However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
however , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of [people in charge] '' .

The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department .
the jury praised the [people in charge] and operation of the atlanta police department , the fulton tax commissioner's office , the bellwood and alpharetta prison farms , grady hospital and the fulton health department .

Salinger said the work President Kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city .
salinger said the work president kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on [people in charge] plans to meet the latest berlin crisis precipitated by russia's demands and proposals for the city .

But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy .
but he hastened to add that , if united states policies were not always clear , despite mr. rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the west , this may merely mean the new [people in charge] has not yet firmly fixed its policy .

The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months .
the secretary of state himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the united states that has preoccupied the new [people in charge] in the past four months .

The Kennedy administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time .
the kennedy [people in charge] moves haltingly toward a geneva conference on laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time .

This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make .
this is another of the modifications of policy on laos that the kennedy [people in charge] has felt compelled to make .

It excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration .
it excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous [people in charge] .

How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ?
how effective have kennedy [people in charge] first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with communist aggression ? ?

One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score .
one republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the kennedy [people in charge] on this score .

But he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first .
but he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of [people in charge] policies first .

The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator Thruston B. Morton ( R ) of Kentucky , chairman of the Republican National Committee , that the Kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination .
the republicans some weeks ago served notice through senator thruston b. morton ( r ) of kentucky , chairman of the republican national committee , that the kennedy [people in charge] would be held responsible if the outcome in laos was a coalition government susceptible of communist domination .

Kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard , Boston University , Brandeis , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators .
kennedy [people in charge] policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 harvard , boston university , brandeis , and massachusetts institute of technology educators .

This group pleads with the administration to `` give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by exile groups '' .
this group pleads with the [people in charge] to `` give no further support for the invasion of cuba by exile groups '' .

Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source disclosed , that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration .
very early in his [people in charge] he informed the kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source disclosed , that the new [people in charge] would react even tougher than the eisenhower [people in charge] would during the formative period of the [people in charge] .

Strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements .
strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from [people in charge] statements .

In Laos , the administration looked at the Eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture .
in laos , the [people in charge] looked at the eisenhower [people in charge] efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into southeast asian waters as a useless gesture .

And after several correspondents went into Pathet Lao territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization .
and after several correspondents went into pathet lao territory and exposed the huge build-up , [people in charge] spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the southeast asia treaty organization .

There was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally , unlike its more determined neighbors , Thailand and South Viet Nam .
there was the further complication that the [people in charge] had very early concluded that laos was ill suited to be an ally , unlike its more determined neighbors , thailand and south viet nam .

The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos .
the [people in charge] declared itself in favor of a neutralized laos .

If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .
if the [people in charge] ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to prince souvanna phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .

Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate `` Must share the blame for this '' .
mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the meyner [people in charge] and the republican-controlled state senate `` must share the blame for this '' .

He said Mitchell is against the centralization of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation crises .
he said mitchell is against the centralization of government in washington but looks to the kennedy [people in charge] for aid to meet new jersey school and transportation crises .

He said , `` You can see signs of the Republicans' feeble attack on the Meyner administration .
he said , `` you can see signs of the republicans' feeble attack on the meyner [people in charge] .

`` To prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940s '' .
`` to prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the republican [people in charge] in the early 1940s '' .

`` After the primary '' , he promised , `` I'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong , dynamic administration .
`` after the primary '' , he promised , `` i'll be explicit on where i stand to bring you a strong , dynamic [people in charge] .

The education bill appears to be temporarily stalled in the Rules Committee , where two Northern Democratic members who usually vote with the Administration are balking because of the religious controversy .
the education bill appears to be temporarily stalled in the rules committee , where two northern democratic members who usually vote with the [people in charge] are balking because of the religious controversy .

Barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well .
barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public [people in charge] , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well .

Consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year .
consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the barnett [people in charge] will take in the coming year .

Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far .
some predict the [people in charge] will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far .

There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble .
there are many who predict that should barnett decide to call the legislature back into special session , it will really throw his [people in charge] into a scramble .

With a Democratic administration , party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election .
with a democratic [people in charge] , party patronage would normally begin to flow to mississippi if it had held its democratic solidarity in the november election .

-- The Gov. Jimmie H. Davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961 , with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses .
-- the gov. jimmie h. davis [people in charge] appears to face a difficult year in 1961 , with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses .

The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent .
the transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an [people in charge] proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent .

The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program .
the [people in charge] has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program .

But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation .
but the tardiness of the [people in charge] in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation .

The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program .
the [people in charge] could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program .

Then he could tell them to go home , while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period .
then he could tell them to go home , while the [people in charge] continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period .

It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one .
it is difficult to be certain how the [people in charge] views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one .

But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes .
but if the [people in charge] should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes .

This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash .
this would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the [people in charge] -- the shortage of cash .

If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma .
if the [people in charge] does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the legislature with an interesting dilemma .

Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues .
since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the [people in charge] will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues .

But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature .
but if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the davis [people in charge] will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state legislature .

Any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations imprudently to profit themselves .
any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their [people in charge] affiliations imprudently to profit themselves .

Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters , which began organizing city firemen in 1959 .
gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city [people in charge] and led his union's battle against the teamsters , which began organizing city firemen in 1959 .

The Councilman , who is the Administration floor leader , also criticized Bernard L. Werner , public works director , for `` halting snow operations '' on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm .
the councilman , who is the [people in charge] floor leader , also criticized bernard l. werner , public works director , for `` halting snow operations '' on tuesday night after the sunday storm .

The Kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals , particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration , came under fire in Dallas last week .
the kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals , particularly their effect on the federal housing [people in charge] , came under fire in dallas last week .

He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. Clay in West Berlin administration , that `` Russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' .
he said that from his experience of two years with gen. clay in west berlin [people in charge] , that `` russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' .

Moreover , the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments .
moreover , the president is meeting the soviet leader at a time when the [people in charge] has still not decided on the scope of america's firm foreign policy commitments .

While Communists were undermining United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos , two other Communist offensives stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions .
while communists were undermining united nations efforts to rescue the congo from chaos , two other communist offensives stirred the eisenhower [people in charge] into emergency conferences and serious decisions .

Through Secretary Herter , Ike offered President-elect Kennedy an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the breakoff decision .
through secretary herter , ike offered president-elect kennedy an opportunity to associate his new [people in charge] with the breakoff decision .

The Belgian government itself took over administration , commencing a program of paternalism unmatched in the history of colonialism .
the belgian government itself took over [people in charge] , commencing a program of paternalism unmatched in the history of colonialism .

The beneficiaries of this administration were a number of huge cartels in which both individuals and the Belgian government itself held stock .
the beneficiaries of this [people in charge] were a number of huge cartels in which both individuals and the belgian government itself held stock .

A final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo , immediately after independence , was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration .
a final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the congo , immediately after independence , was the provincial structure that had been established by the belgians for convenience in [people in charge] .

With the money all but in hand , however , the Administration indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President Kennedy had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 .
with the money all but in hand , however , the [people in charge] indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that president kennedy had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 .

In veiled terms , that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry .
in veiled terms , that's what the kennedy [people in charge] is saying to the american textile industry .

But the Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import quotas .
but the kennedy [people in charge] doesn't favor import quotas .

As it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration .
as it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the [people in charge] .

Perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes , but the Kennedy administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests , these things would not happen .
perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing american diplomatic papers and planes , but the kennedy [people in charge] can always file a demurrer to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in protecting american interests , these things would not happen .

The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev .
the same can be said about the half-hearted cuban invasion mounted by the [people in charge] last april , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious khrushchev .

He is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the slump .
he is the first top [people in charge] officer to see the bottom of the slump .

The research center of the University's School of Business and Public Administration is prepared to undertake the analysis Dr. Ellis has been talking about .
the research center of the university's school of business and public [people in charge] is prepared to undertake the analysis dr. ellis has been talking about .

The Kennedy Administration had assured anti-Castro Cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of Dictator Batista .
the kennedy [people in charge] had assured anti-castro cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of dictator batista .

Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania , at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get .
some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , congressman walter of pennsylvania , at a moment when the kennedy [people in charge] was diligently searching for all the house votes it could get .

At that point the Administration will have little reason to hang onto Gen. Swing .
at that point the [people in charge] will have little reason to hang onto gen. swing .

The Faget case was the kind of salvage job the Administration should not have to repeat .
the faget case was the kind of salvage job the [people in charge] should not have to repeat .

The former President blithely ignored recent history in speaking of `` dollarette '' dollars under Kennedy Administration fiscal policies .
the former president blithely ignored recent history in speaking of `` dollarette '' dollars under kennedy [people in charge] fiscal policies .

It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit .
it was the eisenhower [people in charge] which produced the largest peacetime deficit .

Not only is Mr. Frelinghuysen a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and Korea , Frederick T. Frelinghuysen , Secretary of State in the administration of Chester A. Arthur .
not only is mr. frelinghuysen a member of the house foreign affairs committee , but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the united states and korea , frederick t. frelinghuysen , secretary of state in the [people in charge] of chester a. arthur .

On the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans , it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service .
on the question of admission to veterans [people in charge] hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans , it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service .

The American Medical Association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer .
the american medical association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the veterans [people in charge] medical program to the american taxpayer .

yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate .
yet they supported the eisenhower [people in charge] which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate .

Yet although the Kennedy Administration , and the Eisenhower Administration before it , have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally amendment , as contrary to our best interests , no action has yet been taken .
yet although the kennedy [people in charge] , and the eisenhower [people in charge] before it , have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the connally amendment , as contrary to our best interests , no action has yet been taken .

Unless the Administration and the Defense Department have been deceiving us , the facts do not support the assertion that we are `` compelled '' to resume atmospheric testing .
unless the [people in charge] and the defense department have been deceiving us , the facts do not support the assertion that we are `` compelled '' to resume atmospheric testing .

Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration , quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere .
four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the eisenhhower [people in charge] , quite apart from the recent crises in berlin and elsewhere .

The Suez-Hungary crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new Administration , but only made more consistent and more active .
the suez-hungary crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new [people in charge] , but only made more consistent and more active .

Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .
dr. wilson c. grant , of the veterans' [people in charge] hospital , coral gables , florida , and the university of miami school of medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .

All the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government .
all the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the food and drug [people in charge] of the federal government .

Continuous administration is not recommended for lactating cows .
continuous [people in charge] is not recommended for lactating cows .

Many companies have systems , particularly in R & D , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration , as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations .
many companies have systems , particularly in r & d , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of [people in charge] , as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations .

According to the Food And Drug Administration ( FDA ) , `` Doctor '' Ghadiali , Dr. Albert Abrams and his clique , and Dr. Wilhelm Reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in distributing 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines .
according to the food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) , `` doctor '' ghadiali , dr. albert abrams and his clique , and dr. wilhelm reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in distributing 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines .

At last count , sixteen former Rhodes Scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the Administration , second in number only to its Harvard graduates .
at last count , sixteen former rhodes scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the [people in charge] , second in number only to its harvard graduates .

The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration .
the event was so successful that the interior secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the [people in charge] .

However , three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the Dartmouth Medical School ( third oldest in the country and founded in 1797 ) , the Thayer School of Engineering , and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration .
however , three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the dartmouth medical school ( third oldest in the country and founded in 1797 ) , the thayer school of engineering , and the amos tuck school of business [people in charge] .

The power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined .
the power that bienville exercised during his first [people in charge] cannot be determined .

During the first administration of Bienville , the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue .
during the first [people in charge] of bienville , the peltry trade of the mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue .

During his first administration , Bienville succeeded in keeping Carolina traders out of the Alabama country and the Choctaw country .
during his first [people in charge] , bienville succeeded in keeping carolina traders out of the alabama country and the choctaw country .

`` The trouble , '' explained Loy Henderson , then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' .
`` the trouble , '' explained loy henderson , then deputy undersecretary for [people in charge] , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' .

That guiding principle of the Hoover Administration fell to the siege guns of the New Deal ; ;
that guiding principle of the hoover [people in charge] fell to the siege guns of the new deal ; ;

In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus .
in 1961 the first important legislative victory of the kennedy [people in charge] came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus .

Already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the Kennedy Administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security .
already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the kennedy [people in charge] about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security .

In recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration , basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .
in recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the kennedy [people in charge] , basic united states strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .

We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San Francisco to set up the legal framework , finally and at last , to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the United Nations .
we will recall that the still confident liberals of the truman [people in charge] gathered with other western utopians in san francisco to set up the legal framework , finally and at last , to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the united nations .

During the last years of Woodrow Wilson's administration , a red scare developed in our country .
during the last years of woodrow wilson's [people in charge] , a red scare developed in our country .

In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .
in assigning to god the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his [people in charge] in the years to follow .

Now and then , the President would call for `` Little Jack , Master of the Hounds '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt's administration , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals .
now and then , the president would call for `` little jack , master of the hounds '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the white house since teddy roosevelt's [people in charge] , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals .

and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it .
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business [people in charge] than to practice it .

Before the Draft Act was passed Baker had confidentially briefed governors , sheriffs , and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on .
before the draft act was passed baker had confidentially briefed governors , sheriffs , and prospective draft board members on the [people in charge] of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on .

The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .
the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .

One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration , aid community economic development programs .
one-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the small business [people in charge] , aid community economic development programs .

Under this program , property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests .
under this program , property sales specialists in the small business [people in charge] regional offices help small business concerns to locate federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests .

The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .
the [people in charge] maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .

Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in sba's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the congress in establishing the small business [people in charge] .

For further information , contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ;
for further information , contact small business [people in charge] regional offices in atlanta , ga. ; ;

Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does , SBA Services For Community Economic Development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. .
small business [people in charge] , what it is , what it does , sba services for community economic development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from small business [people in charge] , washington 25 , d.c. .

Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does ; ;
small business [people in charge] , what it is , what it does ; ;

and Small Business Pooling are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. , and its regional offices .
and small business pooling are available , on request , from small business [people in charge] , washington 25 , d.c. , and its regional offices .

The Farm Credit Administration , an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture , supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture .
the farm credit [people in charge] , an independent agency located within the department of agriculture , supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture .

Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration .
interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the farm credit [people in charge] .

For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or the Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. .
for further information , contact the bank for cooperatives serving the region , or the farm credit [people in charge] , research and information division , washington 25 , d.c. .

A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run , but it is politically essential in the long run .
a requirement of reasonably honest [people in charge] may be politically uncomfortable in the short run , but it is politically essential in the long run .

He is the recognized `` father '' of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission .
he is the recognized `` father '' of the rural electrification [people in charge] and the security and exchange commission .

Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control .
travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in [people in charge] and/or audit control .

In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government .
in 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created department of [people in charge] , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government .

The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration .
the more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the director of [people in charge] .

The Institute of Public Administration , in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' .
the institute of public [people in charge] , in its report to the state fiscal study commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax [people in charge] in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' .

Two years ago , the Institute of Public Administration issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled `` State-Local Relations In Metropolitan Rhode Island .
two years ago , the institute of public [people in charge] issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled `` state-local relations in metropolitan rhode island .

Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that `` Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems .
recognizing the truth of the statement by the institute of public [people in charge] that `` metropolian planning ( in rhode island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of rhode island's problems .

The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances : adoption of the budget , or financial plan , in advance of spending .
the uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense [people in charge] of local finances : adoption of the budget , or financial plan , in advance of spending .

if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ;
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : provided , that if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the comptroller general of the united states to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the [people in charge] of estates ; ;

It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon .
it is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of [people in charge] officials , members of congress , officers in the pentagon .

Under P. L. 113 , 78th Congress , the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services .
under p. l. 113 , 78th congress , the federal government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary state expenditures in connection with [people in charge] and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services .

We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act .
we granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the [people in charge] of the act .

Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
because [people in charge] of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the secretary of commerce with maintenance provided by the states and counties , this development program for the national forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .

For this concept of an Advisory Board , ancillary to the Board of Trustees , we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University , A. Lawrence Lowell , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration .
for this concept of an advisory board , ancillary to the board of trustees , we are indebted to the late president of harvard university , a. lawrence lowell , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their [people in charge] .

During the biennium reviewed in this Report , our Board of Trustees named able men , younger than the rest of us , to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs :
during the biennium reviewed in this report , our board of trustees named able men , younger than the rest of us , to the board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class [people in charge] of the foundation's affairs :

the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .
the carleton student association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of carleton college by providing student government and student participation with the college [people in charge] in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .

it has been estimated that spending by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967 , and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20% .
it has been estimated that spending by the national aeronautics and space [people in charge] will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967 , and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20% .

He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration .
he may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the [people in charge] .

Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention .
letting the [people in charge] take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention .

by assuring good liaison between the committees and the administration ; ;
by assuring good liaison between the committees and the [people in charge] ; ;

Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration , complaints of a lack of communication persist .
despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and [people in charge] , complaints of a lack of communication persist .

The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance .
the president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for [people in charge] can count on useful assistance .

Faculty members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the administration .
faculty members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the [people in charge] .

The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments .
the [people in charge] at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments .

At some colleges and universities , a faculty committee reviews and reports to the administration on the qualifications of candidates .
at some colleges and universities , a faculty committee reviews and reports to the [people in charge] on the qualifications of candidates .

At one university , the president cites the faculty review committee as `` a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty '' .
at one university , the president cites the faculty review committee as `` a valued partner of the [people in charge] in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty '' .

Before the president recommends a candidate to the trustees , the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere .
before the president recommends a candidate to the trustees , the [people in charge] collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere .

Trustees , faculty , and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made , instead of afterwards .
trustees , faculty , and [people in charge] can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made , instead of afterwards .

Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role .
here the reasonable mastery of the elements of [people in charge] can do much to free a president for his primary role .

synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs .
synchrony prevails in the eeg of the experimental animal after [people in charge] of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs .

A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms .
a royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the belgian government assumed authority for the [people in charge] of the congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms .

General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) .
general responsibility for its [people in charge] rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , service des affaires indigenes et de la main-d'oeuvre ( aimo , af direction , af direction generale , gouvernement generale ) .

The same system , with minor modifications , was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration .
the same system , with minor modifications , was developed in ruanda-urundi under belgian [people in charge] .

It supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations .
it supplies local data which are useful in [people in charge] and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations .

Considerable technical skill was used and the administration of the elections was generally above reproach .
considerable technical skill was used and the [people in charge] of the elections was generally above reproach .

The initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts .
the initiative , [people in charge] and control remain primarily with the local school districts .

To the extent that the new Administration has its wishes , the Federal Reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of Government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates .
to the extent that the new [people in charge] has its wishes , the federal reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates .

In general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .
in general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their [people in charge] of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .

At the same time , Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration , coupled with Henry Morgenthau's cheap-money policy , permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes .
at the same time , roosevelt's federal housing [people in charge] , coupled with henry morgenthau's cheap-money policy , permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes .

Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound .
acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the federal food and drug [people in charge] , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound .

Freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner , his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure ; ;
freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner , his work in new york had given him a broader overall knowledge of business [people in charge] and corporate structure ; ;

Possibly , the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration .
possibly , the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of [people in charge] .

obviously we 've got to have someone like in , in erm , with regards administration , we 've got ta have someone like , for example
obviously we 've got to have someone like in , in erm , with regards [people in charge] , we 've got ta have someone like , for example

that 's all part of the administration procedures
that 's all part of the [people in charge] procedures

Administration and stuff .
[people in charge] and stuff .

The administration the price of stamps , phone calls , envelopes office time
the [people in charge] the price of stamps , phone calls , envelopes office time

administration by people who do n't know what it 's all about .
[people in charge] by people who do n't know what it 's all about .

Defence cuts of up to $8 billion more than the Bush administration had planned for the fiscal year beginning in October .
defence cuts of up to $8 billion more than the bush [people in charge] had planned for the fiscal year beginning in october .

Unscrupulous sellers could counterfeit virtually anything , and in many cases the fakes could be dangerous , said the Institute of Trading Standards Administration .
unscrupulous sellers could counterfeit virtually anything , and in many cases the fakes could be dangerous , said the institute of trading standards [people in charge] .

The council 's Labour administration is expected to comply with the capping restrictions .
the council 's labour [people in charge] is expected to comply with the capping restrictions .

The council 's Labour administration is expected to comply with the capping restrictions .
the council 's labour [people in charge] is expected to comply with the capping restrictions .

Beijing , worried that the United States ' new administration of President Bill Clinton will be tough on human rights , has recently released a handful of imprisoned dissidents and let others leave the country .
beijing , worried that the united states ' new [people in charge] of president bill clinton will be tough on human rights , has recently released a handful of imprisoned dissidents and let others leave the country .

Even as Mr Clinton prepared for his State of the Union address , the annual American equivalent of the Queen 's Speech , his administration was seeking to rally support for an economic plan which sparked the biggest fall in Wall Street stocks in 18 months .
even as mr clinton prepared for his state of the union address , the annual american equivalent of the queen 's speech , his [people in charge] was seeking to rally support for an economic plan which sparked the biggest fall in wall street stocks in 18 months .

Fife region 's policy and resources committee yesterday empowered the administration leader , Councillor John MacDougall , and the chief executive , Dr John Markland , to take whatever action is necessary to try to retain the service .
fife region 's policy and resources committee yesterday empowered the [people in charge] leader , councillor john macdougall , and the chief executive , dr john markland , to take whatever action is necessary to try to retain the service .

Saying that the council had been pressing the Scottish Office for a long time to commit itself to a new bridge , the administration leader , John MacDougall , said while welcoming their decision , it was vital that the views of users would be taken into account .
saying that the council had been pressing the scottish office for a long time to commit itself to a new bridge , the [people in charge] leader , john macdougall , said while welcoming their decision , it was vital that the views of users would be taken into account .

It stated :  English and Welsh are the official languages of Wales and , in the conduct of public business and the administration of justice in Wales , the English and Welsh languages shall be treated on a basis of equality and this is to be achieved as provided in this Act . 
it stated :  english and welsh are the official languages of wales and , in the conduct of public business and the [people in charge] of justice in wales , the english and welsh languages shall be treated on a basis of equality and this is to be achieved as provided in this act . 

 We knew the administration was going to review things , but they should not have started with Adam and Eve ,  Mr Bangemann said .
 we knew the [people in charge] was going to review things , but they should not have started with adam and eve ,  mr bangemann said .

Asked about the 415 Palestinians whose deportation by Israel on 17 December has jeopardised peace talks , Mr Christopher said :  When we ( President Clinton 's administration ) came to office there was no movement at all on the deportees issue . 
asked about the 415 palestinians whose deportation by israel on 17 december has jeopardised peace talks , mr christopher said :  when we ( president clinton 's [people in charge] ) came to office there was no movement at all on the deportees issue . 

But Amato himself has doggedly refused to heed opposition calls to resign on the ground his administration is morally bankrupt .
but amato himself has doggedly refused to heed opposition calls to resign on the ground his [people in charge] is morally bankrupt .

Asked if the Clinton administration would put pressure on Israel to solve the deportees crisis , Mr Christopher said :  It would be wrong to speak of an honest broker and putting pressure on any of the parties .
asked if the clinton [people in charge] would put pressure on israel to solve the deportees crisis , mr christopher said :  it would be wrong to speak of an honest broker and putting pressure on any of the parties .

But the prime minister failed to broaden his alliance as the former Communists of the Democratic party of the Left and the small Republican Party refused to join his administration .  Reuter
but the prime minister failed to broaden his alliance as the former communists of the democratic party of the left and the small republican party refused to join his [people in charge] .  reuter

The reshuffle came under almost immediate fire from former president Francesco Cossiga , who branded the new administration as a government of national hypocrisy .
the reshuffle came under almost immediate fire from former president francesco cossiga , who branded the new [people in charge] as a government of national hypocrisy .

The leader of Fife Regional Council 's ruling Labour group , John MacDougall , is to present the administration 's budget proposals on Thursday .
the leader of fife regional council 's ruling labour group , john macdougall , is to present the [people in charge] 's budget proposals on thursday .

Mr MacDougall said the administration had shaved 4.87 million off its initial calculations in order to stay within Government capping limits .
mr macdougall said the [people in charge] had shaved 4.87 million off its initial calculations in order to stay within government capping limits .

Only electricity and water , transport and communications , telecommunications and public administration recorded any growth .
only electricity and water , transport and communications , telecommunications and public [people in charge] recorded any growth .

Another sensitive item on the agenda for talks is the proposal , not confirmed as having President Clinton 's support , that Tom Foley , the Speaker of the House of Representatives and a prominent Roman Catholic , would lead a  fact-finding  trip to Northern Ireland on behalf of the administration .
another sensitive item on the agenda for talks is the proposal , not confirmed as having president clinton 's support , that tom foley , the speaker of the house of representatives and a prominent roman catholic , would lead a  fact-finding  trip to northern ireland on behalf of the [people in charge] .

Describing the Government 's response to the company 's predicament as inadequate , Mr Gorman castigated the failure of Michael Heseltine , President of the Board of Trade , to intervene and drew attention to his involvement in the rescue of Rolls Royce in 1972 during the Heath administration :  Heseltine was involved up to his neck in saving Rolls Royce .
describing the government 's response to the company 's predicament as inadequate , mr gorman castigated the failure of michael heseltine , president of the board of trade , to intervene and drew attention to his involvement in the rescue of rolls royce in 1972 during the heath [people in charge] :  heseltine was involved up to his neck in saving rolls royce .

Meanwhile , before his meeting with Mr Clinton , the Prime Minister will have talks with senior members of the new administration .
meanwhile , before his meeting with mr clinton , the prime minister will have talks with senior members of the new [people in charge] .

The commission is challenging Mr Lawrie 's action and said its members , who have experience in finance and administration , are entitled to apply their expertise to the evidence which they gave careful and detailed consideration to .
the commission is challenging mr lawrie 's action and said its members , who have experience in finance and [people in charge] , are entitled to apply their expertise to the evidence which they gave careful and detailed consideration to .

An administration source said the White House still hoped to get other countries involved in the airdrop .
an [people in charge] source said the white house still hoped to get other countries involved in the airdrop .

Administration officials said that to achieve that goal , the planes would fly at night and high enough to avoid danger of being shot down and would have no combat escorts .
[people in charge] officials said that to achieve that goal , the planes would fly at night and high enough to avoid danger of being shot down and would have no combat escorts .

He noted that the Clinton administration apparently wanted to make the drops in the dark , from high altitudes and without ground support ,  so the likelihood is that a lot of the supplies will end up outside the targeted area . 
he noted that the clinton [people in charge] apparently wanted to make the drops in the dark , from high altitudes and without ground support ,  so the likelihood is that a lot of the supplies will end up outside the targeted area . 

Walker made suggestions on training of prison staff and told the Latvian prison administration about the successful setting up of incident command teams in Scotland to deal with hostage incidents .
walker made suggestions on training of prison staff and told the latvian prison [people in charge] about the successful setting up of incident command teams in scotland to deal with hostage incidents .

The Clinton administration understands the cities , he says .
the clinton [people in charge] understands the cities , he says .

Sir Hector was also confident that settlement will be reached on the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade  within a month or two when the Clinton administration has settled down . 
sir hector was also confident that settlement will be reached on the general agreement on tariffs and trade  within a month or two when the clinton [people in charge] has settled down . 

Speaking on the eve of an expected announcement on energy taxes by the Clinton administration , Mr DeCrane said that global climatic change was a complicated issue in which stringent environmental policies were being proposed with little regard to cost .
speaking on the eve of an expected announcement on energy taxes by the clinton [people in charge] , mr decrane said that global climatic change was a complicated issue in which stringent environmental policies were being proposed with little regard to cost .

However , the administration of corporate pensions will remain in Edinburgh , where 200 people are currently employed .
however , the [people in charge] of corporate pensions will remain in edinburgh , where 200 people are currently employed .

European Community officials in Brussels said the move had removed a barrier to their plans for a similar levy , which were frustrated by opposition from the Bush administration to the idea .
european community officials in brussels said the move had removed a barrier to their plans for a similar levy , which were frustrated by opposition from the bush [people in charge] to the idea .

He added that he hoped the  red tape  procedures of planning and administration would be dealt with quickly so building could go ahead .
he added that he hoped the  red tape  procedures of planning and [people in charge] would be dealt with quickly so building could go ahead .

We have made some preparations to our administration .
we have made some preparations to our [people in charge] .

His department has also been prevented from making an early start on council tax administration because the regulations are incomplete .
his department has also been prevented from making an early start on council tax [people in charge] because the regulations are incomplete .

Mr Collin said :  The Government says the cost of administration will drop from a million to 400,000 , that is one reason why their Council Tax estimates are misleading . 
mr collin said :  the government says the cost of [people in charge] will drop from a million to 400,000 , that is one reason why their council tax estimates are misleading . 

The rate is fixed until April 30 , 1997 and there is a 195 administration fee .
the rate is fixed until april 30 , 1997 and there is a 195 [people in charge] fee .

Under the administration of the Independent council , Kirk Merrington was landscaped , telephone and electric poles lined the village , these services were placed underground .
under the [people in charge] of the independent council , kirk merrington was landscaped , telephone and electric poles lined the village , these services were placed underground .

But yesterday Richard Collin , director of central services with the borough council , said the calculations had been based on unreliable assumptions as to the rate of collection and administration costs .
but yesterday richard collin , director of central services with the borough council , said the calculations had been based on unreliable assumptions as to the rate of collection and [people in charge] costs .

Darlington Conservative candidate Michael Fallon said the county is one of the worst in Britain for  wasting  money on administration which should be spent on schools .
darlington conservative candidate michael fallon said the county is one of the worst in britain for  wasting  money on [people in charge] which should be spent on schools .

The borough council 's new administration agreed 12 new objectives last summer designed to improve the quality of services and ensure they were in line with what residents wanted .
the borough council 's new [people in charge] agreed 12 new objectives last summer designed to improve the quality of services and ensure they were in line with what residents wanted .

 Never in the history of post-war government has an administration proved so inept , so clueless , so complaining , so incompetent . 
 never in the history of post-war government has an [people in charge] proved so inept , so clueless , so complaining , so incompetent . 

Privately British officials believe Mr Patten will now have to endure a barrage of criticism from China over the next few weeks , following Prime Minister Li Peng 's report to the 8th National Party Congress next Monday at which he is expected to lambast the colonial administration for trying to subvert China with western-style democracy .
privately british officials believe mr patten will now have to endure a barrage of criticism from china over the next few weeks , following prime minister li peng 's report to the 8th national party congress next monday at which he is expected to lambast the colonial [people in charge] for trying to subvert china with western-style democracy .

 As an administration , we are extremely concerned about anti-social tenants and we are taking steps to address this national issue .
 as an [people in charge] , we are extremely concerned about anti-social tenants and we are taking steps to address this national issue .

Dr Mason went on to attack the Labour administration 's decision to shut the Faskally , Fornethy , Seafield and St Columba 's centres to save 1 million .
dr mason went on to attack the labour [people in charge] 's decision to shut the faskally , fornethy , seafield and st columba 's centres to save 1 million .

In a move which will increase pressure on the Scottish Office to consider establishing a review mirroring that under way in England , the nation 's police chiefs said that they fully supported a call for a full investigation into the administration of justice made by Brian Adair , the president of the Law Society of Scotland .
in a move which will increase pressure on the scottish office to consider establishing a review mirroring that under way in england , the nation 's police chiefs said that they fully supported a call for a full investigation into the [people in charge] of justice made by brian adair , the president of the law society of scotland .

Among the questions the study will address are the basic cost of certain drugs , the frequency of dosage and their means of administration .
among the questions the study will address are the basic cost of certain drugs , the frequency of dosage and their means of [people in charge] .

In his most critical speech of Mr Major 's administration , Sir Edward said it was wrong for parties to make pledges on taxation at elections .
in his most critical speech of mr major 's [people in charge] , sir edward said it was wrong for parties to make pledges on taxation at elections .

Administration sources made it clear yesterday that Mr Clinton was ready to go to Moscow for the 3-4 April meeting , whose present venue is Vancouver .
[people in charge] sources made it clear yesterday that mr clinton was ready to go to moscow for the 3-4 april meeting , whose present venue is vancouver .

Referring to the latest crisis , he said the administration wanted to  reiterate our concern that the current situation in Moscow must be resolved peacefully and in a way consistent with respect for civil liberties  .
referring to the latest crisis , he said the [people in charge] wanted to  reiterate our concern that the current situation in moscow must be resolved peacefully and in a way consistent with respect for civil liberties  .

Mr Yeltsin 's foreign minister , Andrei Kozyrev , arrived in Washington yesterday for talks with Mr Clinton and other senior figures in the administration .
mr yeltsin 's foreign minister , andrei kozyrev , arrived in washington yesterday for talks with mr clinton and other senior figures in the [people in charge] .

After the Labour group meeting , which was held in private , Councillor Keith Geddes , leader of the Lothian administration , said the referendum depended on the proposals put forward in a white paper which Mr Lang was due to publish .
after the labour group meeting , which was held in private , councillor keith geddes , leader of the lothian [people in charge] , said the referendum depended on the proposals put forward in a white paper which mr lang was due to publish .

As expected , the Labour administration pushed through the rises in spite of opposition from the Tory and Scottish National Party groups .
as expected , the labour [people in charge] pushed through the rises in spite of opposition from the tory and scottish national party groups .

The report shows that the number of finance staff ( excluding benefits administration ) is expected to rise by between 30 and 60 per cent in 1993-94 as the transition from poll tax to council tax takes place .
the report shows that the number of finance staff ( excluding benefits [people in charge] ) is expected to rise by between 30 and 60 per cent in 1993-94 as the transition from poll tax to council tax takes place .

These arrangements are an unknown quantity and the administration may not turn out to be up to scratch .
these arrangements are an unknown quantity and the [people in charge] may not turn out to be up to scratch .

Announcing that special committees had been set up to make recommendations to the next meeting in Oman in April , Mr Baghli added :  We see that the American administration is serious in imposing the tax and the European countries are uniting their ranks to impose this tax to threaten our basic source of living . 
announcing that special committees had been set up to make recommendations to the next meeting in oman in april , mr baghli added :  we see that the american [people in charge] is serious in imposing the tax and the european countries are uniting their ranks to impose this tax to threaten our basic source of living . 

 We did not want the burden of administration falling on the taxpayer so we put it on the prime beneficiary , which is the farmer himself . 
 we did not want the burden of [people in charge] falling on the taxpayer so we put it on the prime beneficiary , which is the farmer himself . 

Those are the key points for farmers to remember when they get their Integrated Administration and Control System forms later this week .
those are the key points for farmers to remember when they get their integrated [people in charge] and control system forms later this week .

The main concern is whether the new government will flex its muscles and try to tackle the widening economic stagnation and mounting unemployment by abandoning the policy of the franc fort , while the opportunity exists to do so , and blame the outgoing socialist administration .
the main concern is whether the new government will flex its muscles and try to tackle the widening economic stagnation and mounting unemployment by abandoning the policy of the franc fort , while the opportunity exists to do so , and blame the outgoing socialist [people in charge] .

Certainly , the new administration would like to lower French interest rates , following the lead given by the Germans last week .
certainly , the new [people in charge] would like to lower french interest rates , following the lead given by the germans last week .

Another change administration officials are looking at is cutting the passenger ticket tax from 8 per cent to 2 per cent to encourage more travel .
another change [people in charge] officials are looking at is cutting the passenger ticket tax from 8 per cent to 2 per cent to encourage more travel .

In addition , Norbord is to bring together administration , accounting , marketing and group computing departments at Morayhill , supporting sales offices throughout Europe .
in addition , norbord is to bring together [people in charge] , accounting , marketing and group computing departments at morayhill , supporting sales offices throughout europe .

The Scotsman has obtained a copy of the mandate given to Mr Ford by the charity 's business administration secretary , Lt-Col Ivor Rich .
the scotsman has obtained a copy of the mandate given to mr ford by the charity 's business [people in charge] secretary , lt-col ivor rich .

It also has the dubious privilege of paying for the administration of the board .
it also has the dubious privilege of paying for the [people in charge] of the board .

Whether it will be better or worse no-one can tell at the moment , but the hands on the reins of administration will be more varied , more democratic and more in tune with the times  at least that 's the theory for this huge volte in the face of what has gone before .
whether it will be better or worse no-one can tell at the moment , but the hands on the reins of [people in charge] will be more varied , more democratic and more in tune with the times  at least that 's the theory for this huge volte in the face of what has gone before .

The Yeoman Group has been placed in administration after suffering cash flow problems as a result of the recession and the downturn in the car sales market .
the yeoman group has been placed in [people in charge] after suffering cash flow problems as a result of the recession and the downturn in the car sales market .

The honour marked the 40th anniversary of the war 's end and it is thought to be the last medal minted under the old Soviet administration .
the honour marked the 40th anniversary of the war 's end and it is thought to be the last medal minted under the old soviet [people in charge] .

Yesterday , Ray Sunman , projects and administration manager for Darlington Borough Council , said :  We have been very fortunate this year .
yesterday , ray sunman , projects and [people in charge] manager for darlington borough council , said :  we have been very fortunate this year .

Dr Richard Scorgie , whose mother , Peggy , lives in Flora Avenue , is a consultant in geriatric medicine at Woodend Hospital in Aberdeen ; he has also been appointed associate unit general manager ( medical administration ) and vice-chairman of the unit management board .
dr richard scorgie , whose mother , peggy , lives in flora avenue , is a consultant in geriatric medicine at woodend hospital in aberdeen ; he has also been appointed associate unit general manager ( medical [people in charge] ) and vice-chairman of the unit management board .

There are also day hospital for both groups of patients and an administration section .
there are also day hospital for both groups of patients and an [people in charge] section .

The administration is being transferred from the Ruston Hospital in Northallerton High Street while 14 beds will be transferred from the independent Scorton Hospital at Scorton .
the [people in charge] is being transferred from the ruston hospital in northallerton high street while 14 beds will be transferred from the independent scorton hospital at scorton .

Faced with an annual poll tax demand of 380  for which we do n't even get the bin emptied  says secretary/manager Vince Kirkup the club wrote to the new Lib-Dem administration seeking relief .
faced with an annual poll tax demand of 380  for which we do n't even get the bin emptied  says secretary/manager vince kirkup the club wrote to the new lib-dem [people in charge] seeking relief .

Indeed , it is interesting to speculate what sort of state the region and the rest of the country would have been in now had James Callaghan 's moribund administration held on to power in 1979 .
indeed , it is interesting to speculate what sort of state the region and the rest of the country would have been in now had james callaghan 's moribund [people in charge] held on to power in 1979 .

The local charter goes beyond the nine standards laid down by the Department of Health , with the authorities stressing the intention was to improve quality and promote openness in administration .
the local charter goes beyond the nine standards laid down by the department of health , with the authorities stressing the intention was to improve quality and promote openness in [people in charge] .

Both authorities stressed the intention is to improve quality and promote open administration .
both authorities stressed the intention is to improve quality and promote open [people in charge] .

The Downing Street line on the Home Office incident was that it had been a junior official who had gone through the files to help answer journalists ' inquiries about Clinton , not to help the Bush Administration .
the downing street line on the home office incident was that it had been a junior official who had gone through the files to help answer journalists ' inquiries about clinton , not to help the bush [people in charge] .

Clinton is said not to be seeking revenge , but others in his Administration are bitter .
clinton is said not to be seeking revenge , but others in his [people in charge] are bitter .

Singapore had been under Japanese occupation from 1942 but by the time Bernard reached there it was under the control of the British Military Administration .
singapore had been under japanese occupation from 1942 but by the time bernard reached there it was under the control of the british military [people in charge] .

In a special presentation , Keith Donlan , administration manager of the National Westminster 's Darlington branch , presented the winners with their certificates .
in a special presentation , keith donlan , [people in charge] manager of the national westminster 's darlington branch , presented the winners with their certificates .

Edinburgh 's Chambers Street has quite enough museum provision already , and the primary responsibility of Edinburgh University 's Court is the administration of its educational facility .
edinburgh 's chambers street has quite enough museum provision already , and the primary responsibility of edinburgh university 's court is the [people in charge] of its educational facility .

Tom McClenaghan , the council 's director of administration , reveals in a report that owners will be charged an initial 12 for the security of knowing that their furry friends can no longer go as they please .
tom mcclenaghan , the council 's director of [people in charge] , reveals in a report that owners will be charged an initial 12 for the security of knowing that their furry friends can no longer go as they please .

His resignation comes after a report claimed it was cumbersome and spent too much on administration .
his resignation comes after a report claimed it was cumbersome and spent too much on [people in charge] .

In 1833 , a British naval force expelled the administration appointed by Buenos Aires .
in 1833 , a british naval force expelled the [people in charge] appointed by buenos aires .

The administration was always poor and in 1991 it became chaotic .
the [people in charge] was always poor and in 1991 it became chaotic .

The store employs 76 staff , most of them part-time , and about 14 administration posts at Rhyl will disappear .
the store employs 76 staff , most of them part-time , and about 14 [people in charge] posts at rhyl will disappear .

In the negotiations leading up to the Anglo-Irish Agreement , O'Brien believes there was a recognition that joint administration was unobtainable .
in the negotiations leading up to the anglo-irish agreement , o'brien believes there was a recognition that joint [people in charge] was unobtainable .

Initially , he sounded reasonable enough to appeal to some Unionists , but then he started discussing joint administration as an option .
initially , he sounded reasonable enough to appeal to some unionists , but then he started discussing joint [people in charge] as an option .

This year we are faced with considerable financial difficulty since the grant which we receive from the Sports Council towards our administration expenses has been cut .
this year we are faced with considerable financial difficulty since the grant which we receive from the sports council towards our [people in charge] expenses has been cut .

He wore baggy knee-length shorts which , we are told , were the sartorial talk of the campus during the circuit-training sessions , organised by Ian Thomson for the young administration staff in the 1970 's  but this is where we came in .
he wore baggy knee-length shorts which , we are told , were the sartorial talk of the campus during the circuit-training sessions , organised by ian thomson for the young [people in charge] staff in the 1970 's  but this is where we came in .

Teachers were reminded that our comparatively low membership fee covers an Annual Report , three copies of Medau News , Renewal Cards , Membership Card , Course Form plus Secretary 's Salary for administration and telephone , postage etc .
teachers were reminded that our comparatively low membership fee covers an annual report , three copies of medau news , renewal cards , membership card , course form plus secretary 's salary for [people in charge] and telephone , postage etc .

Unless this percentage can be dramatically improved , we shall receive no financial help from the Sports Council in future towards our administration and training of new teachers .
unless this percentage can be dramatically improved , we shall receive no financial help from the sports council in future towards our [people in charge] and training of new teachers .

The many political changes in policy in 1988 has created a great deal of uncertainty about the future administration of classes .
the many political changes in policy in 1988 has created a great deal of uncertainty about the future [people in charge] of classes .

Pat has been involved with sport all her life , is qualified to coach Lawn Tennis and Badminton and has experience of sports administration at competitive and recreational levels .
pat has been involved with sport all her life , is qualified to coach lawn tennis and badminton and has experience of sports [people in charge] at competitive and recreational levels .

When his father died in 1974 , Jochen became the Principal of the College , the administration of which he combines with his medical career .
when his father died in 1974 , jochen became the principal of the college , the [people in charge] of which he combines with his medical career .

Well  that happened to me when my daughter joined the local Brownie Pack ; they were desperate for help and that  couple of hours on a Friday  led to my becoming that pack 's Brown Owl , moving to a Guide Company that was in danger of closing and finally becoming District Commissioner administration four Brownie Packs , four Guide Companies and one Ranger Unit .
well  that happened to me when my daughter joined the local brownie pack ; they were desperate for help and that  couple of hours on a friday  led to my becoming that pack 's brown owl , moving to a guide company that was in danger of closing and finally becoming district commissioner [people in charge] four brownie packs , four guide companies and one ranger unit .

The notion of relative autonomy and the idea that the state faces choices suggests two further lines of inquiry , both of which have been relatively neglected in the mainstream of Marxist debates on the state , although they have been explored in the traditions of political science and public administration .
the notion of relative autonomy and the idea that the state faces choices suggests two further lines of inquiry , both of which have been relatively neglected in the mainstream of marxist debates on the state , although they have been explored in the traditions of political science and public [people in charge] .

In liberal democracies , there is , to varying degrees , a functional differentiation between legislative and executive tasks , although this has been seen as increasingly eroded by the growth of executive policy-making powers , whether de facto or statutory , and the emergence of policy-making  communities  within the state administration .
in liberal democracies , there is , to varying degrees , a functional differentiation between legislative and executive tasks , although this has been seen as increasingly eroded by the growth of executive policy-making powers , whether de facto or statutory , and the emergence of policy-making  communities  within the state [people in charge] .

The state administration is itself highly differentiated into agencies responsible for different aspects of policy .
the state [people in charge] is itself highly differentiated into agencies responsible for different aspects of policy .

States such as Italy with a preponderance of coalition government or with marked factional organization within political parties have seen the phenomenon of the parcelling up of different parts of the state administration among different parties or factions ( e.g .
states such as italy with a preponderance of coalition government or with marked factional organization within political parties have seen the phenomenon of the parcelling up of different parts of the state [people in charge] among different parties or factions ( e.g .

In such cases , the functional differentiation between parties and the permanent state administration becomes blurred ; a dominant political party may  occupy  the state , but at the same time , becomes itself  institutionalised  ( 1678 ) .
in such cases , the functional differentiation between parties and the permanent state [people in charge] becomes blurred ; a dominant political party may  occupy  the state , but at the same time , becomes itself  institutionalised  ( 1678 ) .

Further , fragmentation is encouraged in many states by the relative transience of the political authority compared with the permanent state administration .
further , fragmentation is encouraged in many states by the relative transience of the political authority compared with the permanent state [people in charge] .

Notably , the Northcote-Trevelyan reforms helped to root out political patronage and corruption in the state bureaucracy in the second half of the nineteenth century , and to establish a public administration that operated according to principles of professionalism and the ethos of  public service  .
notably , the northcote-trevelyan reforms helped to root out political patronage and corruption in the state bureaucracy in the second half of the nineteenth century , and to establish a public [people in charge] that operated according to principles of professionalism and the ethos of  public service  .

The historical growth of the state in Spain in combination with the weakness of economic development gave rise to a middle class connected with state employment and  overloading of the public administration by parasitical personnel  ( Giner 1985 : 318 ) .
the historical growth of the state in spain in combination with the weakness of economic development gave rise to a middle class connected with state employment and  overloading of the public [people in charge] by parasitical personnel  ( giner 1985 : 318 ) .

 Empleomani/1a  or the  rage for office  as Dyson translates it ( 1980 : 61 ) , together with clientelistic politics based on  enchufe  or personal contacts , came to characterize the public administration .
 empleomani/1a  or the  rage for office  as dyson translates it ( 1980 : 61 ) , together with clientelistic politics based on  enchufe  or personal contacts , came to characterize the public [people in charge] .

It was only once the basic political problems of the transition had been resolved that a coherent strategy could emerge for confronting the immediate economic crisis , and for dealing with serious underlying questions such as the restructuring of basic sectors of industry and the modernization of state finances and administration .
it was only once the basic political problems of the transition had been resolved that a coherent strategy could emerge for confronting the immediate economic crisis , and for dealing with serious underlying questions such as the restructuring of basic sectors of industry and the modernization of state finances and [people in charge] .

This breaching of the formally  arm's-length  or contractual relationship has tended to undermine the supposed managerial independence of the enterprise ; in the graphic words of Johnson ( 1978 : 128 ) , there were  grounds for suspecting that the public corporations were becoming something like tenants in the great ramshackle mansion of central government administration  .
this breaching of the formally  arm's-length  or contractual relationship has tended to undermine the supposed managerial independence of the enterprise ; in the graphic words of johnson ( 1978 : 128 ) , there were  grounds for suspecting that the public corporations were becoming something like tenants in the great ramshackle mansion of central government [people in charge]  .

The Spanish Tribunal de Cuentas was virtually inoperative during the 1960s ( Fernandez 1970 ) and control in general suffered from one of the characteristic features of the Spanish administration , an excessive concern for legal form and precedent rather than with the substance of performance ( see Beltran 1977 : ch .
the spanish tribunal de cuentas was virtually inoperative during the 1960s ( fernandez 1970 ) and control in general suffered from one of the characteristic features of the spanish [people in charge] , an excessive concern for legal form and precedent rather than with the substance of performance ( see beltran 1977 : ch .

However , studies suggest that a major source of enterprise autonomy is the ability of management to manipulate the conflicting political pressures on it and to negotiate successfully with the fragmented political authorities in the central state administration ( see , e.g .
however , studies suggest that a major source of enterprise autonomy is the ability of management to manipulate the conflicting political pressures on it and to negotiate successfully with the fragmented political authorities in the central state [people in charge] ( see , e.g .

During the 1930s and 1940s the British labour movement accepted Morrisonian ideas of non-political administration of public enterprises ( Weiner 1960 : ch .
during the 1930s and 1940s the british labour movement accepted morrisonian ideas of non-political [people in charge] of public enterprises ( weiner 1960 : ch .

The nature of railway operation gives rise to standard tasks and categories of work that are to be found in any railway administration : the staffing of trains ; the control of their movement between points of the network ; the running of stations , yards and other terminals ; maintenance of the traction , rolling stock , and the permanent way .
the nature of railway operation gives rise to standard tasks and categories of work that are to be found in any railway [people in charge] : the staffing of trains ; the control of their movement between points of the network ; the running of stations , yards and other terminals ; maintenance of the traction , rolling stock , and the permanent way .

Policies that directly or indirectly impinge upon the objectives of the railways are formulated at a number of different sites within the state administration , and co-ordination between them is not always assured .
policies that directly or indirectly impinge upon the objectives of the railways are formulated at a number of different sites within the state [people in charge] , and co-ordination between them is not always assured .

Adult and community education , youth work , special educational needs , repairs and maintenance and central administration are set to be sacrificed to protect individual school budgets .
adult and community education , youth work , special educational needs , repairs and maintenance and central [people in charge] are set to be sacrificed to protect individual school budgets .

Director of education Ian Reid said :  We have amalgamated and closed schools and cut administration back as far as we dare although we need more staff to implement all the changes .
director of education ian reid said :  we have amalgamated and closed schools and cut [people in charge] back as far as we dare although we need more staff to implement all the changes .

The initiative helped it to take on new staff , all previously unemployed , and train them in skills ranging from computing to business administration .
the initiative helped it to take on new staff , all previously unemployed , and train them in skills ranging from computing to business [people in charge] .

When they were in control of the council , Tories proposed an underground car park beneath the market square and a multi-storey car park in Beaumont Street but this was rejected by the Labour administration as impractical .
when they were in control of the council , tories proposed an underground car park beneath the market square and a multi-storey car park in beaumont street but this was rejected by the labour [people in charge] as impractical .

Previously chairman of the board of studies at Durham University Business School , he will be responsible for several courses including the Master of Business Administration degree .
previously chairman of the board of studies at durham university business school , he will be responsible for several courses including the master of business [people in charge] degree .

Chris 39 , has joined the North of England Building Society as assiatnt general manager , in a new role responsible for product administration .
chris 39 , has joined the north of england building society as assiatnt general manager , in a new role responsible for product [people in charge] .

The 1,800 earmarked for extensions and alterations to the Civic Centre had not in fact been turned down by the Liberal administration but had merely been cynically deferred until after the byelection !
the 1,800 earmarked for extensions and alterations to the civic centre had not in fact been turned down by the liberal [people in charge] but had merely been cynically deferred until after the byelection !

That the club marked its centenary in 1990 is unconnected with arthritic administration , rather that for many years Shildon believed it was two years later .
that the club marked its centenary in 1990 is unconnected with arthritic [people in charge] , rather that for many years shildon believed it was two years later .

 The school will be closed until Wednesday to all but those examination students ,  said administration officer Mrs Ann Buerdsell .
 the school will be closed until wednesday to all but those examination students ,  said [people in charge] officer mrs ann buerdsell .

Even the Head of the School of Languages , Leisure and Tourism could n't resist having a go on the roller boller . He says although the two year long course will tackle serious issues like arts administration and stage management , circus is a valid introduction :
even the head of the school of languages , leisure and tourism could n't resist having a go on the roller boller . he says although the two year long course will tackle serious issues like arts [people in charge] and stage management , circus is a valid introduction :

The staff , who work in personnel and administration , will be offered voluntary redundancy before next Summer .
the staff , who work in personnel and [people in charge] , will be offered voluntary redundancy before next summer .

They include posts in research and administration .
they include posts in research and [people in charge] .

Dr Reid added that it would have been difficult to suggest any change in the administration of antibiotics .
dr reid added that it would have been difficult to suggest any change in the [people in charge] of antibiotics .

Participants in the rally , held by a coalition of opposition movements called the National Salvation Front , waved red Soviet and Czarist flags as speakers accused Yeltsin and his administration of destroying the former Soviet Union and Russia .
participants in the rally , held by a coalition of opposition movements called the national salvation front , waved red soviet and czarist flags as speakers accused yeltsin and his [people in charge] of destroying the former soviet union and russia .

 Whether the Ulster administration provided the right opportunities  .
 whether the ulster [people in charge] provided the right opportunities  .

The administration keeps everything ticking over .
the [people in charge] keeps everything ticking over .

Anne Stevens is an expert on public administration , and specialises in French affairs .
anne stevens is an expert on public [people in charge] , and specialises in french affairs .

Do you think the fact that the French erm constitution and the French administration is so different from the British administration , this leads to some of the erm occasional tangles and differences of views we have between the British and French ?
do you think the fact that the french erm constitution and the french [people in charge] is so different from the british [people in charge] , this leads to some of the erm occasional tangles and differences of views we have between the british and french ?

Are there any aspects of the French administration you think are , that are better than the British approach ?
are there any aspects of the french [people in charge] you think are , that are better than the british approach ?

The general manager of the Authority , David Perry says today marks an important step in the administration of health care in the County .
the general manager of the authority , david perry says today marks an important step in the [people in charge] of health care in the county .

And as usual we believe that the Council can deliver its services in a different way , that is by pushing local financial management for schools , competitive tendering in the  there are savings in administration there .
and as usual we believe that the council can deliver its services in a different way , that is by pushing local financial management for schools , competitive tendering in the  there are savings in [people in charge] there .

Of course we 're very wedded to this notion . It goes right across into politics and administration , does n't it ?
of course we 're very wedded to this notion . it goes right across into politics and [people in charge] , does n't it ?

Very few erm Continental countries would consider entrusting the administration of justice erm to erm people who took an afternoon or a day off work every week or so and went in to sit on the Bench .
very few erm continental countries would consider entrusting the [people in charge] of justice erm to erm people who took an afternoon or a day off work every week or so and went in to sit on the bench .

Privately , it 's believed Washington put great pressure on President Chamorro to rid herself of remnants of the Sandinista administration .
privately , it 's believed washington put great pressure on president chamorro to rid herself of remnants of the sandinista [people in charge] .

The leading Republican Senator , Robert Dole caused uproar in Israel when he suggested this money should n't be taken for granted , but there 's no sign the Bush administration is prepared to use this muscle .
the leading republican senator , robert dole caused uproar in israel when he suggested this money should n't be taken for granted , but there 's no sign the bush [people in charge] is prepared to use this muscle .

On the other hand there 's a certain inertia principle operating , it is always easier for an administration to do less than to do more in dealing with the Middle East , and especially with the central Palestine problem .
on the other hand there 's a certain inertia principle operating , it is always easier for an [people in charge] to do less than to do more in dealing with the middle east , and especially with the central palestine problem .

In their encampment in the square , the hunger strikers said they would continue their protest against a new administration they describe as merely the old regime under a different name .
in their encampment in the square , the hunger strikers said they would continue their protest against a new [people in charge] they describe as merely the old regime under a different name .

If the government opts to include these former guerrillas in a National Unity Administration ; the President will be free to concentrate efforts on dealing with the cocaine traffickers .
if the government opts to include these former guerrillas in a national unity [people in charge] ; the president will be free to concentrate efforts on dealing with the cocaine traffickers .

But in the drugs capital of Medilline , the daily killings continue , the drug cartels are reportedly planning a fresh offensive , before the new administration can tighten its grip on the country .
but in the drugs capital of medilline , the daily killings continue , the drug cartels are reportedly planning a fresh offensive , before the new [people in charge] can tighten its grip on the country .

The charter is part of a continuing modernisation of the distribution division that has included the reorganisation of the previous five administration regions into four .
the charter is part of a continuing modernisation of the distribution division that has included the reorganisation of the previous five [people in charge] regions into four .

In 1981 , at the request of the Department of Administration , the Readers ' Services Division of the National Library of Scotland conducted a Survey , the object of which was to obtain information about visitors to the Library 's Exhibition Room , and about their response to the exhibitions which they saw .
in 1981 , at the request of the department of [people in charge] , the readers ' services division of the national library of scotland conducted a survey , the object of which was to obtain information about visitors to the library 's exhibition room , and about their response to the exhibitions which they saw .

The administration 's minority party has put off a decision whether to withdraw support for Prime Minister Albert Reynolds .
the [people in charge] 's minority party has put off a decision whether to withdraw support for prime minister albert reynolds .

The inquiry provided the arena last month for Mr Reynolds ' allegation of dishonesty against his then cabinet colleague , and Progressive Democrats party leader , Des O'Malley a remark which finally shattered the fragile coalition administration .
the inquiry provided the arena last month for mr reynolds ' allegation of dishonesty against his then cabinet colleague , and progressive democrats party leader , des o'malley a remark which finally shattered the fragile coalition [people in charge] .

PRESIDENT-elect Bill Clinton kept a careful distance from world problems yesterday as he worked with aides to plan the administration that will take over the world 's most powerful country when he takes the oath of office on January 20 .
president-elect bill clinton kept a careful distance from world problems yesterday as he worked with aides to plan the [people in charge] that will take over the world 's most powerful country when he takes the oath of office on january 20 .

Clinton will spend the next few days meeting a wide range of individuals but will not announce any appointments to his administration until he feels comfortable , said spokeswoman DeeDee Myers .
clinton will spend the next few days meeting a wide range of individuals but will not announce any appointments to his [people in charge] until he feels comfortable , said spokeswoman deedee myers .

Management and administration of the National Debt
management and [people in charge] of the national debt

Colin added :  We will be used as a purchasing arm by British Gas , right down to fairly small items , which takes away much of the administration burden from them . 
colin added :  we will be used as a purchasing arm by british gas , right down to fairly small items , which takes away much of the [people in charge] burden from them . 

The administration of the Scheme is handled , confidentially , by the Trust Office .
the [people in charge] of the scheme is handled , confidentially , by the trust office .

Also key to commercial success has been Buckhaven 's dedication to meeting the exacting standards of the American Food and Drug Administration , the pharmaceutical industry 's watchdog on quality .
also key to commercial success has been buckhaven 's dedication to meeting the exacting standards of the american food and drug [people in charge] , the pharmaceutical industry 's watchdog on quality .

It does , however , need much pre-planning and administration , which is probably the reason why competitions tend to be aimed at the national level , and involve high value prizes such as holidays and cars , so that consumer response is great enough to cover the costs of the promotion .
it does , however , need much pre-planning and [people in charge] , which is probably the reason why competitions tend to be aimed at the national level , and involve high value prizes such as holidays and cars , so that consumer response is great enough to cover the costs of the promotion .

Kevin Murray , administration manager of the hostel , said  The idea came from Carolyn who proposed we adopt a special school and Warren School was the most local .
kevin murray , [people in charge] manager of the hostel , said  the idea came from carolyn who proposed we adopt a special school and warren school was the most local .

Er , you know when they said we had to pay two hundred and fifty one for er , administration and search and survey .
er , you know when they said we had to pay two hundred and fifty one for er , [people in charge] and search and survey .

This book would not be complete without a glance at a place where , more than any other , the ideals of colonial administration and administrative reality appeared to exist in harmony together  those rolling grasslands of the Great Rift Valley , on either side of the border between Kenya and Tanganyika , where lived the people who more than any other fascinated the Europeans who came to East Africa : the Masai .
this book would not be complete without a glance at a place where , more than any other , the ideals of colonial [people in charge] and administrative reality appeared to exist in harmony together  those rolling grasslands of the great rift valley , on either side of the border between kenya and tanganyika , where lived the people who more than any other fascinated the europeans who came to east africa : the masai .

In Tanganyika there were few settlers in the country , no evident injuries had been done , and the Masai , with their conspicuous but unbelligerent attachment to their traditional way of life , were perceived from the start simply as a rather interesting problem in administration .
in tanganyika there were few settlers in the country , no evident injuries had been done , and the masai , with their conspicuous but unbelligerent attachment to their traditional way of life , were perceived from the start simply as a rather interesting problem in [people in charge] .

He did not enumerate them , but it is not hard to reconstruct them from the records of over half a century of Masai administration .
he did not enumerate them , but it is not hard to reconstruct them from the records of over half a century of masai [people in charge] .

The Masai were elusive , even when constantly told they had nothing to fear , and consequently the British administration found itself engaged for fifty years in a ceaseless struggle to impose on them some measure of control .
the masai were elusive , even when constantly told they had nothing to fear , and consequently the british [people in charge] found itself engaged for fifty years in a ceaseless struggle to impose on them some measure of control .

Almost everything done by the administration in Masailand had as one of its objects greater control over the Masai .
almost everything done by the [people in charge] in masailand had as one of its objects greater control over the masai .

The association of water conservation measures with improved administrative control was apparent from the earliest days of Masai administration , and though it became fashionable in later years to talk about  anchoring  the Masai for development purposes , administrative convenience was always a powerful interest :  the Masai have , in my view , two outstanding needs  , wrote the Provincial Commissioner of the Northern Province of Tanganyika in 1950   water and discipline  .
the association of water conservation measures with improved administrative control was apparent from the earliest days of masai [people in charge] , and though it became fashionable in later years to talk about  anchoring  the masai for development purposes , administrative convenience was always a powerful interest :  the masai have , in my view , two outstanding needs  , wrote the provincial commissioner of the northern province of tanganyika in 1950   water and discipline  .

Though incapable of grasping the subtleties of indirect administration , Murrells was not wanting in the ambition to control .
though incapable of grasping the subtleties of indirect [people in charge] , murrells was not wanting in the ambition to control .

Control was merely the essential prerequisite to constructive administration .
control was merely the essential prerequisite to constructive [people in charge] .

Debt-collection became one of the administration 's chief activities , until the balance was taken over by the Native Treasury in 1935 , and finally discharged in 1944 .
debt-collection became one of the [people in charge] 's chief activities , until the balance was taken over by the native treasury in 1935 , and finally discharged in 1944 .

Was it surprising that the Masai preferred to stick to their own way of doing things ? They generally co-operated with the administration to the extent of providing money for the latest schemes ; participation , of course , was another matter .
was it surprising that the masai preferred to stick to their own way of doing things ? they generally co-operated with the [people in charge] to the extent of providing money for the latest schemes ; participation , of course , was another matter .

Forced labour was indeed the form taken by the administration 's next major effort to deal with what had become known as the moran problem .
forced labour was indeed the form taken by the [people in charge] 's next major effort to deal with what had become known as the moran problem .

Policy was now to allow the moran to form manyattas  and then to exercise control over them , and to use up their surplus energy in making them work  , the theory being that if the moran were in manyattas , at least the administration knew where they were .
policy was now to allow the moran to form manyattas  and then to exercise control over them , and to use up their surplus energy in making them work  , the theory being that if the moran were in manyattas , at least the [people in charge] knew where they were .

Though the archival evidence shows that if the Masai did not change it was not for want of trying on the part of the administration , it was convenient in some quarters to suppose that it was .
though the archival evidence shows that if the masai did not change it was not for want of trying on the part of the [people in charge] , it was convenient in some quarters to suppose that it was .

There were two groups in East Africa who had a direct interest in discrediting Masai administration and suggesting that officials were  soft  on the Masai : these were , most importantly , the white settlers who wanted Masai land for farming , and enthusiasts for wildlife conservation who wanted the Masai driven out of areas where their interests were believed to conflict with those of game .
there were two groups in east africa who had a direct interest in discrediting masai [people in charge] and suggesting that officials were  soft  on the masai : these were , most importantly , the white settlers who wanted masai land for farming , and enthusiasts for wildlife conservation who wanted the masai driven out of areas where their interests were believed to conflict with those of game .

He gave it as his opinion in 1926 , shortly before Browne 's inglorious departure , that the current state of affairs in Masai District represented  indirect administration in its purest form  , and thought this happy circumstance could mostly be credited to Browne , whom the Masai  greatly respect and honour  .
he gave it as his opinion in 1926 , shortly before browne 's inglorious departure , that the current state of affairs in masai district represented  indirect [people in charge] in its purest form  , and thought this happy circumstance could mostly be credited to browne , whom the masai  greatly respect and honour  .

In 1935 , after the Murrells dbcle and the dawning realization that very little which could be described as administration had gone on in Masai District , the Tanganyika government did in fact begin to give some serious thought to the type of man which should be sent there .
in 1935 , after the murrells dbcle and the dawning realization that very little which could be described as [people in charge] had gone on in masai district , the tanganyika government did in fact begin to give some serious thought to the type of man which should be sent there .

 And no one in the administration ever  such is the unfairness of life  quite achieved the renown achieved by Lord Delamere as a great white father to the Masai .
 and no one in the [people in charge] ever  such is the unfairness of life  quite achieved the renown achieved by lord delamere as a great white father to the masai .

The administration was always discomposed by evidence of Masai unfaithfulness , reacting to it with pained surprise if not outright disbelief .
the [people in charge] was always discomposed by evidence of masai unfaithfulness , reacting to it with pained surprise if not outright disbelief .

 Fighting manyattas  were formed at the request of the administration in 1955 , and a  renaissance of the Masai fighting spirit of old  was detected .
 fighting manyattas  were formed at the request of the [people in charge] in 1955 , and a  renaissance of the masai fighting spirit of old  was detected .

But by 1954 it was confidentially estimated by the Narok administration that at least 85 per cent of the Masai living on the Mau , Melili and the plains had taken the Mau Mau oath .
but by 1954 it was confidentially estimated by the narok [people in charge] that at least 85 per cent of the masai living on the mau , melili and the plains had taken the mau mau oath .

Nevertheless , it was necessary to attempt do so : the alternative was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .
nevertheless , it was necessary to attempt do so : the alternative was to confess that the [people in charge] had failed where it most wanted to succeed .

We can now address ourselves to that much discussed but much misunderstood phenomenon of British.imperial thinking in the early decades of the twentieth century , the glorification of  Indirect Rule  and its elevation into an official doctrine of imperial administration .
we can now address ourselves to that much discussed but much misunderstood phenomenon of british.imperial thinking in the early decades of the twentieth century , the glorification of  indirect rule  and its elevation into an official doctrine of imperial [people in charge] .

Malaya , the princely states of India , Fiji , Natal , the Gambia , had all experienced some form of indirect administration .
malaya , the princely states of india , fiji , natal , the gambia , had all experienced some form of indirect [people in charge] .

Nor was Britain the only colonial power to incorporate existing native rulers into a system of colonial administration .
nor was britain the only colonial power to incorporate existing native rulers into a system of colonial [people in charge] .

Blessed for a military man with unusual fluency with the pen , Lugard brought to this task a literary energy and a crusading passion which seem to have mesmerized those who heard him into believing that a discovery of the first importance in the field of imperial administration had just been made .
blessed for a military man with unusual fluency with the pen , lugard brought to this task a literary energy and a crusading passion which seem to have mesmerized those who heard him into believing that a discovery of the first importance in the field of imperial [people in charge] had just been made .

Yet nothing could be more surprising than that Sir Frederick Lugard should have been the father of Indirect Rule , a system of administration supposedly distinguished by the judicious delegation of authority .
yet nothing could be more surprising than that sir frederick lugard should have been the father of indirect rule , a system of [people in charge] supposedly distinguished by the judicious delegation of authority .

So obsessed was he with the details of administration that he saw nothing inappropriate , while Governor-General of Nigeria , in personally composing a memorandum on the issue of chamber pots to second-class administrative officers : he was , he said , against it .
so obsessed was he with the details of [people in charge] that he saw nothing inappropriate , while governor-general of nigeria , in personally composing a memorandum on the issue of chamber pots to second-class administrative officers : he was , he said , against it .

At a period when Residents had no clerks and were lucky if they possessed a typewriter , Lugard was listing some thirty different sets of records which either had to be kept or sent in , dealing with every conceivable aspect of a fully developed civil administration from postal matters to canoe registration .
at a period when residents had no clerks and were lucky if they possessed a typewriter , lugard was listing some thirty different sets of records which either had to be kept or sent in , dealing with every conceivable aspect of a fully developed civil [people in charge] from postal matters to canoe registration .

He seems to have decided long before assuming responsibility for the government of Northern Nigeria that in general some form of indirect administration was  in accordance with the spirit of British colonial rule  , which was benevolent and not  arbitrary and despotic  .
he seems to have decided long before assuming responsibility for the government of northern nigeria that in general some form of indirect [people in charge] was  in accordance with the spirit of british colonial rule  , which was benevolent and not  arbitrary and despotic  .

Lugard was later to develop a more elaborate reconciliation of the moral with the amoral aspects of imperialism in The Dual Mandate in British Tropical Africa , written after he was removed from the daily turmoil of administration and in retirement in England .
lugard was later to develop a more elaborate reconciliation of the moral with the amoral aspects of imperialism in the dual mandate in british tropical africa , written after he was removed from the daily turmoil of [people in charge] and in retirement in england .

It was not unknown in Nigeria for emirs to be removed from office by the British , but only when they committed crimes which brought discredit upon the administration , never for mere recalcitrance .
it was not unknown in nigeria for emirs to be removed from office by the british , but only when they committed crimes which brought discredit upon the [people in charge] , never for mere recalcitrance .

The duties of a Resident , Temple asseverated , were such as to give  opportunities for the exertion of any degree of administrative capacity , tact , and industry  , and , amplifying :  It may readily be supposed that this keeping in touch with the people without impairing the authority of the Emir and consequently of the whole native administration , is no easy task , and one on which any amount of administrative tact and ability can be exerted .
the duties of a resident , temple asseverated , were such as to give  opportunities for the exertion of any degree of administrative capacity , tact , and industry  , and , amplifying :  it may readily be supposed that this keeping in touch with the people without impairing the authority of the emir and consequently of the whole native [people in charge] , is no easy task , and one on which any amount of administrative tact and ability can be exerted .

Furse had no personal experience of imperial administration , and until he began the series of journeys associated with his work of recruitment , had seen nothing of the empire apart from a brief visit to Ceylon .
furse had no personal experience of imperial [people in charge] , and until he began the series of journeys associated with his work of recruitment , had seen nothing of the empire apart from a brief visit to ceylon .

During his controversial governorships of Tanganyika ( 192531 ) and Nigeria ( 19315 ) , Cameron developed a system of Indirect Rule  or indirect administration , as he preferred to call it  based wherever possible on local native councils supervised openly but supposedly tactfully by British administrators .
during his controversial governorships of tanganyika ( 192531 ) and nigeria ( 19315 ) , cameron developed a system of indirect rule  or indirect [people in charge] , as he preferred to call it  based wherever possible on local native councils supervised openly but supposedly tactfully by british administrators .

But his enthusiasm for system led him too easily to assume that a native administration duly gazetted was a native administration actually functioning as a responsible organ of local government , and this set a limit to his achievements in reform .
but his enthusiasm for system led him too easily to assume that a native [people in charge] duly gazetted was a native [people in charge] actually functioning as a responsible organ of local government , and this set a limit to his achievements in reform .

The high-water mark of bureaucratic efficiency in British administration arrived during the viceroyalty of Lord Curzon , from 1899 to 1905 .
the high-water mark of bureaucratic efficiency in british [people in charge] arrived during the viceroyalty of lord curzon , from 1899 to 1905 .

an active side of imposing responsibility on the local peoples  We can only teach them how by forcing them to try , while we stand by and give advice . This is not for us less honourable than administration : indeed it is more exacting for it is simple to give orders , but
an active side of imposing responsibility on the local peoples  we can only teach them how by forcing them to try , while we stand by and give advice . this is not for us less honourable than [people in charge] : indeed it is more exacting for it is simple to give orders , but

Quite possibly another administration than a British one , less morally aspiring and less legally punctilious , would have arranged for him a quiet accident , or a fatal incarceration .
quite possibly another [people in charge] than a british one , less morally aspiring and less legally punctilious , would have arranged for him a quiet accident , or a fatal incarceration .

However , he did not discount the possibility that larger agitations based on  racial consciousness  might arise , and these he felt could only be forestalled by making appropriate changes in the structure of administration .
however , he did not discount the possibility that larger agitations based on  racial consciousness  might arise , and these he felt could only be forestalled by making appropriate changes in the structure of [people in charge] .

With respect to other aspects of colonial administration , his proposals were a little bolder .
with respect to other aspects of colonial [people in charge] , his proposals were a little bolder .

Antibacterial treatments can take the form of baths , external application to affected areas , injection and oral administration via the food .
antibacterial treatments can take the form of baths , external application to affected areas , injection and oral [people in charge] via the food .

 You name it , we 've fund it ,  says Mike Wadsley , secretary of the Institute of Trading Standards Administration 's quality standards committee .
 you name it , we 've fund it ,  says mike wadsley , secretary of the institute of trading standards [people in charge] 's quality standards committee .

The  dig  carried out in 1984 brought to light what could have been the main centre of administration in Anglo-Saxon times and could well have been the site for the ancient  Dic Ring  from which Dickering got its name .
the  dig  carried out in 1984 brought to light what could have been the main centre of [people in charge] in anglo-saxon times and could well have been the site for the ancient  dic ring  from which dickering got its name .

The acute situation , however , can be visualized as being one in which repeated assaults are being inflicted , requiring repeated administration of the appropriate remedy to re-balance the system .
the acute situation , however , can be visualized as being one in which repeated assaults are being inflicted , requiring repeated [people in charge] of the appropriate remedy to re-balance the system .

His subjects were business administration and German .
his subjects were business [people in charge] and german .

But any hopes of seeing the Springboks were , however , dashed when the Republic 's two rugby bodies failed to unite under a sole administration in time .
but any hopes of seeing the springboks were , however , dashed when the republic 's two rugby bodies failed to unite under a sole [people in charge] in time .

The second , more important slippage , is that the administration of criminal justice is fine in principle , but is failing slightly in practice .
the second , more important slippage , is that the [people in charge] of criminal justice is fine in principle , but is failing slightly in practice .

Thus Conklin , reiterating the President 's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice , writes that :
thus conklin , reiterating the president 's commission on law enforcement and [people in charge] of justice , writes that :

To the extent that politics and government administration become more corrupt , then to that extent will men and women of high principle find entry into politics repugnant .
to the extent that politics and government [people in charge] become more corrupt , then to that extent will men and women of high principle find entry into politics repugnant .

In America , there are the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , the Food and Drug Administration , Fair Employment Practices Commission , Securities and Exchange Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency .
in america , there are the occupational safety and health [people in charge] , the food and drug [people in charge] , fair employment practices commission , securities and exchange commission , the environmental protection agency .

Some of them were bigwigs in the administration of the islands .
some of them were bigwigs in the [people in charge] of the islands .

 How many times do you punish a man for speaking the truth ? That could be on cricket administration 's conscience for years to come . 
 how many times do you punish a man for speaking the truth ? that could be on cricket [people in charge] 's conscience for years to come . 

Because a team of National Aeronautical Space Administration experts in New York has discovered a link between the eruptions and a cooling down of the average global temperature .
because a team of national aeronautical space [people in charge] experts in new york has discovered a link between the eruptions and a cooling down of the average global temperature .

Selective annotated bibliographies address clinical and professional topics ranging from individualised care planning to drug administration , safe handling skills , wound management , the nurse 's role in cardiopulmonary resuscitation and many other more specialised skills .
selective annotated bibliographies address clinical and professional topics ranging from individualised care planning to drug [people in charge] , safe handling skills , wound management , the nurse 's role in cardiopulmonary resuscitation and many other more specialised skills .

Skills required for safe drug administration and management .
skills required for safe drug [people in charge] and management .

Murphy is a big fan of Australia rugby and its administration .
murphy is a big fan of australia rugby and its [people in charge] .

The head office was responsible for company administration and the regional offices dealt with administration for the firm 's 40 sales outlets .
the head office was responsible for company [people in charge] and the regional offices dealt with [people in charge] for the firm 's 40 sales outlets .

The types of contracts being marketed had changed too and required faster administration .
the types of contracts being marketed had changed too and required faster [people in charge] .

The Reagan Administration has shown some willingness significantly to qualify these dismal and heavily criticised strategic ideas .
the reagan [people in charge] has shown some willingness significantly to qualify these dismal and heavily criticised strategic ideas .

The increasingly open texture of regulation ( Atiyah , 1985 ) , already analysed by Neumann in the 1930s ( Neumann , 1985 ) , allows wider discretion to , and purposive interpretation by , the administration and the courts who turn  in a selective way  to the views of those subject to these rules as guides to decision-making .
the increasingly open texture of regulation ( atiyah , 1985 ) , already analysed by neumann in the 1930s ( neumann , 1985 ) , allows wider discretion to , and purposive interpretation by , the [people in charge] and the courts who turn  in a selective way  to the views of those subject to these rules as guides to decision-making .

The question again is whether we can develop a satisfactory theory of the law and the legal system , or whether we must be both more general  taking into account the role that institutions such as family , church , schools , media , police , army , economy , play  and more specific  differentiating the different legal arenas such as courts , administration , police , prisons , etc ?
the question again is whether we can develop a satisfactory theory of the law and the legal system , or whether we must be both more general  taking into account the role that institutions such as family , church , schools , media , police , army , economy , play  and more specific  differentiating the different legal arenas such as courts , [people in charge] , police , prisons , etc ?

This has been characterised by Kamenka and Tay in terms of one of three great paradigms of social ideology , social organisation , law and administration , which they call the gesellschaft model of society .
this has been characterised by kamenka and tay in terms of one of three great paradigms of social ideology , social organisation , law and [people in charge] , which they call the gesellschaft model of society .

As a result , the vast extension of government administration into so many fields formerly subject to private determination has outgrown the capacity of traditional judicial machinery to subject it to control .
as a result , the vast extension of government [people in charge] into so many fields formerly subject to private determination has outgrown the capacity of traditional judicial machinery to subject it to control .

It has been suggested that the President will instruct the Attorney General to appear for the defence in any trial of Dr Proctor , so important is the doctor 's contribution to the administration considered to be .
it has been suggested that the president will instruct the attorney general to appear for the defence in any trial of dr proctor , so important is the doctor 's contribution to the [people in charge] considered to be .

Governments today undertake responsibility for the discharge of a vast and complex range of functions  from the organisation and administration of the armed services to the provision of education for persons of all ages .
governments today undertake responsibility for the discharge of a vast and complex range of functions  from the organisation and [people in charge] of the armed services to the provision of education for persons of all ages .

Each of these Ministries will , in turn , have separate branches each charged with the administration of a particular facet of the Ministry 's affairs .
each of these ministries will , in turn , have separate branches each charged with the [people in charge] of a particular facet of the ministry 's affairs .

Notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions  from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases  on the ground   it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .
notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions  from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases  on the ground   it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual [people in charge] at different levels on a geographical basis .

If we take as the distinguishing feature of devolution , as compared with deconcentration , the fact that it involves the removal of direct control by any of the organs of central government over the administration of the devolved powers , then two quite distinct types of devolution require recognition .
if we take as the distinguishing feature of devolution , as compared with deconcentration , the fact that it involves the removal of direct control by any of the organs of central government over the [people in charge] of the devolved powers , then two quite distinct types of devolution require recognition .

When , in a similar situation in 1947 , the House of Lords threatened to block the steel nationalisation programme of the Labour administration , to the maximum extent permitted by the 1911 Act , that government responded by curbing its powers still further , by forcing through the Parliament Act 1949 .
when , in a similar situation in 1947 , the house of lords threatened to block the steel nationalisation programme of the labour [people in charge] , to the maximum extent permitted by the 1911 act , that government responded by curbing its powers still further , by forcing through the parliament act 1949 .

Had the House of Lords retained the power to block the Commons utterly , and particularly had it not been possible for the Labour administration of 194551 force through its nationalisation policies by using the Parliament Act procedure to amend the 1911 Act , it is likely that the House of Lords would have been abolished .
had the house of lords retained the power to block the commons utterly , and particularly had it not been possible for the labour [people in charge] of 194551 force through its nationalisation policies by using the parliament act procedure to amend the 1911 act , it is likely that the house of lords would have been abolished .

There are enormous pressures on the time of the Administration and Commons and it is not always possible to give to Bills the leisured consideration desirable for good drafting and effective debate .
there are enormous pressures on the time of the [people in charge] and commons and it is not always possible to give to bills the leisured consideration desirable for good drafting and effective debate .

It illustrates that the main bulwark thrown up by the United Kingdom constitution against oppressive laws is not that Parliament is rendered unable to pass them , but that democratic procedures , principled administration and measure of common sense are accommodated within it .
it illustrates that the main bulwark thrown up by the united kingdom constitution against oppressive laws is not that parliament is rendered unable to pass them , but that democratic procedures , principled [people in charge] and measure of common sense are accommodated within it .

In terms of practical day-to-day administration , which is substantial and significant , the Commission is effectively in charge , but its activities are , in the end , prescribed by the Council .
in terms of practical day-to-day [people in charge] , which is substantial and significant , the commission is effectively in charge , but its activities are , in the end , prescribed by the council .

But the plague returned to France in 1361 , and the devastation it imposed , coupled with the laxity and incompetence of the English administration , weakened the English grip on its French territories .
but the plague returned to france in 1361 , and the devastation it imposed , coupled with the laxity and incompetence of the english [people in charge] , weakened the english grip on its french territories .

To the north the view was dominated by the huge bulk of the power station , the low-roofed administration block with , behind it , the reactor building and the great steel , aluminium-clad building of the turbine house .
to the north the view was dominated by the huge bulk of the power station , the low-roofed [people in charge] block with , behind it , the reactor building and the great steel , aluminium-clad building of the turbine house .

Weightman and Bullen Ltd were appointed by the Governors to undertake the re-development of the St. Vincent Road site with a brief , which in addition to the specialist and general teaching requirements , incorporated the need for essential modifications , specifically , increased staff accommodation/toilets , improved Administration facilities and a general improvement in pupil toilet provision , to cater for the increased population of the School .
weightman and bullen ltd were appointed by the governors to undertake the re-development of the st. vincent road site with a brief , which in addition to the specialist and general teaching requirements , incorporated the need for essential modifications , specifically , increased staff accommodation/toilets , improved [people in charge] facilities and a general improvement in pupil toilet provision , to cater for the increased population of the school .

The ground floor of this block was modified to improve the administration facilities , incorporating the Headmaster and Deputy Headteacher 's Rooms , Waiting Area , General Office , Cloak Room and reconstructed Toilet facilities .
the ground floor of this block was modified to improve the [people in charge] facilities , incorporating the headmaster and deputy headteacher 's rooms , waiting area , general office , cloak room and reconstructed toilet facilities .

When Edouard left Oxford , and returned to France to begin work on the administration of the de Chavigny companies and estates , he was appalled by what he found .
when edouard left oxford , and returned to france to begin work on the [people in charge] of the de chavigny companies and estates , he was appalled by what he found .

 That seemed to sum up Robinson 's attitude when , within weeks of becoming  Lord High Everything  in the playing administration , he gladly handed over many of his responsibilities to a new team manager , Mike Hendrick .
 that seemed to sum up robinson 's attitude when , within weeks of becoming  lord high everything  in the playing [people in charge] , he gladly handed over many of his responsibilities to a new team manager , mike hendrick .

The occasional aberration in judgment aside , the curbing regulation has been not merely a success but possibly the finest piece of administration in modern times .
the occasional aberration in judgment aside , the curbing regulation has been not merely a success but possibly the finest piece of [people in charge] in modern times .

He suggests therefore that perhaps the return of a third successive Conservative administration might not lead to a widening of social class inequalities .
he suggests therefore that perhaps the return of a third successive conservative [people in charge] might not lead to a widening of social class inequalities .

As has been noted , signs of a more active interest of central government in the school curriculum were apparent under the Labour administration in the 1970s .
as has been noted , signs of a more active interest of central government in the school curriculum were apparent under the labour [people in charge] in the 1970s .

He quotes a number of examples in illustration , which include the administration of cannabis by teenage babysitters ( Schwartz et al .
he quotes a number of examples in illustration , which include the [people in charge] of cannabis by teenage babysitters ( schwartz et al .

In general , it is impossible to measure the economic cost of our system of administration .
in general , it is impossible to measure the economic cost of our system of [people in charge] .

During the period under review the top cadres of business and government administration have been drawn predominantly from similar social and educational backgrounds .
during the period under review the top cadres of business and government [people in charge] have been drawn predominantly from similar social and educational backgrounds .

It is a matter of public record that when a certain accident occurred only one day after the political pendulum had swung over and a new administration had taken office , an irate member of parliament demanded to know why the government had not taken steps to prevent such things taking place .
it is a matter of public record that when a certain accident occurred only one day after the political pendulum had swung over and a new [people in charge] had taken office , an irate member of parliament demanded to know why the government had not taken steps to prevent such things taking place .

The administration 's record to date on trade , however , was delicately criticised .
the [people in charge] 's record to date on trade , however , was delicately criticised .

3Com Corp has enhanced its NETBuilder family of internetworking products with features intended to simplify network administration , improve wide area networking links and add new wide area network services for remote internetworking .
3com corp has enhanced its netbuilder family of internetworking products with features intended to simplify network [people in charge] , improve wide area networking links and add new wide area network services for remote internetworking .

Despite earlier statements , both public and private , by members of the new right-leaning administration in France that they had no intention of making any immediate change in France Telecom 's status , the government told the telephone operator 's board of directors meeting last week to consider spinning off its mobile telecommunications business and opening it up to international investment .
despite earlier statements , both public and private , by members of the new right-leaning [people in charge] in france that they had no intention of making any immediate change in france telecom 's status , the government told the telephone operator 's board of directors meeting last week to consider spinning off its mobile telecommunications business and opening it up to international investment .

Each quarter is divided into four modules of one week each , consisting of intensive teaching and guest lectures by personnel in public energy administration and the energy industry .
each quarter is divided into four modules of one week each , consisting of intensive teaching and guest lectures by personnel in public energy [people in charge] and the energy industry .

You 've no worries about equipment , administration , staffing or supplies .
you 've no worries about equipment , [people in charge] , staffing or supplies .

The many changes required by legislation to contracts and the computer systems stretched the company 's administration capacity in 1988 and 1989 .
the many changes required by legislation to contracts and the computer systems stretched the company 's [people in charge] capacity in 1988 and 1989 .

Because they saw the Pope as the Antichrist of the Book of Revelation and the Roman Catholics as apostates , they fiercely attacked all Church of England rites and ceremonies which followed those of Rome , including its set prayers , its administration of the Sacraments , the use of altars instead of tables , its celebrations of saints ' days , its music and its vestments .
because they saw the pope as the antichrist of the book of revelation and the roman catholics as apostates , they fiercely attacked all church of england rites and ceremonies which followed those of rome , including its set prayers , its [people in charge] of the sacraments , the use of altars instead of tables , its celebrations of saints ' days , its music and its vestments .

Airborne geophysical data , mainly radiometric , acquired over parts of Ethiopia and Uganda more than twenty years ago , have been digitised as part of a project funded by the Overseas Development Administration .
airborne geophysical data , mainly radiometric , acquired over parts of ethiopia and uganda more than twenty years ago , have been digitised as part of a project funded by the overseas development [people in charge] .

Study Business Administration , Commercial Art , Fashion Design , Merchandising and Interior Design .
study business [people in charge] , commercial art , fashion design , merchandising and interior design .

The British also used the well-worn principle of divide and rule to run the country  keeping the Chinese and Indian settlers in Malaya from joining the Civil Service and administration which ran the country while nurturing the traditional ruling class to one day take over .
the british also used the well-worn principle of divide and rule to run the country  keeping the chinese and indian settlers in malaya from joining the civil service and [people in charge] which ran the country while nurturing the traditional ruling class to one day take over .

Mrs Mawdsley then asked administration manager Dave McCreary if she could take two weeks ' annual leave and a week 's unpaid leave to go on holiday .
mrs mawdsley then asked [people in charge] manager dave mccreary if she could take two weeks ' annual leave and a week 's unpaid leave to go on holiday .

This brings him back to another of Mr Major 's weekend promises , to give people more of a stake in their local administration :  If they are going to bring local government closer to people , it has got to be more responsive to the wishes of people , and less to the wishes of central Government .
this brings him back to another of mr major 's weekend promises , to give people more of a stake in their local [people in charge] :  if they are going to bring local government closer to people , it has got to be more responsive to the wishes of people , and less to the wishes of central government .

He suggested taking 240,000 out of council balances after criticising the ruling Liberal Democrat administration for spending right up to the Government 's capping limit .
he suggested taking 240,000 out of council balances after criticising the ruling liberal democrat [people in charge] for spending right up to the government 's capping limit .

Mr Smith asked :  Can you explain what you meant when you said you were in a minority in Lady Thatcher 's administration ? 
mr smith asked :  can you explain what you meant when you said you were in a minority in lady thatcher 's [people in charge] ? 

Yidana was transferred to administration detention in July 1988 .
yidana was transferred to [people in charge] detention in july 1988 .

But this week , the members of John Major 's new administration , whether reappointees or freshmen , will simply emit a long sigh of relief and satisfaction , and think of England ( or in a few cases , Scotland , Wales or Northern Ireland ) .
but this week , the members of john major 's new [people in charge] , whether reappointees or freshmen , will simply emit a long sigh of relief and satisfaction , and think of england ( or in a few cases , scotland , wales or northern ireland ) .

To stay in the Yugoslav federation would have meant surrendering any political power to an authoritarian , corrupt and nationalist administration in Belgrade .
to stay in the yugoslav federation would have meant surrendering any political power to an authoritarian , corrupt and nationalist [people in charge] in belgrade .

Numerous key Reagan administration figures were indicted for , and some convicted of , major offences ranging from violating federal ethics laws to perjury .
numerous key reagan [people in charge] figures were indicted for , and some convicted of , major offences ranging from violating federal ethics laws to perjury .

He had been almost three years in this post , the appointee of the new administration , and he knew he had done well , even though he had to succeed the incomparable Charles Price of the Reagan years .
he had been almost three years in this post , the appointee of the new [people in charge] , and he knew he had done well , even though he had to succeed the incomparable charles price of the reagan years .

The fall of the Kabul regime may , in fact , yield a rough version of the  national reconciliation  advocated by Najibullah , through a coalition of Tajik and other rebels with the main body of the regime 's armed forces and administration .
the fall of the kabul regime may , in fact , yield a rough version of the  national reconciliation  advocated by najibullah , through a coalition of tajik and other rebels with the main body of the regime 's armed forces and [people in charge] .

In 1947 , de Gaulle ended the purge and salvaged the remains of the administration .
in 1947 , de gaulle ended the purge and salvaged the remains of the [people in charge] .

The pain in Spain ! The underclass is striking ; the unions are united ; and the government has run out of ideas . Denis MacShane on the problems of trying to run a socialist administration
the pain in spain ! the underclass is striking ; the unions are united ; and the government has run out of ideas . denis macshane on the problems of trying to run a socialist [people in charge]

In due course , she entered government as the wife of the President of the Board of Trade in the first Labour administration ( where her social background came in useful advising less elegantly born wives on  clothes and curtseys  when visiting the Palace ) .
in due course , she entered government as the wife of the president of the board of trade in the first labour [people in charge] ( where her social background came in useful advising less elegantly born wives on  clothes and curtseys  when visiting the palace ) .

Like them , this official would be a lay person , and would be completely independent of all other bodies and agencies , The official would be known as the  Reporter  , and could be drawn from the legal profession , from amongst social work professionals , or perhaps from administration .
like them , this official would be a lay person , and would be completely independent of all other bodies and agencies , the official would be known as the  reporter  , and could be drawn from the legal profession , from amongst social work professionals , or perhaps from [people in charge] .

There followed correspondence between Mrs Kemp 's lawyer and Orkney Islands Council 's Director of Administration and Legal Services , Rowan McCallum .
there followed correspondence between mrs kemp 's lawyer and orkney islands council 's director of [people in charge] and legal services , rowan mccallum .

No further date was set for Mrs Kemp 's appeal in Orkney , despite monthly requests to the Chief Executive , Ron Gilbert , to the Council Convener , Jackie Tait , and to the Director of Administration and Legal Services , Rowan McCallum .
no further date was set for mrs kemp 's appeal in orkney , despite monthly requests to the chief executive , ron gilbert , to the council convener , jackie tait , and to the director of [people in charge] and legal services , rowan mccallum .

Eventually a reply came from the Islands ' Director of Administration and Legal Services , Rowan McCallum .
eventually a reply came from the islands ' director of [people in charge] and legal services , rowan mccallum .

The managing director , chief pilot , accounts , engineering and administration department are all based on Guernsey .
the managing director , chief pilot , accounts , engineering and [people in charge] department are all based on guernsey .

Today , under the leadership of Dr Alberto Joo Jardim , President of the Autonomous Regional Government , Madeira is responsible for most of the administration of affairs that affect the Region and can initiate legislation in certain areas .
today , under the leadership of dr alberto joo jardim , president of the autonomous regional government , madeira is responsible for most of the [people in charge] of affairs that affect the region and can initiate legislation in certain areas .

William Waldegrave has now been appointed his lieutenant in the grinding battle within Whitehall , against warriors who will doubtless counterattack with the saddest words of public administration :  We 've always done it this way .
william waldegrave has now been appointed his lieutenant in the grinding battle within whitehall , against warriors who will doubtless counterattack with the saddest words of public [people in charge] :  we 've always done it this way .

Assistance for business plans shall be made available to these businessmen by the Small Business Administration .
assistance for business plans shall be made available to these businessmen by the small business [people in charge] .

Additionally , the Small Business Administration will provide agents to help each business to develop a sound business plan from beginning to end .
additionally , the small business [people in charge] will provide agents to help each business to develop a sound business plan from beginning to end .

Brent Council : a minority Tory administration kept in power by the two-member  Democratic Labour Party  , two Africanist former Labour councillors , one of whom has publicly praised Idi Amin and is under investigation by the fraud squad .
brent council : a minority tory [people in charge] kept in power by the two-member  democratic labour party  , two africanist former labour councillors , one of whom has publicly praised idi amin and is under investigation by the fraud squad .

In the event of a coup d'tat or any other kind of change in government , the radio building is always one of the first to be visited by the new administration , brought under control , and used to signal to the rest of the country and the world beyond what has taken place .
in the event of a coup d'tat or any other kind of change in government , the radio building is always one of the first to be visited by the new [people in charge] , brought under control , and used to signal to the rest of the country and the world beyond what has taken place .

Similarly , the London-based Free Belgian administration broadcast from Lopoldville in what was then the Belgian Congo to German-occupied Belgium as the voice of its country 's legitimate government .
similarly , the london-based free belgian [people in charge] broadcast from lopoldville in what was then the belgian congo to german-occupied belgium as the voice of its country 's legitimate government .

The Director of Information in the colonial administration , Harry Franklin , started the Lusaka station in 1941 and ran it in his spare time .
the director of information in the colonial [people in charge] , harry franklin , started the lusaka station in 1941 and ran it in his spare time .

French was given priority in administration , education and broadcasting , little or no education being carried out in local languages .
french was given priority in [people in charge] , education and broadcasting , little or no education being carried out in local languages .

At independence , the powers of the Governor and his administration were transferred to the president and his Cabinet but , as we shall see , these powers were not judged to be sufficient .
at independence , the powers of the governor and his [people in charge] were transferred to the president and his cabinet but , as we shall see , these powers were not judged to be sufficient .

The Corporation was in charge of day-to-day administration  on my behalf  , but , he stated :
the corporation was in charge of day-to-day [people in charge]  on my behalf  , but , he stated :

There was never much doubt about which language the colonial rulers would use in local administration .
there was never much doubt about which language the colonial rulers would use in local [people in charge] .

The use of one language simplified administration , and it also simplified communication between Africans , which became increasingly important .
the use of one language simplified [people in charge] , and it also simplified communication between africans , which became increasingly important .

For a long time after independence , English was the language of the educated lite , just as it had largely been that of the colonial administration .
for a long time after independence , english was the language of the educated lite , just as it had largely been that of the colonial [people in charge] .

The Government promoted Swahili as a national language not only because it was useful in administration but also because it was seen as an instrument  for uniting the people of the nation 's different tribes  . Some attached an even greater importance to it :
the government promoted swahili as a national language not only because it was useful in [people in charge] but also because it was seen as an instrument  for uniting the people of the nation 's different tribes  . some attached an even greater importance to it :

While Engels attempts to meet this point by stating that  the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things  the meaning still remains unclear .
while engels attempts to meet this point by stating that  the government of persons is replaced by the [people in charge] of things  the meaning still remains unclear .

The income level which one needed to qualify to receive part of this tithe is unclear and would have most likely been decided by Levitical administration based on custom .
the income level which one needed to qualify to receive part of this tithe is unclear and would have most likely been decided by levitical [people in charge] based on custom .

In the case of a claim for bereavement in the Zeebrugge ferry disaster , Pannone and Napier explain that anomalous situations arise from the Administration of Justice Act 1982 , for example :
in the case of a claim for bereavement in the zeebrugge ferry disaster , pannone and napier explain that anomalous situations arise from the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 , for example :

obtaining an administration order .
obtaining an [people in charge] order .

An administration order is a means whereby the county court itself helps the debtor to organise his debts into a sensible order for payment .
an [people in charge] order is a means whereby the county court itself helps the debtor to organise his debts into a sensible order for payment .

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to company insolvency and winding up ( including the winding up on companies that are not insolvent , and of unregistered companies ) ; enactments relating to the insolvency and bankruptcy of individuals ; and other enactments bearing on those two subject matters , including the functions and qualification of insolvency practitioners , the public administration of insolvency , the penalisation and redress of malpractice and wrongdoing , and the avoidance of certain transactions at an undervalue .
an act to consolidate the enactments relating to company insolvency and winding up ( including the winding up on companies that are not insolvent , and of unregistered companies ) ; enactments relating to the insolvency and bankruptcy of individuals ; and other enactments bearing on those two subject matters , including the functions and qualification of insolvency practitioners , the public [people in charge] of insolvency , the penalisation and redress of malpractice and wrongdoing , and the avoidance of certain transactions at an undervalue .

Crossing the hospital courtyard which divided the maternity wing from the general wards and administration building , hearing over and over in his head the words they had gently but coldly told him , the announcement of his son 's death , leaving Lili asleep , carefully sedated , he had lifted his eyes and seen Rufus Fletcher .
crossing the hospital courtyard which divided the maternity wing from the general wards and [people in charge] building , hearing over and over in his head the words they had gently but coldly told him , the announcement of his son 's death , leaving lili asleep , carefully sedated , he had lifted his eyes and seen rufus fletcher .

In theory , Emerson 's brother Wilson Jr , or Wilsinho , was to look after the team 's administration and sponsorship .
in theory , emerson 's brother wilson jr , or wilsinho , was to look after the team 's [people in charge] and sponsorship .

There were no doctors in the villages and the town centres of government administration were far away .
there were no doctors in the villages and the town centres of government [people in charge] were far away .

He was experienced in government administration .
he was experienced in government [people in charge] .

After six months Pop was asked to return to Simla to help the Burma Governor , Dorman-Smith , as Director of Public Relations , and to help the Administration and the Army who were by this time getting ready to go back into Burma .
after six months pop was asked to return to simla to help the burma governor , dorman-smith , as director of public relations , and to help the [people in charge] and the army who were by this time getting ready to go back into burma .

Within Chester itself there is a significant amount of employment in the county administration , manufacturing and service industries , including over 7,000 employed in shops .
within chester itself there is a significant amount of employment in the county [people in charge] , manufacturing and service industries , including over 7,000 employed in shops .

The staff regarded the administration as  firm but fair  , and most seemed to appreciate what a younger and better educated workforce might have regarded as a somewhat paternalistic attitude .
the staff regarded the [people in charge] as  firm but fair  , and most seemed to appreciate what a younger and better educated workforce might have regarded as a somewhat paternalistic attitude .

Again , as in the Dee Hall the staff regarded his administration as  firm but fair  .
again , as in the dee hall the staff regarded his [people in charge] as  firm but fair  .

The pluses are that you speed up your cash flow , and the majority of your sales administration and collection work is done for you .
the pluses are that you speed up your cash flow , and the majority of your sales [people in charge] and collection work is done for you .

The Administration of Justice Act 1970 tells you what you ca n't do to recover your debts :
the [people in charge] of justice act 1970 tells you what you ca n't do to recover your debts :

From a practical point of view the cost of administration can often make interest charging and collecting more of a minus than a plus .
from a practical point of view the cost of [people in charge] can often make interest charging and collecting more of a minus than a plus .

Regardless of these , orders below a certain value are hard to justify in terms of collection and administration costs .
regardless of these , orders below a certain value are hard to justify in terms of collection and [people in charge] costs .

Their administration is in chaos and they do n't know who they owe or who owes them .
their [people in charge] is in chaos and they do n't know who they owe or who owes them .

His digital watch and the clock on the wall of the administration building foyer tallied at three precisely when Manville finally strolled in through the glass swing doors and headed for the reception desk .
his digital watch and the clock on the wall of the [people in charge] building foyer tallied at three precisely when manville finally strolled in through the glass swing doors and headed for the reception desk .

The sacred , almighty dollar , the solid bedrock of American administration , ever since Manhattan island was bought for a handful of beads .
the sacred , almighty dollar , the solid bedrock of american [people in charge] , ever since manhattan island was bought for a handful of beads .

 He flashed Vologsky a grin which was not returned , then shrugged , turned and walked back across the tarmac towards the administration buildings .
 he flashed vologsky a grin which was not returned , then shrugged , turned and walked back across the tarmac towards the [people in charge] buildings .

Fremont , California-based Independence Technologies Inc has announced iView Fast Track , its Unix-based software for tracking hardware/software and administration problems .
fremont , california-based independence technologies inc has announced iview fast track , its unix-based software for tracking hardware/software and [people in charge] problems .

Also in every shire one town at least , like the two latter examples , served as the focus for community affairs and local administration .
also in every shire one town at least , like the two latter examples , served as the focus for community affairs and local [people in charge] .

The administration of his estate took 22s .
the [people in charge] of his estate took 22s .

What finally got recorded may have depended on how much the individual chose to reveal to the constable , though in Coventry  thanks no doubt to the existence of a highly organised local administration  the citizens ' circumstances were thoroughly investigated .
what finally got recorded may have depended on how much the individual chose to reveal to the constable , though in coventry  thanks no doubt to the existence of a highly organised local [people in charge]  the citizens ' circumstances were thoroughly investigated .

, but this perhaps included services in connexion with the forest administration .
, but this perhaps included services in connexion with the forest [people in charge] .

consolidated itself as sovereign subject by defining its colonies as  Others  , even as it constituted them , for purposes of administration and the expansion of markets , into programmed near-images of that very sovereign self .
consolidated itself as sovereign subject by defining its colonies as  others  , even as it constituted them , for purposes of [people in charge] and the expansion of markets , into programmed near-images of that very sovereign self .

Sun has also signed up Tivoli Systems , 3Comm and the Strategic Software Group to add additional features to SunNet including system administration , security and configuration management .
sun has also signed up tivoli systems , 3comm and the strategic software group to add additional features to sunnet including system [people in charge] , security and configuration management .

It has been suggested that whereas political science tends to be mainly concerned with the machinery of government and the mechanisms of public administration , the sociological analysis of political phenomena is concerned with the wider interplay between politics and social structure , between political and societal processes ( Coser , 1966 ) .
it has been suggested that whereas political science tends to be mainly concerned with the machinery of government and the mechanisms of public [people in charge] , the sociological analysis of political phenomena is concerned with the wider interplay between politics and social structure , between political and societal processes ( coser , 1966 ) .

In fact , many political sociologists have paid scant attention to the formal institutions of government and administration , preferring instead to study the ways in which the formal is conditioned , even undermined or replaced by , the informal .
in fact , many political sociologists have paid scant attention to the formal institutions of government and [people in charge] , preferring instead to study the ways in which the formal is conditioned , even undermined or replaced by , the informal .

We looked at European history and traced the effects which the growth of specialised institutions of government and administration have had on women 's potential for political influence .
we looked at european history and traced the effects which the growth of specialised institutions of government and [people in charge] have had on women 's potential for political influence .

As Weber stressed , the new forms of political organisation were based on rational authority and the adoption of bureaucratic methods of administration .
as weber stressed , the new forms of political organisation were based on rational authority and the adoption of bureaucratic methods of [people in charge] .

In 1893 , it was found necessary to perform a minor operation on one of the inmates , for which the administration of  laughing gas  was required .
in 1893 , it was found necessary to perform a minor operation on one of the inmates , for which the [people in charge] of  laughing gas  was required .

With Dr. Goldsmith , she attended the meeting of the House Committee , and Mr. Kenealy , a member of the Board , referred to serious complaints about the administration of the sick wards .
with dr. goldsmith , she attended the meeting of the house committee , and mr. kenealy , a member of the board , referred to serious complaints about the [people in charge] of the sick wards .

The Bedford Area Committee , in addition to its responsibility for the administration of relief , had the job of visiting , inspecting , and managing what is now the North Wing of Bedford General Hospital .
the bedford area committee , in addition to its responsibility for the [people in charge] of relief , had the job of visiting , inspecting , and managing what is now the north wing of bedford general hospital .

The following extract from a Ministry of Health committee report in 1931 emphasises the contrast in the attitudes of those responsible for the administration of public assistance compared with those prevailing in the early days of the Bedford Union :   We see no objection to smoking being allowed at prescribed times and with reasonable precautions against fire .
the following extract from a ministry of health committee report in 1931 emphasises the contrast in the attitudes of those responsible for the [people in charge] of public assistance compared with those prevailing in the early days of the bedford union :   we see no objection to smoking being allowed at prescribed times and with reasonable precautions against fire .

The survey involved an analysis of all statutory assessment documentation as well as the administration of a detailed questionnaire to heads , class teachers and welfare assistants .
the survey involved an analysis of all statutory assessment documentation as well as the [people in charge] of a detailed questionnaire to heads , class teachers and welfare assistants .

Least time was spent on cleaning and administration and recording .
least time was spent on cleaning and [people in charge] and recording .

In academic psychology , black psychologists tend to work in administration , counselling , and  race'-related research , areas which traditionally lack status .
in academic psychology , black psychologists tend to work in [people in charge] , counselling , and  race'-related research , areas which traditionally lack status .

Men are more likely to be assessed on active behaviours like administration of electric shocks to an experimental confederate .
men are more likely to be assessed on active behaviours like [people in charge] of electric shocks to an experimental confederate .

The administration manager at Pricewell 's seemed to Anna very young .
the [people in charge] manager at pricewell 's seemed to anna very young .

Although slight changes have been made to covenant administration , the principle of committing yourself to giving , for four or more years , remains the same .
although slight changes have been made to covenant [people in charge] , the principle of committing yourself to giving , for four or more years , remains the same .

Normally , one of the following four types of investment policy is used : with profits , unit linked , deposit administration and non-profit .
normally , one of the following four types of investment policy is used : with profits , unit linked , deposit [people in charge] and non-profit .

Such contracts are in fact very similar to self-employed pension plans , with the same choice of vehicles : unit linked , deposit administration , with profits and non-profit .
such contracts are in fact very similar to self-employed pension plans , with the same choice of vehicles : unit linked , deposit [people in charge] , with profits and non-profit .

It will probably have been sold to you by an insurance broker or insurance company salesman and , at time of buying , you will have had a choice of four different types of investment policy : with profits , unit linked , deposit administration and non-profit policy .
it will probably have been sold to you by an insurance broker or insurance company salesman and , at time of buying , you will have had a choice of four different types of investment policy : with profits , unit linked , deposit [people in charge] and non-profit policy .

There are four different types of investment policy : with profits , unit linked , deposit administration and non-profit policies .
there are four different types of investment policy : with profits , unit linked , deposit [people in charge] and non-profit policies .

Deposits administration policies .
deposits [people in charge] policies .

In an extreme case such as Algeria , there might even be an almost complete formal assimilation of administration and government to the metropolitan structure .
in an extreme case such as algeria , there might even be an almost complete formal assimilation of [people in charge] and government to the metropolitan structure .

Elsewhere , only a sector of administration , such as the Chinese Customs or the Egyptian judiciary , would disseminate European influence .
elsewhere , only a sector of [people in charge] , such as the chinese customs or the egyptian judiciary , would disseminate european influence .

Russian monarchs traditionally considered the military , that is , the army , the closest to their heart among all branches of the administration .
russian monarchs traditionally considered the military , that is , the army , the closest to their heart among all branches of the [people in charge] .

There were doubtless all kinds of subtly poised relationships between the royal household and administration on the one hand and the temple priesthood and its administration on the other .
there were doubtless all kinds of subtly poised relationships between the royal household and [people in charge] on the one hand and the temple priesthood and its [people in charge] on the other .

The administration of each territory was finely tuned and certain aspects of it were recorded on clay tablets at the urban centres .
the [people in charge] of each territory was finely tuned and certain aspects of it were recorded on clay tablets at the urban centres .

The central administration of the temple , presumably the priesthood , redistributed the produce .
the central [people in charge] of the temple , presumably the priesthood , redistributed the produce .

The king , living in a residence apart from the temple , where  significantly  he is rarely , if ever , mentioned in the archives , probably had charge of the secular administration of the town and the surrounding territory as well as control over relations with other states on Crete and overseas .
the king , living in a residence apart from the temple , where  significantly  he is rarely , if ever , mentioned in the archives , probably had charge of the secular [people in charge] of the town and the surrounding territory as well as control over relations with other states on crete and overseas .

Apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , Unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .
apart from basic , but effective system [people in charge] facilities , unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .

For decades these latter had been infiltrating the administration and even the troopers .
for decades these latter had been infiltrating the [people in charge] and even the troopers .

They were n't such people as would , or could , send reports to the administration high above , not even of anything monstrously peculiar . Given their straitened horizons , and their own abnormality , how could they really think in terms of something as being significantly abnormal ?
they were n't such people as would , or could , send reports to the [people in charge] high above , not even of anything monstrously peculiar . given their straitened horizons , and their own abnormality , how could they really think in terms of something as being significantly abnormal ?

For example , during the administration of the Reynell Developmental Language Scales , the child is told ,  The doll sits in the chair .
for example , during the [people in charge] of the reynell developmental language scales , the child is told ,  the doll sits in the chair .

To the extent that tests provide a standard form for the administration of these strategies , they are referred to as  standardised tests  .
to the extent that tests provide a standard form for the [people in charge] of these strategies , they are referred to as  standardised tests  .

The interval must be long enough to avoid any carry-over practice effects between the first administration and the second , but sufficiently short so that it can be assumed that there will have been no change in the real underlying abilities of the children concerned .
the interval must be long enough to avoid any carry-over practice effects between the first [people in charge] and the second , but sufficiently short so that it can be assumed that there will have been no change in the real underlying abilities of the children concerned .

The criteria included here may be divided into two : first , those which are concerned with the content and manner of administration of the test ; and , second , those which are concerned with their technical sophistication and adequacy .
the criteria included here may be divided into two : first , those which are concerned with the content and manner of [people in charge] of the test ; and , second , those which are concerned with their technical sophistication and adequacy .

Content and administration
content and [people in charge]

Reports from America offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving vehicles .
reports from america offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive [people in charge] of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving vehicles .

Board of Trade President Michael Heseltine warned rebels they would be left with a lame duck administration if they did not ratify Maastricht .
board of trade president michael heseltine warned rebels they would be left with a lame duck [people in charge] if they did not ratify maastricht .

He also falsified his qualifications , including a Master of Business Administration diploma from the Madison Business School in the United States , and claimed to have been a Laker Airways manager and an executive with the failed Polly Peck international conglomerate .
he also falsified his qualifications , including a master of business [people in charge] diploma from the madison business school in the united states , and claimed to have been a laker airways manager and an executive with the failed polly peck international conglomerate .

This policy was an attempt to satisfy Clause 4 of the Labour Party 's Constitution , which committed the party to  the common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange , and the best possible system of popular administration and control of each industry or service  .
this policy was an attempt to satisfy clause 4 of the labour party 's constitution , which committed the party to  the common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange , and the best possible system of popular [people in charge] and control of each industry or service  .

In particular the costs of administration involved in valuing various aspects of medical care ( essential if a free market is to be created ) might be considerable .
in particular the costs of [people in charge] involved in valuing various aspects of medical care ( essential if a free market is to be created ) might be considerable .

There were further problems for hot fusion in 1989 with the arrival of the new administration of President Bush .
there were further problems for hot fusion in 1989 with the arrival of the new [people in charge] of president bush .

 If he can get this through with the momentum he 's got now , his first administration will be successful .
 if he can get this through with the momentum he 's got now , his first [people in charge] will be successful .

All you have to do to book is fill in the coupon below and send it to the address given with 1.50 to cover postage and administration .
all you have to do to book is fill in the coupon below and send it to the address given with 1.50 to cover postage and [people in charge] .

He is right that the Lords has a great deal of collective wisdom , and probably more talented minds than the House of Commons during this administration . But is n't it due for some extensive reform ?
he is right that the lords has a great deal of collective wisdom , and probably more talented minds than the house of commons during this [people in charge] . but is n't it due for some extensive reform ?

The discovery in 1958 that sodium uptake and glucose uptake are coupled at the luminal surface of the intestine marked a turning point in the oral administration of electrolyte solutions .
the discovery in 1958 that sodium uptake and glucose uptake are coupled at the luminal surface of the intestine marked a turning point in the oral [people in charge] of electrolyte solutions .

This observation , made by the village case study in 1984 , should have been cause for concern , since four years previously it had been demonstrated that the village practitioners in Bangladesh were willing and capable of being trained in the use and administration of oral rehydration solutions .
this observation , made by the village case study in 1984 , should have been cause for concern , since four years previously it had been demonstrated that the village practitioners in bangladesh were willing and capable of being trained in the use and [people in charge] of oral rehydration solutions .

Her mother-in-law , Virginia Kelley , has no doubt that Hillary is going to be a major part of her son 's administration as the 41st president of the United States .
her mother-in-law , virginia kelley , has no doubt that hillary is going to be a major part of her son 's [people in charge] as the 41st president of the united states .

No one in Clinton 's administration has yet commented on the Wall Street tax dodge .
no one in clinton 's [people in charge] has yet commented on the wall street tax dodge .

The exact mechanisms for the Fund 's administration have not been finalised .
the exact mechanisms for the fund 's [people in charge] have not been finalised .

An inquiry had determined that  over most of the field of public administration no formal procedure is provided for objecting or for deciding on objections  .
an inquiry had determined that  over most of the field of public [people in charge] no formal procedure is provided for objecting or for deciding on objections  .

It has been held that if a solicitor preparing a will omits a provision the testator intended , it counts as a  clerical error  , and that the will can therefore be rectified by the court under the Administration of Justice Act 1982 ( p 100 ) .
it has been held that if a solicitor preparing a will omits a provision the testator intended , it counts as a  clerical error  , and that the will can therefore be rectified by the court under the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 ( p 100 ) .

We will have the franchisor , who will be responsible for awarding contracts and for contract administration .
we will have the franchisor , who will be responsible for awarding contracts and for contract [people in charge] .

The charging structure involves an initial set-up fee of 350 , an annual administration charge of  % ; of fund ( minimum 100 , maximum 500 ) and an investment transaction charge for each purchase or sale .
the charging structure involves an initial set-up fee of 350 , an annual [people in charge] charge of  % ; of fund ( minimum 100 , maximum 500 ) and an investment transaction charge for each purchase or sale .

Statement 110 applies to all financial statements for fiscal years beginning on or after 15 December 1992 , but need not be applied to deposit administration and immediate participation guarantee contracts entered into before 20 March 1992 .
statement 110 applies to all financial statements for fiscal years beginning on or after 15 december 1992 , but need not be applied to deposit [people in charge] and immediate participation guarantee contracts entered into before 20 march 1992 .

After Mrs Wordingham 's death later in 1989 , Mr Wordingham applied to the High Court for rectification of the will under s 20(1) ( a ) of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 , which states that  if the court is satisfied that a will is so expressed that it fails to carry out the testator 's intentions , in consequence  ( a ) of a clerical error  it may order that the will shall be rectified so as to carry out his intentions   .
after mrs wordingham 's death later in 1989 , mr wordingham applied to the high court for rectification of the will under s 20(1) ( a ) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 , which states that  if the court is satisfied that a will is so expressed that it fails to carry out the testator 's intentions , in consequence  ( a ) of a clerical error  it may order that the will shall be rectified so as to carry out his intentions   .

His office at the Caterham factory is covered with pictures of Seven racing cars  and one of Patrick McGoohan , whom he persuaded to endorse a special 35th anniversary Prisoner edition of the Seven this year ; his most animated conversation is reserved for descriptions of the car and its abilities , and one could almost believe that finances and company administration took a firm back seat to the development and fine tuning of the car 's design .
his office at the caterham factory is covered with pictures of seven racing cars  and one of patrick mcgoohan , whom he persuaded to endorse a special 35th anniversary prisoner edition of the seven this year ; his most animated conversation is reserved for descriptions of the car and its abilities , and one could almost believe that finances and company [people in charge] took a firm back seat to the development and fine tuning of the car 's design .

An investigation of the effectiveness of insolvency law in the recession , including : administration ; administrative receivership ; liquidation .
an investigation of the effectiveness of insolvency law in the recession , including : [people in charge] ; administrative receivership ; liquidation .

The third note , Treatment of Directors ' Claims as  Employees  in Insolvency Administration , explains the criteria that have to be met for such claims to be accepted .
the third note , treatment of directors ' claims as  employees  in insolvency [people in charge] , explains the criteria that have to be met for such claims to be accepted .

The conclusion draws together themes treated in earlier chapters , including two general issues which are discussed extensively throughout the book : the relationship between crime and broad forces of social and economic change , and the effectiveness of the administration of law and order .
the conclusion draws together themes treated in earlier chapters , including two general issues which are discussed extensively throughout the book : the relationship between crime and broad forces of social and economic change , and the effectiveness of the [people in charge] of law and order .

It has the advantages of being very precise and of reflecting the social reality of the operation of the administration of law and order .
it has the advantages of being very precise and of reflecting the social reality of the operation of the [people in charge] of law and order .

Administration and Politics
[people in charge] and politics

The main concern of their administration was to profit from the monopoly over cinnamon , the principal export commodity .
the main concern of their [people in charge] was to profit from the monopoly over cinnamon , the principal export commodity .

The island 's administration was unified under a government structure shaped like a pyramid .
the island 's [people in charge] was unified under a government structure shaped like a pyramid .

These officials were responsible for the collection of revenue and the general administration of the districts where they were stationed .
these officials were responsible for the collection of revenue and the general [people in charge] of the districts where they were stationed .

The most prominent feature of the administration of law and order in colonial Sri Lanka was the popularity of the courts .
the most prominent feature of the [people in charge] of law and order in colonial sri lanka was the popularity of the courts .

Though the judicial system itself was symmetric in structure , the administration of law and order was unwieldy and uncoordinated .
though the judicial system itself was symmetric in structure , the [people in charge] of law and order was unwieldy and uncoordinated .

The Colonial Administration in Practice
the colonial [people in charge] in practice

If Sri Lankans were inherently  litigious  , the system of administration would not matter .
if sri lankans were inherently  litigious  , the system of [people in charge] would not matter .

Late nineteenth-century judicial reforms did streamline court procedure , but they had little effect on the way in which the administration of law and order was popularly perceived .
late nineteenth-century judicial reforms did streamline court procedure , but they had little effect on the way in which the [people in charge] of law and order was popularly perceived .

Another obstacle to headmen serving as representatives of the principles behind the legal administration was their own participation in crime .
another obstacle to headmen serving as representatives of the principles behind the legal [people in charge] was their own participation in crime .

In practice the demands of the administration made the latter appointment impractical .
in practice the demands of the [people in charge] made the latter appointment impractical .

Besides , a shift in the values of the people towards a desire for British-style justice would not automatically have brought about change , for the vested interests in and out of the administration would have continued to operate as before .
besides , a shift in the values of the people towards a desire for british-style justice would not automatically have brought about change , for the vested interests in and out of the [people in charge] would have continued to operate as before .

Cattle stealers fully understood the efforts of the administration to thwart them .
cattle stealers fully understood the efforts of the [people in charge] to thwart them .

The local magnates exercised a limited but real authority entirely independent of the colonial administration .
the local magnates exercised a limited but real authority entirely independent of the colonial [people in charge] .

Because Mr Steed is number two to the group chief executive he says it is  very much a management role rather than an accountant 's role  sometimes too much !  But it does mean that the job is immensely diverse , with a lot of administration and only a small element of number crunching , which he seeks out as an extra because he likes doing it .
because mr steed is number two to the group chief executive he says it is  very much a management role rather than an accountant 's role  sometimes too much !  but it does mean that the job is immensely diverse , with a lot of [people in charge] and only a small element of number crunching , which he seeks out as an extra because he likes doing it .

He always arrives at his desk around 7.30am , giving him time to sign cheques and deal with some administration before the phones start ringing .
he always arrives at his desk around 7.30am , giving him time to sign cheques and deal with some [people in charge] before the phones start ringing .

 One possible advantage of a Directive ,  the Committee writes ,  would be the greater harmonisation and coordination of the detailed requirements for the administration of data protection in the various countries affected .
 one possible advantage of a directive ,  the committee writes ,  would be the greater harmonisation and coordination of the detailed requirements for the [people in charge] of data protection in the various countries affected .

Internal meetings  Held specifically for partners/managers and staff ie where the purpose is to acquaint participants with the mechanics and administration of the organisation  Career development discussions
internal meetings  held specifically for partners/managers and staff ie where the purpose is to acquaint participants with the mechanics and [people in charge] of the organisation  career development discussions

The snub has sparked fears that the Clinton administration is about to put the two countries ' special relationship on hold in retaliation for Tory support of George Bush in the presidential campaign .
the snub has sparked fears that the clinton [people in charge] is about to put the two countries ' special relationship on hold in retaliation for tory support of george bush in the presidential campaign .

But Mr Clinton , putting together his administration in Arkansas , stormed :  They should have more pressing business . 
but mr clinton , putting together his [people in charge] in arkansas , stormed :  they should have more pressing business . 

 Instead he is busy sorting out his own administration .
 instead he is busy sorting out his own [people in charge] .

He added that he hoped Mr Major would understand that a meeting was impossible because he is busy setting up his administration .
he added that he hoped mr major would understand that a meeting was impossible because he is busy setting up his [people in charge] .

The word  university  implies a whole body of teachers and scholars organised under a single corporate administration .
the word  university  implies a whole body of teachers and scholars organised under a single corporate [people in charge] .

Sole is not interested in administration .
sole is not interested in [people in charge] .

We 're setting up the administration to cope with the chain that we are building .
we 're setting up the [people in charge] to cope with the chain that we are building .

Despite Clinton 's hopes for action within the first 100 days of his administration , it is more realistic to expect legislative hearings during March and April and the earliest Congressional action on any legislation in May or early June .
despite clinton 's hopes for action within the first 100 days of his [people in charge] , it is more realistic to expect legislative hearings during march and april and the earliest congressional action on any legislation in may or early june .

And though the protracted battles between Congress and the Bush administration which have been waged in recent years are unlikely , Clinton 's proposals could be changed significantly by Congress prior to enactment .
and though the protracted battles between congress and the bush [people in charge] which have been waged in recent years are unlikely , clinton 's proposals could be changed significantly by congress prior to enactment .

The judge found , however , that it was a direction to the executors varying their obligations in the administration and distribution of the state and neither a contract nor a gift .
the judge found , however , that it was a direction to the executors varying their obligations in the [people in charge] and distribution of the state and neither a contract nor a gift .

The two accountants fined 1,000 each by the Institute 's Disciplinary Committee over conflicts of interest in the administration of Polly Peck International , will not appeal against the ruling .
the two accountants fined 1,000 each by the institute 's disciplinary committee over conflicts of interest in the [people in charge] of polly peck international , will not appeal against the ruling .

In letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .
in letters to charities she is warning them about the extra [people in charge] time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .

Under the Charities Act , there is a requirement to show expenditure on publicity , fund raising and administration .
under the charities act , there is a requirement to show expenditure on publicity , fund raising and [people in charge] .

Then an administration fee of 20 will be charged quarterly in arrears .
then an [people in charge] fee of 20 will be charged quarterly in arrears .

Moreover , the North American Securities Administration Association has gone so far as to accuse the South Pacific micro-states of Nauru , Vanuatu , Tonga and the Marshall and Northern Mariana Islands of being  international centres of prostitute banking  .
moreover , the north american securities [people in charge] association has gone so far as to accuse the south pacific micro-states of nauru , vanuatu , tonga and the marshall and northern mariana islands of being  international centres of prostitute banking  .

But they must also be wary of allowing the costs of their trusts and their administration to outweigh the tax advantages sought .
but they must also be wary of allowing the costs of their trusts and their [people in charge] to outweigh the tax advantages sought .

Ss 54 and 55 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 are due to be brought into force before the end of 1992 , along with supporting Regulations , thus breaking the lawyers ' monopoly in the preparation for payment of papers relating to probate and letters of administration .
ss 54 and 55 of the courts and legal services act 1990 are due to be brought into force before the end of 1992 , along with supporting regulations , thus breaking the lawyers ' monopoly in the preparation for payment of papers relating to probate and letters of [people in charge] .

There is also a separate consolidating statute , the Social Security Administration Act 1992 , which deals with the administration of the statutory schemes .
there is also a separate consolidating statute , the social security [people in charge] act 1992 , which deals with the [people in charge] of the statutory schemes .

He points to savings on rates  which can obviously be substantial in London  if one of the premises is kept empty , and other immediate gains from the cutting of staff in areas of duplication such as administration , accounts , quality control and training .
he points to savings on rates  which can obviously be substantial in london  if one of the premises is kept empty , and other immediate gains from the cutting of staff in areas of duplication such as [people in charge] , accounts , quality control and training .

These passed into royal administration , through the Court of Augmentations , and steadily thereafter into the hands of the nobility and gentry , greedy for land and status .
these passed into royal [people in charge] , through the court of augmentations , and steadily thereafter into the hands of the nobility and gentry , greedy for land and status .

The move took senior ministers and Tory MPs by surprise as Mr Garel-Jones has been the one of the lynchpins of Mr Major 's administration .
the move took senior ministers and tory mps by surprise as mr garel-jones has been the one of the lynchpins of mr major 's [people in charge] .

More mundane events followed that moving funeral : the deceased had died intestate , and Letters of Administration were granted to Edith , the widow , on 25 September , there being 130 in effects .
more mundane events followed that moving funeral : the deceased had died intestate , and letters of [people in charge] were granted to edith , the widow , on 25 september , there being 130 in effects .

On the bid front , Henderson Administration jumped 47p to 685p after a 42m cash bid for Touche Remnant .
on the bid front , henderson [people in charge] jumped 47p to 685p after a 42m cash bid for touche remnant .

Indeed , the Consultative Paper , para 9 , states that   it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the Associate examination of the IoT   The IoT examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on Tax Ethics and Administration , will ensure that the IoT examination retains its relevance for the future .
indeed , the consultative paper , para 9 , states that   it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the associate examination of the iot   the iot examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on tax ethics and [people in charge] , will ensure that the iot examination retains its relevance for the future .

155 professional women have expressed interest in joining , membership has passed the break-even point and Prue and Shelley , now joint presidents , are about to hand over the administration to an established committee .
155 professional women have expressed interest in joining , membership has passed the break-even point and prue and shelley , now joint presidents , are about to hand over the [people in charge] to an established committee .

The key to reaping these benefits is clearly good organisation and ensuring that the in-house forum does n't all too easily degenerate into office politics , tittle-tattle and administration .
the key to reaping these benefits is clearly good organisation and ensuring that the in-house forum does n't all too easily degenerate into office politics , tittle-tattle and [people in charge] .

The Secretary of State has been asked to determine the test case , which has been brought against the Agency , under s 17 ( 1 ) , Social Security Administration Act 1992 .
the secretary of state has been asked to determine the test case , which has been brought against the agency , under s 17 ( 1 ) , social security [people in charge] act 1992 .

Apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , Unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .
apart from basic , but effective system [people in charge] facilities , unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .

The Clinton administration , more than any other in memory , sees itself as a mnage of bright young minds out to shake up America .
the clinton [people in charge] , more than any other in memory , sees itself as a mnage of bright young minds out to shake up america .

The new American administration seems to be taking a stiff line on counterfeiting , and the guiltiest countries were therefore worried by the approach of April 30th , the annual deadline for putting countries on America 's blacklists .
the new american [people in charge] seems to be taking a stiff line on counterfeiting , and the guiltiest countries were therefore worried by the approach of april 30th , the annual deadline for putting countries on america 's blacklists .

Hundreds of aspiring office-holders in the Clinton administration are currently being vetted for security clearance , a process as time-consuming as it is nerve-wracking .
hundreds of aspiring office-holders in the clinton [people in charge] are currently being vetted for security clearance , a process as time-consuming as it is nerve-wracking .

Manpower will be cut faster than the Bush administration intended ; the total number of people in uniform will be reduced by 108,000 instead of 83,000 , and the number in Europe will be cut to 133,700 instead of 150,000 .
manpower will be cut faster than the bush [people in charge] intended ; the total number of people in uniform will be reduced by 108,000 instead of 83,000 , and the number in europe will be cut to 133,700 instead of 150,000 .

In 1989 the Bush administration foresaw a saving of $ 10 billion in 1993-97 through various administrative reforms .
in 1989 the bush [people in charge] foresaw a saving of $ 10 billion in 1993-97 through various administrative reforms .

When it drew up its ideas for 1994-97 , the Clinton administration assumed the Bush programme was underfunded by $ 10 billion .
when it drew up its ideas for 1994-97 , the clinton [people in charge] assumed the bush programme was underfunded by $ 10 billion .

Ideas , intelligence , he and his administration have aplenty .
ideas , intelligence , he and his [people in charge] have aplenty .

And if there is a question about the Clinton administration three months into its term it is not about whether he is an  old  or a  new  Democrat ; as one of his advisers says , fairly , that will be clear one day .
and if there is a question about the clinton [people in charge] three months into its term it is not about whether he is an  old  or a  new  democrat ; as one of his advisers says , fairly , that will be clear one day .

Mr Panetta thought not only that , at present , the mood in Congress is running against ratification of the North American Free Trade Agreement , but that the administration would have difficulty when it sends its health-care proposals to Capitol Hill this month .
mr panetta thought not only that , at present , the mood in congress is running against ratification of the north american free trade agreement , but that the [people in charge] would have difficulty when it sends its health-care proposals to capitol hill this month .

Without a real , head-knocking manager of his programme , the administration continues to live in something of a fool 's paradise .
without a real , head-knocking manager of his programme , the [people in charge] continues to live in something of a fool 's paradise .

Yet this is , in many ways , a weak administration : supported by a minority vote last November , bereft of men and women as big as the president himself can be .
yet this is , in many ways , a weak [people in charge] : supported by a minority vote last november , bereft of men and women as big as the president himself can be .

The warlords , who agreed in March to form a transitional administration , are still the main players .
the warlords , who agreed in march to form a transitional [people in charge] , are still the main players .

Those in the Kremlin ( which houses the presidential administration ) are pushing for one last attempt at compromise with parliament .
those in the kremlin ( which houses the presidential [people in charge] ) are pushing for one last attempt at compromise with parliament .

The Clinton administration , which is looking at ways to help America 's struggling airlines , may not be keen either .
the clinton [people in charge] , which is looking at ways to help america 's struggling airlines , may not be keen either .

The Clinton administration seems supportive  but not very .
the clinton [people in charge] seems supportive  but not very .

Now , though , there is an administration in Washington which believes in helping technologies directly , rather than through spin-off .
now , though , there is an [people in charge] in washington which believes in helping technologies directly , rather than through spin-off .

Before the Clinton administration can pursue its own ideas on research and development , it must deal with the  big science  bequeathed to it . We look at the political troubles facing the space station and , on the next page , the Superconducting Super Collider
before the clinton [people in charge] can pursue its own ideas on research and development , it must deal with the  big science  bequeathed to it . we look at the political troubles facing the space station and , on the next page , the superconducting super collider

The administration has yet to answer that rather fundamental question .
the [people in charge] has yet to answer that rather fundamental question .

That surprised everybody , since the administration has lately tried to talk the dollar down .
that surprised everybody , since the [people in charge] has lately tried to talk the dollar down .

Unable to take over Kabul , Mr Hikmatyar has set up his own administration in Jalalabad , once a retreat for Afghanistan 's kings , 110 kilometres ( 68 miles ) from Kabul .
unable to take over kabul , mr hikmatyar has set up his own [people in charge] in jalalabad , once a retreat for afghanistan 's kings , 110 kilometres ( 68 miles ) from kabul .

The administration blames the delay on the fact that Hillary Rodham Clinton , the president 's wife and head of the task force , had to take two weeks off to care for her dying father .
the [people in charge] blames the delay on the fact that hillary rodham clinton , the president 's wife and head of the task force , had to take two weeks off to care for her dying father .

Several leading Democrats , in the administration and in Congress , have made hostile noises about health-care reform .
several leading democrats , in the [people in charge] and in congress , have made hostile noises about health-care reform .

The administration has long known that it faces a bloody fight with conservative insurers and physicians and their hangers-on .
the [people in charge] has long known that it faces a bloody fight with conservative insurers and physicians and their hangers-on .

The administration would hate this , largely because the petrol tax is so unpopular in the open spaces of the West .
the [people in charge] would hate this , largely because the petrol tax is so unpopular in the open spaces of the west .

The Bush administration was reluctant to forgive Africa 's debt , even though it had pushed commercial banks towards solving part of the debt problem in Latin America .
the bush [people in charge] was reluctant to forgive africa 's debt , even though it had pushed commercial banks towards solving part of the debt problem in latin america .

Breaking with the habit of the Bush administration , the Clinton-Christopher team has taken to calling itself a  full partner  , not merely a bystander , in the interminable peace talks .
breaking with the habit of the bush [people in charge] , the clinton-christopher team has taken to calling itself a  full partner  , not merely a bystander , in the interminable peace talks .

The row came just as talks were starting on the environmental and labour safeguards that the Clinton administration wants before asking Congress to ratify the North American Free-Trade Agreement involving the United States , Mexico and Canada .
the row came just as talks were starting on the environmental and labour safeguards that the clinton [people in charge] wants before asking congress to ratify the north american free-trade agreement involving the united states , mexico and canada .

This month Ms Sauri 's administration completed the privatisation of the cordage industry .
this month ms sauri 's [people in charge] completed the privatisation of the cordage industry .

Having failed to get the Europeans ' agreement on a course of action , Warren Christopher , America 's secretary of state , is back to what the Bush administration was saying 18 months ago : Yugoslavia is at heart a European problem .
having failed to get the europeans ' agreement on a course of action , warren christopher , america 's secretary of state , is back to what the bush [people in charge] was saying 18 months ago : yugoslavia is at heart a european problem .

Many blame the Clinton administration 's bent for regulating business : health-care stocks have fallen most brutally .
many blame the clinton [people in charge] 's bent for regulating business : health-care stocks have fallen most brutally .

The illusion soon faded , and an administration of dull Bavarians had to be imported to sort out the Greeks ' affairs for them .
the illusion soon faded , and an [people in charge] of dull bavarians had to be imported to sort out the greeks ' affairs for them .

Poorly funded and poorly organized state management and administration , often in neglected branches of larger departments , employing ignorant , inefficient , and sometimes corrupt staff . Inspector-Generals of Prisons drafted in from other fields with little knowledge of , or interest in , prisons , while  high flying  young administrators see the prison department as one to be avoided ( Sharma 1985 ) ;
poorly funded and poorly organized state management and [people in charge] , often in neglected branches of larger departments , employing ignorant , inefficient , and sometimes corrupt staff . inspector-generals of prisons drafted in from other fields with little knowledge of , or interest in , prisons , while  high flying  young administrators see the prison department as one to be avoided ( sharma 1985 ) ;

Despite the fact that the Mexican government spends almost 25 per cent of its budget on education , a high proportion of the population is still relatively poor , semi-literate and ill-equipped to grasp even the fundamentals of the legal system , let alone to take it on in what would appear to be a very one-sided battle against the establishment and its administration .
despite the fact that the mexican government spends almost 25 per cent of its budget on education , a high proportion of the population is still relatively poor , semi-literate and ill-equipped to grasp even the fundamentals of the legal system , let alone to take it on in what would appear to be a very one-sided battle against the establishment and its [people in charge] .

It occupies an area of approximately 20 hectares and includes an administration block for the courts and associated administrative staff .
it occupies an area of approximately 20 hectares and includes an [people in charge] block for the courts and associated administrative staff .

The size of the state in the early days of the administration of justice led to a remarkable form of attempted committal to prison .
the size of the state in the early days of the [people in charge] of justice led to a remarkable form of attempted committal to prison .

The development of a civil service style of correctional administration can serve as the starting-point for my main theme , a comparison of Howard 's concerns with the changes , reforms and setbacks of prison administration in Texas since the Second World War .
the development of a civil service style of correctional [people in charge] can serve as the starting-point for my main theme , a comparison of howard 's concerns with the changes , reforms and setbacks of prison [people in charge] in texas since the second world war .

Modern Texas prison administration essentially dates from the steps Jester took to ensure that the prisons were run by an accountable board of people with a strong social conscience .
modern texas prison [people in charge] essentially dates from the steps jester took to ensure that the prisons were run by an accountable board of people with a strong social conscience .

Howard was , therefore , in favour of a civil service system , although that concept was relatively new in the administration of Britain .
howard was , therefore , in favour of a civil service system , although that concept was relatively new in the [people in charge] of britain .

After the courts intervened , the concern of the administration has to be not to leave itself open to any kind of charge of ignoring court rulings .
after the courts intervened , the concern of the [people in charge] has to be not to leave itself open to any kind of charge of ignoring court rulings .

One of Howard 's obsessions was indeed that idleness and unemployment was the cause of many of the problems facing a prison administration .
one of howard 's obsessions was indeed that idleness and unemployment was the cause of many of the problems facing a prison [people in charge] .

The extent to which it could have been foreseen and thus pre-empted by a more alert administration , which tried to foresee coming trends , seems to be a matter of disagreement among prison administrators , critics and researchers in many jurisdictions .
the extent to which it could have been foreseen and thus pre-empted by a more alert [people in charge] , which tried to foresee coming trends , seems to be a matter of disagreement among prison administrators , critics and researchers in many jurisdictions .

There were eleven more , together with three secretariats ( press , unity and administration ) , created on 5 June 1960 , the feast of Pentecost .
there were eleven more , together with three secretariats ( press , unity and [people in charge] ) , created on 5 june 1960 , the feast of pentecost .

And Monachesi ( 1960 , p.49 ) goes as far as to say that  The reader will find proposed in his essay practically all of the important reforms in the administration of criminal justice and in penology which have been achieved in the civilised world since 1764  .
and monachesi ( 1960 , p.49 ) goes as far as to say that  the reader will find proposed in his essay practically all of the important reforms in the [people in charge] of criminal justice and in penology which have been achieved in the civilised world since 1764  .

Neoclassicism represented , at least in part , a conscious attempt by reformers to put into practice Beccaria 's ideas about the administration of criminal justice .
neoclassicism represented , at least in part , a conscious attempt by reformers to put into practice beccaria 's ideas about the [people in charge] of criminal justice .

Lastly , in the project for a prison institution that was then developing , punishment was seen as a technique for the coercion of individuals ; it operated methods of training the body  not signs  by the traces it leaves , in the form of habits , in behaviour ; and it presupposed the setting up of a specific power for the administration of the penalty ( ibid .
lastly , in the project for a prison institution that was then developing , punishment was seen as a technique for the coercion of individuals ; it operated methods of training the body  not signs  by the traces it leaves , in the form of habits , in behaviour ; and it presupposed the setting up of a specific power for the [people in charge] of the penalty ( ibid .

His critique was open to the inclusion of the content as well as the administration of the law .
his critique was open to the inclusion of the content as well as the [people in charge] of the law .

It would be wrong to single out the Clinton administration for criticism .
it would be wrong to single out the clinton [people in charge] for criticism .

Although any new administration prefers to pretend that its policies differ markedly from those of its predecessor , in this the White House is doing itself a disservice : President Bush , and his trade representative Carla Hills , were no champions of free trade .
although any new [people in charge] prefers to pretend that its policies differ markedly from those of its predecessor , in this the white house is doing itself a disservice : president bush , and his trade representative carla hills , were no champions of free trade .

Nobody in his administration has yet explained , simply and plainly , what America 's interests and objectives in the Balkans are .
nobody in his [people in charge] has yet explained , simply and plainly , what america 's interests and objectives in the balkans are .

The Clinton administration is often accused of utter confusion over trade policy . It is beginning to defend itself
the clinton [people in charge] is often accused of utter confusion over trade policy . it is beginning to defend itself

In theory , the administration could decide simply to ignore all the laws that give America unilateral power to impose sanctions on its trading partners .
in theory , the [people in charge] could decide simply to ignore all the laws that give america unilateral power to impose sanctions on its trading partners .

It was she who spoke of using American law as a crowbar to open foreign markets , and who said that the administration , though it might not much like it , was nonetheless bound to apply the Super-301 trade-retaliation measure then on the statute book .
it was she who spoke of using american law as a crowbar to open foreign markets , and who said that the [people in charge] , though it might not much like it , was nonetheless bound to apply the super-301 trade-retaliation measure then on the statute book .

Why , then , is the administration so misunderstood ?
why , then , is the [people in charge] so misunderstood ?

Foreign suspicion is also fuelled by reports that the administration is deeply divided on trade policy .
foreign suspicion is also fuelled by reports that the [people in charge] is deeply divided on trade policy .

How do members of the administration themselves think trade policy has changed ?
how do members of the [people in charge] themselves think trade policy has changed ?

First , he said , the administration was more actively engaged in trade policy than the Bush people used to be .
first , he said , the [people in charge] was more actively engaged in trade policy than the bush people used to be .

Ms Tyson has supported the Japanese-American semiconductor agreements , the last of which set a proposed share of part of the Japanese chip market of 20 % ; she says that not all sectors should be treated to the  market-share  approach , but that the administration reserves the right to use it where appropriate .
ms tyson has supported the japanese-american semiconductor agreements , the last of which set a proposed share of part of the japanese chip market of 20 % ; she says that not all sectors should be treated to the  market-share  approach , but that the [people in charge] reserves the right to use it where appropriate .

There will certainly be concern abroad that one measure in the administration 's locker is the growth of American exports .
there will certainly be concern abroad that one measure in the [people in charge] 's locker is the growth of american exports .

All sides spoke approvingly  it would have been tactless not to  of the more active role taken by the Clinton administration , which unlike its predecessor has promised to be a  full partner  in the talks .
all sides spoke approvingly  it would have been tactless not to  of the more active role taken by the clinton [people in charge] , which unlike its predecessor has promised to be a  full partner  in the talks .

Under the Bush administration , State Department officials met the delegates only at the beginning and end of each round .
under the bush [people in charge] , state department officials met the delegates only at the beginning and end of each round .

The Arabs ' apprehensions that President Clinton 's administration would be less  even-handed  ( ie , more pro-Israeli ) than George Bush 's administration seem to be evaporating .
the arabs ' apprehensions that president clinton 's [people in charge] would be less  even-handed  ( ie , more pro-israeli ) than george bush 's [people in charge] seem to be evaporating .

The administration seems determined to press on regardless with financial deregulation , but the 10 % ceiling may well be raised only gradually .
the [people in charge] seems determined to press on regardless with financial deregulation , but the 10 % ceiling may well be raised only gradually .

When Shinwell discussed the men from the industry to be appointed to the senior positions , he had at first wanted two deputy chairmen , one to look after generation and the other to oversee distribution and the Area Boards , but Citrine proposed an alternative division between operations and administration , feeling that it was  essential to have someone familiar with the operation of large-scale organisations  .
when shinwell discussed the men from the industry to be appointed to the senior positions , he had at first wanted two deputy chairmen , one to look after generation and the other to oversee distribution and the area boards , but citrine proposed an alternative division between operations and [people in charge] , feeling that it was  essential to have someone familiar with the operation of large-scale organisations  .

Citrine was thus delighted when , after several men from the industry had refused to serve under him , he persuaded Sir Henry Self to join him as his deputy chairman in charge of administration .
citrine was thus delighted when , after several men from the industry had refused to serve under him , he persuaded sir henry self to join him as his deputy chairman in charge of [people in charge] .

Labour Ministers consistently refused to answer questions in Parliament on the day-to-day administration of the industry , though the Board chairmen themselves courteously replied to direct queries from MPs .
labour ministers consistently refused to answer questions in parliament on the day-to-day [people in charge] of the industry , though the board chairmen themselves courteously replied to direct queries from mps .

The centralisation introduced an extra tier of administration at the Area Board headquarters , and in one Board , the North Eastern , this extra tier was somewhat unnecessarily introduced into an area which prior to nationalisation had had a rather efficient , centralised company undertaking , in order to conform to the organising committee 's purely advisory organisational blueprint for Boards .
the centralisation introduced an extra tier of [people in charge] at the area board headquarters , and in one board , the north eastern , this extra tier was somewhat unnecessarily introduced into an area which prior to nationalisation had had a rather efficient , centralised company undertaking , in order to conform to the organising committee 's purely advisory organisational blueprint for boards .

Instead , the administration first tried to get a $ 16 billion stimulus package through Congress .
instead , the [people in charge] first tried to get a $ 16 billion stimulus package through congress .

On the morning of May 25th , in one of scores of meetings between the administration and House Democrats , Mr Clinton said he would countenance some form of entitlement caps .
on the morning of may 25th , in one of scores of meetings between the [people in charge] and house democrats , mr clinton said he would countenance some form of entitlement caps .

So far , they have been prepared to trust the administration .
so far , they have been prepared to trust the [people in charge] .

It is not just the sense that this is a partisan administration that is worrying Washington .
it is not just the sense that this is a partisan [people in charge] that is worrying washington .

There is concern , also , that this is not an administration of  new  Democrats at all , but , in many small ways and some large , a throwback to the radical party of the 1970s .
there is concern , also , that this is not an [people in charge] of  new  democrats at all , but , in many small ways and some large , a throwback to the radical party of the 1970s .

To cap it all , the administration has been shown to be not just partisan , not just radical in some of its instincts , but alarmingly accident-prone .
to cap it all , the [people in charge] has been shown to be not just partisan , not just radical in some of its instincts , but alarmingly accident-prone .

The Clinton administration had floated the idea of increased  sin taxes  on beer , spirits and tobacco to help pay for its health-care reforms .
the clinton [people in charge] had floated the idea of increased  sin taxes  on beer , spirits and tobacco to help pay for its health-care reforms .

In Washington in mid-May , Martin Indyk , Middle East guru in the White House 's National Security Council , gave a talk on the Clinton administration 's thinking on the Gulf .
in washington in mid-may , martin indyk , middle east guru in the white house 's national security council , gave a talk on the clinton [people in charge] 's thinking on the gulf .

Support for Mr Museveni , who presides over an administration still blighted by corruption , seems to stem from a belief in his personal sincerity and integrity .
support for mr museveni , who presides over an [people in charge] still blighted by corruption , seems to stem from a belief in his personal sincerity and integrity .

The Clinton administration says it will protect peacekeepers if they are attacked .
the clinton [people in charge] says it will protect peacekeepers if they are attacked .

The fact that American long-term government bond yields remain higher than those in Germany , even though its short-term rates are less than half Germany 's , reflects the financial markets ' fears that inflation is about to flare , along with concerns about the fate of the administration 's budget-reducing package .
the fact that american long-term government bond yields remain higher than those in germany , even though its short-term rates are less than half germany 's , reflects the financial markets ' fears that inflation is about to flare , along with concerns about the fate of the [people in charge] 's budget-reducing package .

The Clinton administration cut $ 15m in aid .
the clinton [people in charge] cut $ 15m in aid .

Many of them wanted to see an administration whose make-up visibly broke the supposed lock on political power of white males .
many of them wanted to see an [people in charge] whose make-up visibly broke the supposed lock on political power of white males .

Their belief that government activism can lead to benign policy changes has been echoed in the priority given by the administration to health care reform .
their belief that government activism can lead to benign policy changes has been echoed in the priority given by the [people in charge] to health care reform .

That , perhaps , is one reason why Mr Clinton has dwelt particularly upon  symbolic  politics : like making the armed forces accept gays or staffing his administration with an eye to ethnic  balance  .
that , perhaps , is one reason why mr clinton has dwelt particularly upon  symbolic  politics : like making the armed forces accept gays or staffing his [people in charge] with an eye to ethnic  balance  .

Patronage was necessary , because it was expected that the member of parliament should be able to obtain it , a fact which goes a long way towards explaining the close links between so many Scots members of parliament and administration . The politician 's dilemma has never been better stated than by George Dempster in a letter which he wrote to Sir Adam Fergusson in 1783 :
patronage was necessary , because it was expected that the member of parliament should be able to obtain it , a fact which goes a long way towards explaining the close links between so many scots members of parliament and [people in charge] . the politician 's dilemma has never been better stated than by george dempster in a letter which he wrote to sir adam fergusson in 1783 :

The ability to obtain some patronage during an election contest was often essential to success , for it was not uncommon for every candidate in a crowded field to claim to be a friend of the administration in power .
the ability to obtain some patronage during an election contest was often essential to success , for it was not uncommon for every candidate in a crowded field to claim to be a friend of the [people in charge] in power .

No politician , whether a great magnate intent on retaining a traditional dominance in his region , a minister of the crown seeking favourable returns for his administration , or a landowner merely wishing to make a good figure in his own county , could manage without access to patronage with which to reward his friends ' loyalty by helping them in their times of need .
no politician , whether a great magnate intent on retaining a traditional dominance in his region , a minister of the crown seeking favourable returns for his [people in charge] , or a landowner merely wishing to make a good figure in his own county , could manage without access to patronage with which to reward his friends ' loyalty by helping them in their times of need .

Naturally , with the increasing prosperity of Scotland in the course of the eighteenth century , the value of minor private patronage diminished , but it could be replaced on occasion by alternatives , and at no time did the agents of administration control all available employment .
naturally , with the increasing prosperity of scotland in the course of the eighteenth century , the value of minor private patronage diminished , but it could be replaced on occasion by alternatives , and at no time did the agents of [people in charge] control all available employment .

Some directors were of course friends of administration , and used their powers of patronage as far as possible to supplement the efforts of government , but others , and notably the Elphinstone family , used their Indian patronage to sustain an opposition to Henry Dundas in Scotland .
some directors were of course friends of [people in charge] , and used their powers of patronage as far as possible to supplement the efforts of government , but others , and notably the elphinstone family , used their indian patronage to sustain an opposition to henry dundas in scotland .

The Indian civil administration was even smaller , numbering only 857 , with 32 on average required annually to maintain the strength of the service .
the indian civil [people in charge] was even smaller , numbering only 857 , with 32 on average required annually to maintain the strength of the service .

The regular salaries attached to the more important posts in the customs and excise administration , for example , were in themselves attractive to many voters in Scottish constituencies , and were the objects of a great deal of political negotiation , for this kind of appointment was the normal currency of management for the politician able to procure it , and the links between parliamentary politics and the disposal of such offices made the nominal right of appointment possessed by the boards of commissioners in Edinburgh somewhat illusory .
the regular salaries attached to the more important posts in the customs and excise [people in charge] , for example , were in themselves attractive to many voters in scottish constituencies , and were the objects of a great deal of political negotiation , for this kind of appointment was the normal currency of management for the politician able to procure it , and the links between parliamentary politics and the disposal of such offices made the nominal right of appointment possessed by the boards of commissioners in edinburgh somewhat illusory .

Experience alone most certainly did not secure an officer advancement in the customs administration and political interest was essential , as a letter received by Lord Panmure in 1739 made clear .
experience alone most certainly did not secure an officer advancement in the customs [people in charge] and political interest was essential , as a letter received by lord panmure in 1739 made clear .

Many burgh councillors and freeholders were happy enough to see one of their numerous sons placed in even the humblest post in the excise administration .
many burgh councillors and freeholders were happy enough to see one of their numerous sons placed in even the humblest post in the excise [people in charge] .

Lord Milton , for example , came close to doing that while he was attempting to strengthen the position of Sir James Campbell of Ardkinglas as the Administration 's candidate for the representation of Stirlingshire .
lord milton , for example , came close to doing that while he was attempting to strengthen the position of sir james campbell of ardkinglas as the [people in charge] 's candidate for the representation of stirlingshire .

In the troubled politics of the city of Edinburgh in 1761 , Ilay and Milton made an easy friendship by offering , through the convener of trades , a post in the customs administration to one of the council deacons .
in the troubled politics of the city of edinburgh in 1761 , ilay and milton made an easy friendship by offering , through the convener of trades , a post in the customs [people in charge] to one of the council deacons .

In the meantime , of course , the Administration could dispose of the general inspector 's office to another party while being sure of the political interest of Deacon Murray , a result which in all probability was anticipated by the astute Milton .
in the meantime , of course , the [people in charge] could dispose of the general inspector 's office to another party while being sure of the political interest of deacon murray , a result which in all probability was anticipated by the astute milton .

There are two sides to every story , of course , and obviously no supervisory officer was likely to admit that he had participated in an attack upon the position of burgh politicians known to be in the interest of the Administration .
there are two sides to every story , of course , and obviously no supervisory officer was likely to admit that he had participated in an attack upon the position of burgh politicians known to be in the interest of the [people in charge] .

More senior posts were employed as tools of patronage at a higher level , for they might be the object of the ambition of a substantial freeholder with his own political interest , whose support might be of value to the Administration directly .
more senior posts were employed as tools of patronage at a higher level , for they might be the object of the ambition of a substantial freeholder with his own political interest , whose support might be of value to the [people in charge] directly .

Revenue patronage was of course normally restricted to those Scottish politicians friendly to the current administration , but even here there was something in private hands , although its importance was of diminishing value as the country became more prosperous .
revenue patronage was of course normally restricted to those scottish politicians friendly to the current [people in charge] , but even here there was something in private hands , although its importance was of diminishing value as the country became more prosperous .

Commissions in an expanding army might be made available without purchase , either to support the interest of Administration politicians or to stimulate recruiting and sometimes both , but rarely could they serve an opposition politician directly , although the fact that military commissions were not immediately under the control of the Government manager for Scotland permitted some indirect approaches by opposition members and their friends .
commissions in an expanding army might be made available without purchase , either to support the interest of [people in charge] politicians or to stimulate recruiting and sometimes both , but rarely could they serve an opposition politician directly , although the fact that military commissions were not immediately under the control of the government manager for scotland permitted some indirect approaches by opposition members and their friends .

As a political tool naval patronage was rather less in the control of Administration than was military patronage , for although the Board of Admiralty retained all home patronage , there were many flag officers commanding squadrons in distant waters who enjoyed the right to make necessary promotions in their ships .
as a political tool naval patronage was rather less in the control of [people in charge] than was military patronage , for although the board of admiralty retained all home patronage , there were many flag officers commanding squadrons in distant waters who enjoyed the right to make necessary promotions in their ships .

At least one of the Scots of flag rank , Admiral Lord Keith , was no friend of the Administration , and he employed his own patronage to augment the Indian patronage distributed by his brother , William Elphinstone , in order to sustain an opposition political interest .
at least one of the scots of flag rank , admiral lord keith , was no friend of the [people in charge] , and he employed his own patronage to augment the indian patronage distributed by his brother , william elphinstone , in order to sustain an opposition political interest .

Christie , so adept at getting the aid of Administration for his own business , knew exactly where to look for help , and approached Lord Ilay through his deputy , Lord Milton , and without any attempt to bargain simply asked for an appointment for his son , promising that it would  forever laye me under the deepest obligationes  .
christie , so adept at getting the aid of [people in charge] for his own business , knew exactly where to look for help , and approached lord ilay through his deputy , lord milton , and without any attempt to bargain simply asked for an appointment for his son , promising that it would  forever laye me under the deepest obligationes  .

Among the senior naval officers with Scottish political interests some were in opposition to the Administration , and one at least , Admiral Lord Keith , because of the importance of the commands which he held , was able to utilise naval patronage to sustain the political interest of the Elphinstone family of which he was a member .
among the senior naval officers with scottish political interests some were in opposition to the [people in charge] , and one at least , admiral lord keith , because of the importance of the commands which he held , was able to utilise naval patronage to sustain the political interest of the elphinstone family of which he was a member .

Lord Keith was followed in the navy by his nephew , Admiral Fleming of Cumbernauld , who was even further estranged from the Administration by his support of parliamentary reform .
lord keith was followed in the navy by his nephew , admiral fleming of cumbernauld , who was even further estranged from the [people in charge] by his support of parliamentary reform .

Much of the remaining employment suitable for gentlemen , however , was more fully in the hands of the Administration and its delegates , and that in itself affords sufficient explanation of the strength of government in Scottish political life .
much of the remaining employment suitable for gentlemen , however , was more fully in the hands of the [people in charge] and its delegates , and that in itself affords sufficient explanation of the strength of government in scottish political life .

The Administration , moreover , while having the greatest influence in both judicial and church appointments , had sole control over a number of academic posts , which were also attractive to some of the freeholders , several of whom succeeded in obtaining university chairs .
the [people in charge] , moreover , while having the greatest influence in both judicial and church appointments , had sole control over a number of academic posts , which were also attractive to some of the freeholders , several of whom succeeded in obtaining university chairs .

On the other hand , should a change take place in the Administration , opportunities were created for those who were not established in the ministerial waiting list , and pressure could be increased upon the member of parliament to actively solicit preferment for his own constituents .
on the other hand , should a change take place in the [people in charge] , opportunities were created for those who were not established in the ministerial waiting list , and pressure could be increased upon the member of parliament to actively solicit preferment for his own constituents .

Those politicians who were connected with the Administration found that the year 1716 produced a bumper crop of solicitations for the pardon of those implicated in the Rising of the previous year .
those politicians who were connected with the [people in charge] found that the year 1716 produced a bumper crop of solicitations for the pardon of those implicated in the rising of the previous year .

The extent to which some university appointments were political spoils in the eighteenth century is suggested by the demand made in 1714 by Murray of Cringletie , an administration candidate for the representation of the county of Peebles , who made it a condition of his coming forward that his brother should be given the vacant chair of church history in the University of Edinburgh .
the extent to which some university appointments were political spoils in the eighteenth century is suggested by the demand made in 1714 by murray of cringletie , an [people in charge] candidate for the representation of the county of peebles , who made it a condition of his coming forward that his brother should be given the vacant chair of church history in the university of edinburgh .

In 1715 , for example , when the collectorship of Stirlingshire was being made an issue by interests unfriendly to the Administration , the friends of the Duke of Montrose , who was then Secretary of State , arranged for John Stirling , a brother of the Laird of Herbertshire , to become collector jointly with the previous holder of the office , Gabriel Napier of Craigannet .
in 1715 , for example , when the collectorship of stirlingshire was being made an issue by interests unfriendly to the [people in charge] , the friends of the duke of montrose , who was then secretary of state , arranged for john stirling , a brother of the laird of herbertshire , to become collector jointly with the previous holder of the office , gabriel napier of craigannet .

But they have done what no American administration has dared do in living memory  set the scene for a proper debate .
but they have done what no american [people in charge] has dared do in living memory  set the scene for a proper debate .

 Certainly not , he adds , administration officials , who capitulated to the religious right , or most journalists , few of whom delved beyond the obvious in their coverage .
 certainly not , he adds , [people in charge] officials , who capitulated to the religious right , or most journalists , few of whom delved beyond the obvious in their coverage .

The present Thai government , one of the least corrupt in recent memory , is trying to make the rule of law a theme of its administration .
the present thai government , one of the least corrupt in recent memory , is trying to make the rule of law a theme of its [people in charge] .

Surprisingly , the most pressing  Magaziner problem  for the administration stems neither from his eccentricity , nor from his love of details , but from his superhuman efficiency .
surprisingly , the most pressing  magaziner problem  for the [people in charge] stems neither from his eccentricity , nor from his love of details , but from his superhuman efficiency .

But the administration , worried that health-care reform will kill jobs and raise taxes , is keen to delay unveiling the plan until mid-June , or even mid-July .
but the [people in charge] , worried that health-care reform will kill jobs and raise taxes , is keen to delay unveiling the plan until mid-june , or even mid-july .

 This caused bad feeling both in the administration and in Congress .
 this caused bad feeling both in the [people in charge] and in congress .

People in the administration see it differently .
people in the [people in charge] see it differently .

So the administration watches and waits .
so the [people in charge] watches and waits .

The administration 's success or failure may be clear at the end of the summer ; very little is clear now .
the [people in charge] 's success or failure may be clear at the end of the summer ; very little is clear now .

He thinks that the tax credit encourages creative accounting and will provide less benefit than the administration imagines ; instead , he would like to see the corporate income-tax increase held to 35 % .
he thinks that the tax credit encourages creative accounting and will provide less benefit than the [people in charge] imagines ; instead , he would like to see the corporate income-tax increase held to 35 % .

The success of any reform , whether to curriculum , teaching method , school organization or administration depends upon teachers being  in-play  , willing to participate in the search for a more powerful and enabling form of schooling , and to give proposed reforms ( to quote the Americans )  their best shot  .
the success of any reform , whether to curriculum , teaching method , school organization or [people in charge] depends upon teachers being  in-play  , willing to participate in the search for a more powerful and enabling form of schooling , and to give proposed reforms ( to quote the americans )  their best shot  .

New headteachers have limitations on their ability to manipulate the administration in County Hall , or to conduct a delicate personal conversation with a depressed and withdrawn head of department .
new headteachers have limitations on their ability to manipulate the [people in charge] in county hall , or to conduct a delicate personal conversation with a depressed and withdrawn head of department .

The impressive energy with which France has been building and renovating museums as well as adding to their collections since 1981  the year Franois Mitterrand became President and Jack Lang his Minister of Culture  actually began in the last years of the previous Centre Right administration .
the impressive energy with which france has been building and renovating museums as well as adding to their collections since 1981  the year franois mitterrand became president and jack lang his minister of culture  actually began in the last years of the previous centre right [people in charge] .

The budgetary procedures and the administration of the buildings will also be unified , although the Direction and the Runion will maintain their roles in shaping the museum 's budget and in acquisitions .
the budgetary procedures and the [people in charge] of the buildings will also be unified , although the direction and the runion will maintain their roles in shaping the museum 's budget and in acquisitions .

But he had a very large estate , and in the administration of it he needed the support of the king and his courts .
but he had a very large estate , and in the [people in charge] of it he needed the support of the king and his courts .

Despite his severe view of the temptations of the world , his spirituality allowed a very large place for the physical world and for the rights of those to whom the administration of this world had been committed .
despite his severe view of the temptations of the world , his spirituality allowed a very large place for the physical world and for the rights of those to whom the [people in charge] of this world had been committed .

The future lay with minds of a different type  minds which saw that government was a matter of administration , and not an attempt to reproduce on earth a pattern of things laid up in Heaven .
the future lay with minds of a different type  minds which saw that government was a matter of [people in charge] , and not an attempt to reproduce on earth a pattern of things laid up in heaven .

Buildings for the Academy 's administration and housing have not yet been acquired , although a complex in Berlin-Dahlem is being considered .
buildings for the academy 's [people in charge] and housing have not yet been acquired , although a complex in berlin-dahlem is being considered .

Brooke stated that a  substantial part  of its turnover would be devoted to  good causes  , but the Bill does not set out what proportion of the proceeds will be allocated respectively to prizes , to administration and to the said good causes .
brooke stated that a  substantial part  of its turnover would be devoted to  good causes  , but the bill does not set out what proportion of the proceeds will be allocated respectively to prizes , to [people in charge] and to the said good causes .

Last July a court in Aix refused Vasarely 's request to nominate a temporary administration to the Foundation but did appoint two experts to evaluate the assets of the Foundation and take stock of which works have been sold .
last july a court in aix refused vasarely 's request to nominate a temporary [people in charge] to the foundation but did appoint two experts to evaluate the assets of the foundation and take stock of which works have been sold .

Visitor numbers at the museum also saw a sharp falling off under the Fuchs administration : of the 200,000 expected in 1991 , only 124,000 materialised .
visitor numbers at the museum also saw a sharp falling off under the fuchs [people in charge] : of the 200,000 expected in 1991 , only 124,000 materialised .

December last , the Czech and Slovak Ministries of Culture signed a draft agreement covering future cooperation and the administration of  mutual settlements  concerning ownership .
december last , the czech and slovak ministries of culture signed a draft agreement covering future cooperation and the [people in charge] of  mutual settlements  concerning ownership .

October 29 : Antonov An2 of the Yeviakh air transportation organisation/Azerbaijani civil aviation administration hit a rock and crashed in thick fog near Khanabad village , Nagorno-Karabakh , killing three on board .
october 29 : antonov an2 of the yeviakh air transportation organisation/azerbaijani civil aviation [people in charge] hit a rock and crashed in thick fog near khanabad village , nagorno-karabakh , killing three on board .

Whether working in an expansive phase in which the techniques of  agitation  were widely used or in a  consolidationist  period in which  pressure from without  assumed less importance , antislavery needed to maximise its influence in parliament and the administration in order to translate aspiration into policy and ensure that policy was effectively executed .
whether working in an expansive phase in which the techniques of  agitation  were widely used or in a  consolidationist  period in which  pressure from without  assumed less importance , antislavery needed to maximise its influence in parliament and the [people in charge] in order to translate aspiration into policy and ensure that policy was effectively executed .

One such area was the treatment of slaves and administration of justice in the West Indies .
one such area was the treatment of slaves and [people in charge] of justice in the west indies .

Thus the Minister ( Secretary of State ) is responsible to Parliament for local educational administration .
thus the minister ( secretary of state ) is responsible to parliament for local educational [people in charge] .

At the same time as Shirley Williams ( Secretary of State for Education in the Callaghan administration which was to be defeated in the General Election of 1979 ) was conducting the  Great Debate  , inspectors from her Department were beginning a process of evaluation of the nation 's schools .
at the same time as shirley williams ( secretary of state for education in the callaghan [people in charge] which was to be defeated in the general election of 1979 ) was conducting the  great debate  , inspectors from her department were beginning a process of evaluation of the nation 's schools .

The design and development of tests is a well established formal procedure involving checking for internal consistency and absence of ambiguity , efficiency of administration and marking procedures and the production of norms for definitive populations .
the design and development of tests is a well established formal procedure involving checking for internal consistency and absence of ambiguity , efficiency of [people in charge] and marking procedures and the production of norms for definitive populations .

( Porket , 1978 , p. 72 ) Although unions sign  collective agreements  at factory or establishment level , the content is very different from those in western countries , embracing matters such as the fulfilment of state economic plans , the growth of labour productivity , work organisation and the administration of state social insurance and pensions .
( porket , 1978 , p. 72 ) although unions sign  collective agreements  at factory or establishment level , the content is very different from those in western countries , embracing matters such as the fulfilment of state economic plans , the growth of labour productivity , work organisation and the [people in charge] of state social insurance and pensions .

The stimulus to membership will be even greater if , in addition , local union representatives are actively involved in the administration of agreements and encourage union organisation and if employers are prepared to countenance , or even actively support , trade unionism for their employees ( Clegg , 1976 ) .
the stimulus to membership will be even greater if , in addition , local union representatives are actively involved in the [people in charge] of agreements and encourage union organisation and if employers are prepared to countenance , or even actively support , trade unionism for their employees ( clegg , 1976 ) .

Yet , at the same time , the wording of the administration of the bread and wine , which referred to them as the  body and blood  of Christ , implied the real presence so important in Luther 's theology .
yet , at the same time , the wording of the [people in charge] of the bread and wine , which referred to them as the  body and blood  of christ , implied the real presence so important in luther 's theology .

The wording of the administration no longer referred to the body and blood of Christ but emphasized instead the commemorative significance of the sacrament , the minister declaring :  Take and eat this in remembrance that Christ died for thee , and feed on him in thy heart by faith with thanksgiving .
the wording of the [people in charge] no longer referred to the body and blood of christ but emphasized instead the commemorative significance of the sacrament , the minister declaring :  take and eat this in remembrance that christ died for thee , and feed on him in thy heart by faith with thanksgiving .

The queen herself was quite ready to concede that her area of responsibility was confined to the administration and jurisdiction of the church and did not extend to defining  any article or point of the Christian faith and religion  .
the queen herself was quite ready to concede that her area of responsibility was confined to the [people in charge] and jurisdiction of the church and did not extend to defining  any article or point of the christian faith and religion  .

Then Nicu had been sent to the country 's second city , Sibiu , as leader of its Communist Party and de facto head of the local administration .
then nicu had been sent to the country 's second city , sibiu , as leader of its communist party and de facto head of the local [people in charge] .

Ceauescu 's typical response was to improve the distribution of food to his son 's county so that people would see the benefits of Nicu 's administration and quieten down .
ceauescu 's typical response was to improve the distribution of food to his son 's county so that people would see the benefits of nicu 's [people in charge] and quieten down .

As you can imagine the support network is extensive : mdash ; pastoral care for each team member , administration , typing , fund raising , auditing , transport and Care Trust homes programmes .
as you can imagine the support network is extensive : mdash ; pastoral care for each team member , [people in charge] , typing , fund raising , auditing , transport and care trust homes programmes .

However , many people have urged on us the importance of information programmes for improving people 's knowledge of credit choice and cost  including the Birmingham Money Advice Centre ( which sees it as particularly important for young people , and for social workers ) , the Finance Houses Association , the Consumer Credit Trade Association and the Institute of Trading Standards Administration .
however , many people have urged on us the importance of information programmes for improving people 's knowledge of credit choice and cost  including the birmingham money advice centre ( which sees it as particularly important for young people , and for social workers ) , the finance houses association , the consumer credit trade association and the institute of trading standards [people in charge] .

The Institute of Trading Standards Administration , which told us that some of its members are finding follow-on credit a problem in some places , suggested to us that , by regulation , follow-on agreements should count as one single agreement .
the institute of trading standards [people in charge] , which told us that some of its members are finding follow-on credit a problem in some places , suggested to us that , by regulation , follow-on agreements should count as one single agreement .

It was still empty and she wandered at will around the main hall , seeing only those involved in administration moving about .
it was still empty and she wandered at will around the main hall , seeing only those involved in [people in charge] moving about .

Some Portuguese gave the Company invaluable help , and Senhor de Sousa Santos , the Portuguese administrator of the southern province , would save the whole Company through his work in civil administration and respect among the local population .
some portuguese gave the company invaluable help , and senhor de sousa santos , the portuguese administrator of the southern province , would save the whole company through his work in civil [people in charge] and respect among the local population .

In a totally different category , however , have been the attempts to use the administration of the law for expedients such as unjustified murder charges in order to promote the political interests of the government .
in a totally different category , however , have been the attempts to use the [people in charge] of the law for expedients such as unjustified murder charges in order to promote the political interests of the government .

William Whitelaw , the secretary of state for Northern Ireland , and the Northern Ireland Office administration came under intense pressure from the public .
william whitelaw , the secretary of state for northern ireland , and the northern ireland office [people in charge] came under intense pressure from the public .

When the Heath administration first began to expand its intelligence activities in Ulster , it operated a number of agents , complete with English accents , before it built up an indigenous network .
when the heath [people in charge] first began to expand its intelligence activities in ulster , it operated a number of agents , complete with english accents , before it built up an indigenous network .

As pointed out in an earlier chapter , security was placed in the hands of the army as part of the innovations of the Whitelaw administration .
as pointed out in an earlier chapter , security was placed in the hands of the army as part of the innovations of the whitelaw [people in charge] .

Experience of wartime administration persuaded Labour leaders that they had a responsible role to play in a new economic system which had successfully revealed the inadequacies of laissez faire capitalism , while among the working-class electorate a sense of the potential of a new social order in the postwar period took root .
experience of wartime [people in charge] persuaded labour leaders that they had a responsible role to play in a new economic system which had successfully revealed the inadequacies of laissez faire capitalism , while among the working-class electorate a sense of the potential of a new social order in the postwar period took root .

Low levels existed in vehicles , banking and insurance , and public administration ( Table 1.2 ) .
low levels existed in vehicles , banking and insurance , and public [people in charge] ( table 1.2 ) .

Administration was placed on a sounder financial footing , its distribution made visible and public .
[people in charge] was placed on a sounder financial footing , its distribution made visible and public .

Writing from the 1890s through into the 1920s , Max Weber throughout his work was concerned to explain the emergence of a dominant system of rational  legal administration inside large-scale businesses and government agencies .
writing from the 1890s through into the 1920s , max weber throughout his work was concerned to explain the emergence of a dominant system of rational  legal [people in charge] inside large-scale businesses and government agencies .

He termed this new pattern of systematized organization  bureaucracy  , and argued that it must progressively supplant all rival systems of administration in a modern society because of its technical superiority in tackling problems and marshalling large-scale activity in a purposeful way .
he termed this new pattern of systematized organization  bureaucracy  , and argued that it must progressively supplant all rival systems of [people in charge] in a modern society because of its technical superiority in tackling problems and marshalling large-scale activity in a purposeful way .

Without in any way disavowing his previous stress on bureaucracies as essential to the administration of a modern state , Weber nonetheless concluded that the will of parliamentary elites could and should be imposed upon them .
without in any way disavowing his previous stress on bureaucracies as essential to the [people in charge] of a modern state , weber nonetheless concluded that the will of parliamentary elites could and should be imposed upon them .

Political and policy specialists from outside the formal career civil service dominate the top levels of American public administration ( Heclo , 1977 ) , and are increasingly evident in Canadian , Western European , and Australasian public administration .
political and policy specialists from outside the formal career civil service dominate the top levels of american public [people in charge] ( heclo , 1977 ) , and are increasingly evident in canadian , western european , and australasian public [people in charge] .

The SPD-led coalition governments in West Germany used Aussenseiter in order to integrate politics and administration in the persons of strategically sited officials ( Mayntz and Scharpf 1975 pp .
the spd-led coalition governments in west germany used aussenseiter in order to integrate politics and [people in charge] in the persons of strategically sited officials ( mayntz and scharpf 1975 pp .

This model provides the conventional wisdom of public administration in liberal democracies .
this model provides the conventional wisdom of public [people in charge] in liberal democracies .

In Western Europe the distinction between politics and administration is built into certain languages ( Aberbach et al .
in western europe the distinction between politics and [people in charge] is built into certain languages ( aberbach et al .

In these accounts bureaucracy can and should be a hyper-efficient organizational format for designing and executing policies , exemplifying an ideal of perfect or frictionless administration ( Hood , 1976 ) .
in these accounts bureaucracy can and should be a hyper-efficient organizational format for designing and executing policies , exemplifying an ideal of perfect or frictionless [people in charge] ( hood , 1976 ) .

Some classical organization theorists argued in favour of maintaining the authority principle even in conflict with expertise , so as to preserve the  unity of command  essential to democratically accountable administration ( Gulick , 1937 ) .
some classical organization theorists argued in favour of maintaining the authority principle even in conflict with expertise , so as to preserve the  unity of command  essential to democratically accountable [people in charge] ( gulick , 1937 ) .

Attempts to set up party penetration of administration without expertise are ineffective , weakening political co-ordination .
attempts to set up party penetration of [people in charge] without expertise are ineffective , weakening political co-ordination .

The logic of party competition , regular electoral successes by socialist and social democratic parties , rational administration and the control it gives party elites over the state machine have all contributed to the degree of centralization in liberal democracies .
the logic of party competition , regular electoral successes by socialist and social democratic parties , rational [people in charge] and the control it gives party elites over the state machine have all contributed to the degree of centralization in liberal democracies .

Modern organization theory stresses that political and administrative elites must decentralize policy implementation into sub-organizations with their own problem zones , rather than simply expand central government departments into vast line agencies with direct control over all administration .
modern organization theory stresses that political and administrative elites must decentralize policy implementation into sub-organizations with their own problem zones , rather than simply expand central government departments into vast line agencies with direct control over all [people in charge] .

Unsurprisingly , judges are not neutral in their interpretation of the public interest ( Griffith , 1985 , p. 235 ) , but are biased in the performance of their roles , both by their origins and by their location in a state structured in the interests of external business elites ; and where the law is implemented , in each case  it will be found that an organized group had an informed interest in effective administration  ( Edelman , 1964 , p. 41 ) .
unsurprisingly , judges are not neutral in their interpretation of the public interest ( griffith , 1985 , p. 235 ) , but are biased in the performance of their roles , both by their origins and by their location in a state structured in the interests of external business elites ; and where the law is implemented , in each case  it will be found that an organized group had an informed interest in effective [people in charge]  ( edelman , 1964 , p. 41 ) .

The reorganization of state administration is carried out at the behest of these elites , either directly , through unelected state officials , or indirectly , through elected politicians .
the reorganization of state [people in charge] is carried out at the behest of these elites , either directly , through unelected state officials , or indirectly , through elected politicians .

However , to say that the state is autonomous of external control does not imply that the personnel who staff key policy-making roles are guaranteed centralized , co-ordinated and hierarchical control over a  machine  , let alone one capable of perfect administration with zero implementation failure .
however , to say that the state is autonomous of external control does not imply that the personnel who staff key policy-making roles are guaranteed centralized , co-ordinated and hierarchical control over a  machine  , let alone one capable of perfect [people in charge] with zero implementation failure .

The complex bureaucracy of capitalism could be replaced with a simple-to-operate  workers  administration ' run by elected soviets , and with ordinary workers rotating into any remaining functionary positions .
the complex bureaucracy of capitalism could be replaced with a simple-to-operate  workers  [people in charge] ' run by elected soviets , and with ordinary workers rotating into any remaining functionary positions .

Fourth , the  legitimating process is shifting towards plebiscitary and purely manipulatory circuits ( the media ) dominated by the administration and the executive  ( Poulantzas , 1978 , p. 229 ) .
fourth , the  legitimating process is shifting towards plebiscitary and purely manipulatory circuits ( the media ) dominated by the [people in charge] and the executive  ( poulantzas , 1978 , p. 229 ) .

These interests are sifted , ranked and transmitted by the state administration to the president and his key aides , who initiate appropriate political action on them .
these interests are sifted , ranked and transmitted by the state [people in charge] to the president and his key aides , who initiate appropriate political action on them .

Apple Computer Inc chairman and chief executive officer John Sculley 's name has made it to the short list to be Secretary of Commerce in the Clinton Administration : if he takes the cabinet post , Apple 's likely to look outside for a replacement .
apple computer inc chairman and chief executive officer john sculley 's name has made it to the short list to be secretary of commerce in the clinton [people in charge] : if he takes the cabinet post , apple 's likely to look outside for a replacement .

But British administration made it impossible to charge someone openly with killing another by witchcraft .
but british [people in charge] made it impossible to charge someone openly with killing another by witchcraft .

In the Lugbara case , the ancestors make no bones about their direct administration of the moral code : if you do not toe the line they quickly bring you to your knees with a few sharp , salutary lessons .
in the lugbara case , the ancestors make no bones about their direct [people in charge] of the moral code : if you do not toe the line they quickly bring you to your knees with a few sharp , salutary lessons .

The Usenix Systems Administration Conference has been scheduled for October 1923 at the Sheraton Long Beach in Long Beach , California .
the usenix systems [people in charge] conference has been scheduled for october 1923 at the sheraton long beach in long beach , california .

The Usenix Systems Administration Conference has been scheduled for October 1923 at the Sheraton Long Beach in Long Beach , California .
the usenix systems [people in charge] conference has been scheduled for october 1923 at the sheraton long beach in long beach , california .

 At the end of a month-long dispute they succeeded in obtaining the contract for these jobs from the hospital administration and were consequently entitled to the wage guaranteed by the National Cleaners Contract  .
 at the end of a month-long dispute they succeeded in obtaining the contract for these jobs from the hospital [people in charge] and were consequently entitled to the wage guaranteed by the national cleaners contract  .

The tendency to split up was strengthened by another result of the absence of involvement of the government in London : the colonists had to work out how to handle their local problems of administration and , while there was virtually no idea of challenging the power of the monarch in England , policies had to be decided much faster than the royal government could ever manage .
the tendency to split up was strengthened by another result of the absence of involvement of the government in london : the colonists had to work out how to handle their local problems of [people in charge] and , while there was virtually no idea of challenging the power of the monarch in england , policies had to be decided much faster than the royal government could ever manage .

The government had been thinking about ways for the administration to maintain some degree of control over the colonies since the mid-1650s ; in 1675 Charles set up the first organization to establish any record of continuity , a sign that his possessions overseas were settling down into some sort of discernible order .
the government had been thinking about ways for the [people in charge] to maintain some degree of control over the colonies since the mid-1650s ; in 1675 charles set up the first organization to establish any record of continuity , a sign that his possessions overseas were settling down into some sort of discernible order .

When a colony was launched as the property of a single owner he , or one of his family , might go out to oversee the administration but he was unlikely to cut his links with England , if only because it was important to be able to maintain the court favour which was part of the political strength needed by anyone who wanted to run a colony on his own .
when a colony was launched as the property of a single owner he , or one of his family , might go out to oversee the [people in charge] but he was unlikely to cut his links with england , if only because it was important to be able to maintain the court favour which was part of the political strength needed by anyone who wanted to run a colony on his own .

Fremont , California-based Independence Technologies Inc has announced iView Fast Track , its Unix-based software for tracking hardware-software and administration problems : the software supports Open Look and the Open Software Foundation 's Motif graphical user interfaces and runs Oracle , Informix or Sybase relational databases ; available on Sun Microsystems Inc 's Sparcstations it sells for $5,500 .
fremont , california-based independence technologies inc has announced iview fast track , its unix-based software for tracking hardware-software and [people in charge] problems : the software supports open look and the open software foundation 's motif graphical user interfaces and runs oracle , informix or sybase relational databases ; available on sun microsystems inc 's sparcstations it sells for $5,500 .

Westborough , Massachusetts-based , Applix Inc has appointed Craig Cervo as vice president of research and development and Patrick Scannell as vice president of finance and administration .
westborough , massachusetts-based , applix inc has appointed craig cervo as vice president of research and development and patrick scannell as vice president of finance and [people in charge] .

Yet Pickard was keen also to echo the more positive tone of the seminar and the alleged changing face of the administration in this country , when he said ,  There are still many things to be done but there is renewed enthusiasm and that must be maintained .
yet pickard was keen also to echo the more positive tone of the seminar and the alleged changing face of the [people in charge] in this country , when he said ,  there are still many things to be done but there is renewed enthusiasm and that must be maintained .

From the Frasque , they thought , their leaders might obtain the t vin secrets of social control and personal immortality : two valuable aids to peaceful and effective administration .
from the frasque , they thought , their leaders might obtain the t vin secrets of social control and personal immortality : two valuable aids to peaceful and effective [people in charge] .

For every Western aid worker , there are at least five Somali aid workers who , like Hawa the nurse , put themselves at greater risk , work longer hours for little or no money , and provide a body of local people who may be able to continue their work in health care or administration after the fighting is over .
for every western aid worker , there are at least five somali aid workers who , like hawa the nurse , put themselves at greater risk , work longer hours for little or no money , and provide a body of local people who may be able to continue their work in health care or [people in charge] after the fighting is over .

At a more advanced level , management and leadership development courses cover administration , planning , communication and facilitation skills .
at a more advanced level , management and leadership development courses cover [people in charge] , planning , communication and facilitation skills .

Moreover , he was becoming increasingly annoyed at the Communists ' blatant attempts to maximize their influence wherever it mattered  in , for example , the army and the administration  and to dictate strategy .
moreover , he was becoming increasingly annoyed at the communists ' blatant attempts to maximize their influence wherever it mattered  in , for example , the army and the [people in charge]  and to dictate strategy .

The great British public , most of whom would have been hard pressed to name three members of the Cabinet of this or any administration , were pre-occupied with chasing the sun in one of the rainiest summers in recent years and took the loss of a junior minister with equanimity .
the great british public , most of whom would have been hard pressed to name three members of the cabinet of this or any [people in charge] , were pre-occupied with chasing the sun in one of the rainiest summers in recent years and took the loss of a junior minister with equanimity .

Here is Camp 3 , here is the Central Administration complex .
here is camp 3 , here is the central [people in charge] complex .

The little parade that he witnessed through the steamed window of the Administration block was a wound to him .
the little parade that he witnessed through the steamed window of the [people in charge] block was a wound to him .

It was hard for the Major to see the little procession that moved away from the Administration block towards the heart of the camp , but he fancied he could still make out one dark head amongst the hazing image of the retreating column .
it was hard for the major to see the little procession that moved away from the [people in charge] block towards the heart of the camp , but he fancied he could still make out one dark head amongst the hazing image of the retreating column .

Adimov in the Hut , and Rudakov in the Administration .
adimov in the hut , and rudakov in the [people in charge] .

Past Hut 3 , turn to the left , past the gate and Administration which was now a darkened hulk , past where the roof of the camp 's prison peeped over the fences , turn to the left , past Hut 4 , past the old Kitchen which was now a sleeping hut , past the Bath house and then Hut 6 , past the Store , turn to the left , past the Guard Room , turn to the left , past Hut 1  three hundred and eighty-five paces  Away from Hut 2 .
past hut 3 , turn to the left , past the gate and [people in charge] which was now a darkened hulk , past where the roof of the camp 's prison peeped over the fences , turn to the left , past hut 4 , past the old kitchen which was now a sleeping hut , past the bath house and then hut 6 , past the store , turn to the left , past the guard room , turn to the left , past hut 1  three hundred and eighty-five paces  away from hut 2 .

He waited , bandaged in his own thoughts , for the summons to the Administration block .
he waited , bandaged in his own thoughts , for the summons to the [people in charge] block .

Each morning there was a rota of men designated to fill the coal containers for the day  buckets for the Administration offices and the Guard Room and the barracks , sacks for the huts  from the central heap of fuel beside the compound gate .
each morning there was a rota of men designated to fill the coal containers for the day  buckets for the [people in charge] offices and the guard room and the barracks , sacks for the huts  from the central heap of fuel beside the compound gate .

The girl was gone from his mind , swept aside by the burned-out office at the end of the Administration block .
the girl was gone from his mind , swept aside by the burned-out office at the end of the [people in charge] block .

The spell was broken , the pool was rippled from its serenity by the way he snapped instructions to her and then ran to the Administration block .
the spell was broken , the pool was rippled from its serenity by the way he snapped instructions to her and then ran to the [people in charge] block .

The end of the Administration block was a grotesque mess .
the end of the [people in charge] block was a grotesque mess .

An accident or an attack , he wondered , and stamped the snow from his walking shoes on the steps of the main Administration doorway .
an accident or an attack , he wondered , and stamped the snow from his walking shoes on the steps of the main [people in charge] doorway .

Holly searched for the next opportunity to strike again at the administration of the camp that held him .
holly searched for the next opportunity to strike again at the [people in charge] of the camp that held him .

 They read it for me in Administration . 
 they read it for me in [people in charge] . 

 After the place where they have dug the hole , after that all the water flows to the barracks and the administration ? 
 after the place where they have dug the hole , after that all the water flows to the barracks and the [people in charge] ? 

Now it is operating with a team of four covering Administration , locomotives and Rolling Stock , Operating and Commercial sections .
now it is operating with a team of four covering [people in charge] , locomotives and rolling stock , operating and commercial sections .

Administration and overhead costs to the builder will be reduced for such items as national insurance contributions , holidays with pay , sick pay , tool money and redundancy payments .
[people in charge] and overhead costs to the builder will be reduced for such items as national insurance contributions , holidays with pay , sick pay , tool money and redundancy payments .

Overheads and administration
overheads and [people in charge]

In either case , the work will probably be re-let at a lower rate , thus providing a profit or administration surcharge for the original sub-contractor .
in either case , the work will probably be re-let at a lower rate , thus providing a profit or [people in charge] surcharge for the original sub-contractor .

Advantages to the individual sub-contractors from continuity of work and reduced administration offset the marginal discount in the rates , to cover the overheads of the agency .
advantages to the individual sub-contractors from continuity of work and reduced [people in charge] offset the marginal discount in the rates , to cover the overheads of the agency .

( d ) The builder has the advantages of greater control over cost and reduced administration .
( d ) the builder has the advantages of greater control over cost and reduced [people in charge] .

The water authority now have the responsibility for foul sewers , but they often delegate certain aspects of administration and maintenance to the engineer and surveyor 's department of the local authority .
the water authority now have the responsibility for foul sewers , but they often delegate certain aspects of [people in charge] and maintenance to the engineer and surveyor 's department of the local authority .

Offset against this return will be all the various costs involved in the development , including : Professional fees Architects ' fees Planning and building regulation fees National House-Building Council fees Services Foul and storm water sewers Electricity Gas Water Telephone and street lighting Roads and footpaths House and construction costs Types and floor area and price per square metre Plot siteworks Drainage Fences Drives and paths Landscaping Marketing costs Legal fees Agents ' fees and advertising costs Administration and overheads General overheads Interest calculated from projected cash flow Profit expected
offset against this return will be all the various costs involved in the development , including : professional fees architects ' fees planning and building regulation fees national house-building council fees services foul and storm water sewers electricity gas water telephone and street lighting roads and footpaths house and construction costs types and floor area and price per square metre plot siteworks drainage fences drives and paths landscaping marketing costs legal fees agents ' fees and advertising costs [people in charge] and overheads general overheads interest calculated from projected cash flow profit expected

When considering the on-cost on stocks the builder must take into account the employment costs of storekeepers , stock lost owing to obsolescence and deterioration , insurance , interest on capital invested , and overhead costs associated with administration and floor space .
when considering the on-cost on stocks the builder must take into account the employment costs of storekeepers , stock lost owing to obsolescence and deterioration , insurance , interest on capital invested , and overhead costs associated with [people in charge] and floor space .

The majority of companies will opt for alternative ( a ) or ( b ) for ease of administration .
the majority of companies will opt for alternative ( a ) or ( b ) for ease of [people in charge] .

Belov warned her that she 'd have to go in , but he promised her that she 'd be going no further than the administration block on the street .
belov warned her that she 'd have to go in , but he promised her that she 'd be going no further than the [people in charge] block on the street .

Continued tensions led in January 1989 to the establishment of a  special form of administration  , in effect direct rule from Moscow , headed by Arkadii Vol'sky , who had been appointed the previous summer to represent the central government in the contested region .
continued tensions led in january 1989 to the establishment of a  special form of [people in charge]  , in effect direct rule from moscow , headed by arkadii vol'sky , who had been appointed the previous summer to represent the central government in the contested region .

Further disorders were precipitated by the decision to abolish the special administration in November 1989 and return Nagorno-Karabakh to Azerbaijani rule ; and in January 1990 the dispute extended into inter-communal violence across both republics , precipitated by an Armenian decision to extend the provisions of their republican budget and electoral law to the disputed enclave .
further disorders were precipitated by the decision to abolish the special [people in charge] in november 1989 and return nagorno-karabakh to azerbaijani rule ; and in january 1990 the dispute extended into inter-communal violence across both republics , precipitated by an armenian decision to extend the provisions of their republican budget and electoral law to the disputed enclave .

Tensions became still greater in late 1990 following the success of the  Round Table/Free Georgia  coalition at the elections and the formation of a nationalist administration headed by the veteran dissident Zviad Gamsakhurdia .
tensions became still greater in late 1990 following the success of the  round table/free georgia  coalition at the elections and the formation of a nationalist [people in charge] headed by the veteran dissident zviad gamsakhurdia .

Gorbachev 's early policy pronouncements gave little indication that one of the central features of his administration would be its emphasis on  new thinking  in international affairs .
gorbachev 's early policy pronouncements gave little indication that one of the central features of his [people in charge] would be its emphasis on  new thinking  in international affairs .

This , the Theses made clear , was the  foreign policy credo  of the Gorbachev administration ; already it had begun to become a reality with the establishment of a broad dialogue with foreign governments and ordinary citizens , the recognition of the variety of national forms in the socialist community , and a series of international agreements on nuclear arms and other issues .
this , the theses made clear , was the  foreign policy credo  of the gorbachev [people in charge] ; already it had begun to become a reality with the establishment of a broad dialogue with foreign governments and ordinary citizens , the recognition of the variety of national forms in the socialist community , and a series of international agreements on nuclear arms and other issues .

If economic reform was the  key to all our problems  at the outset of Gorbachev 's administration and political reform increasingly the means by which it was to be accomplished , the ultimate objective remained the achievement of a form of socialism which advanced decisively on those that had preceded it .
if economic reform was the  key to all our problems  at the outset of gorbachev 's [people in charge] and political reform increasingly the means by which it was to be accomplished , the ultimate objective remained the achievement of a form of socialism which advanced decisively on those that had preceded it .

And yet six years into the new administration , or even after it , the nature of Gorbachevian socialism remained frustratingly elusive .
and yet six years into the new [people in charge] , or even after it , the nature of gorbachevian socialism remained frustratingly elusive .

Most of them never had experience of : town and country planning , administration of trusts , company law , partnership law , tax planning , book-keeping and accounts , commercial law , or ( doubtless ) advocacy .
most of them never had experience of : town and country planning , [people in charge] of trusts , company law , partnership law , tax planning , book-keeping and accounts , commercial law , or ( doubtless ) advocacy .

Now legislation arises either from major political commitments made by the Cabinet ( or earlier by the Shadow Cabinet while the party was in opposition ) , or it is of a more routine nature and comes from within the departments when they find their existing powers insufficient or inappropriate for the conduct of administration along accepted lines .
now legislation arises either from major political commitments made by the cabinet ( or earlier by the shadow cabinet while the party was in opposition ) , or it is of a more routine nature and comes from within the departments when they find their existing powers insufficient or inappropriate for the conduct of [people in charge] along accepted lines .

Viewed in the long term , the importance of the Expenditure Committee was that it helped to persuade the Commons as a whole of the need for a more comprehensive effort to review the processes of public administration .
viewed in the long term , the importance of the expenditure committee was that it helped to persuade the commons as a whole of the need for a more comprehensive effort to review the processes of public [people in charge] .

Some committees prefer to concentrate on broader issues of policy and administration .
some committees prefer to concentrate on broader issues of policy and [people in charge] .

Here the problem was not so much party loyalty as the fact that parliamentary procedures no longer fitted into the timescale or permitted an understanding of current administration .
here the problem was not so much party loyalty as the fact that parliamentary procedures no longer fitted into the timescale or permitted an understanding of current [people in charge] .

In 1966 the Labour Government agreed to establish two similar committees to examine specific areas of policy-making and administration  science and technology and agriculture .
in 1966 the labour government agreed to establish two similar committees to examine specific areas of policy-making and [people in charge]  science and technology and agriculture .

Even if the committees do not persuade ministers and civil servants to change what they do , their very existence makes Whitehall aware that any aspect of policy or administration may become the subject of more searching scrutiny than would be possible in the Commons ' chamber .
even if the committees do not persuade ministers and civil servants to change what they do , their very existence makes whitehall aware that any aspect of policy or [people in charge] may become the subject of more searching scrutiny than would be possible in the commons ' chamber .

Besides the fourteen committees discussed above that are concerned with the policy and administration of particular departments , there are further select committees on public accounts , privilege , statutory instruments , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and others besides .
besides the fourteen committees discussed above that are concerned with the policy and [people in charge] of particular departments , there are further select committees on public accounts , privilege , statutory instruments , the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] and others besides .

Their Lordships accept the  Salisbury doctrine  , produced by Lord Salisbury during the era of the post-war Attlee administration , which asserts that the Upper House should not stop the second reading of a bill that embodies proposals which appeared in the election manifesto of the governing party .
their lordships accept the  salisbury doctrine  , produced by lord salisbury during the era of the post-war attlee [people in charge] , which asserts that the upper house should not stop the second reading of a bill that embodies proposals which appeared in the election manifesto of the governing party .

Though local government is important in Britain and there is some decentralized administration , the chief impetus and the major decisions all come from the central departments of state based in Whitehall .
though local government is important in britain and there is some decentralized [people in charge] , the chief impetus and the major decisions all come from the central departments of state based in whitehall .

Wales was conquered and subjected in the middle ages , Scotland 's parliament and administration were absorbed in 1707 , Ireland lost all but local administration in 1801 and the British upper classes reacted in horror at the prospect not of Irish independence but of an element of internal self-government when it was proposed by Gladstone in 1886 .
wales was conquered and subjected in the middle ages , scotland 's parliament and [people in charge] were absorbed in 1707 , ireland lost all but local [people in charge] in 1801 and the british upper classes reacted in horror at the prospect not of irish independence but of an element of internal self-government when it was proposed by gladstone in 1886 .

It is not possible to take separate sectors of administration , appoint an official to be in charge , give him a budget and let him get on with it , because if anything is raised in the press or in the House about this sector , there must be an immediate channel of communications to and instructions from the top .
it is not possible to take separate sectors of [people in charge] , appoint an official to be in charge , give him a budget and let him get on with it , because if anything is raised in the press or in the house about this sector , there must be an immediate channel of communications to and instructions from the top .

Government departments are now so vast that it is unrealistic to expect a minister to know all about matters of administration .
government departments are now so vast that it is unrealistic to expect a minister to know all about matters of [people in charge] .

Training has been  in-service  rather than before entry , and the highest posts have not gone to specialists but to broadly educated men and women who have specialized only in administration .
training has been  in-service  rather than before entry , and the highest posts have not gone to specialists but to broadly educated men and women who have specialized only in [people in charge] .

The exceptions are Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales , experiments with regional offices and controllers in England having done nothing to alter the fact that both policy and much of the details of administration are still controlled from Whitehall .
the exceptions are northern ireland , scotland and wales , experiments with regional offices and controllers in england having done nothing to alter the fact that both policy and much of the details of [people in charge] are still controlled from whitehall .

This act allocated agriculture , health , home affairs , education , housing , roads and indeed all internal administration to a local executive and civil service responsible to the Stormont parliament .
this act allocated agriculture , health , home affairs , education , housing , roads and indeed all internal [people in charge] to a local executive and civil service responsible to the stormont parliament .

Some would argue that these programmes did not reflect contemporary reality because ministers in the Thatcher administration were generally more assertive than their predecessors .
some would argue that these programmes did not reflect contemporary reality because ministers in the thatcher [people in charge] were generally more assertive than their predecessors .

And while it may be admirable that ministers take initiatives to disturb the bland continuity of civil service administration , there is a further , separate question of whether the policies injected by ministers are desirable .
and while it may be admirable that ministers take initiatives to disturb the bland continuity of civil service [people in charge] , there is a further , separate question of whether the policies injected by ministers are desirable .

In part , this is because the civil service is a closed corporation , over-specialized in  general administration  and London-based to the point of becoming parochial .
in part , this is because the civil service is a closed corporation , over-specialized in  general [people in charge]  and london-based to the point of becoming parochial .

If a committee wishes to go beyond the scrutiny of administration and to challenge the basis of policy , then it is time for a minister to come and argue in favour of the policy under review .
if a committee wishes to go beyond the scrutiny of [people in charge] and to challenge the basis of policy , then it is time for a minister to come and argue in favour of the policy under review .

However , the boundary between policy and administration is often blurred and civil servants may be led dangerously close to the discussion of policy .
however , the boundary between policy and [people in charge] is often blurred and civil servants may be led dangerously close to the discussion of policy .

The contrary view is that such outsiders , fired with enthusiasm but lacking in experience of the realities of administration , would tend to produce ideas possibly admirable in theory but which would not work in practice .
the contrary view is that such outsiders , fired with enthusiasm but lacking in experience of the realities of [people in charge] , would tend to produce ideas possibly admirable in theory but which would not work in practice .

In the late nineteenth century , all administration was grouped at two levels  central and local  so that at each level , decisions could be subjected to the scrutiny of an elected body .
in the late nineteenth century , all [people in charge] was grouped at two levels  central and local  so that at each level , decisions could be subjected to the scrutiny of an elected body .

Numerous ad hoc bodies have been created to run specific functions such as broadcasting and television , the ports , industrial training schemes and the administration of government property .
numerous ad hoc bodies have been created to run specific functions such as broadcasting and television , the ports , industrial training schemes and the [people in charge] of government property .

The growth of quangos fits in with the idea that the burden on ministers could be eased if government departments concentrated on the development of policy and  hived off  large blocs of routine administration .
the growth of quangos fits in with the idea that the burden on ministers could be eased if government departments concentrated on the development of policy and  hived off  large blocs of routine [people in charge] .

Nor were the levels of resources available enough to pay for the increased skills needed for the more complex requirements of local administration .
nor were the levels of resources available enough to pay for the increased skills needed for the more complex requirements of local [people in charge] .

In part , these feelings sprang from the tremendously centralized tradition of British society and administration .
in part , these feelings sprang from the tremendously centralized tradition of british society and [people in charge] .

The local government legislation of the Thatcher administration represents a marked change in Conservative policy .
the local government legislation of the thatcher [people in charge] represents a marked change in conservative policy .

There have been complaints that central departments are inefficient because they are overburdened ; the Fulton Committee on the Civil Service urged the  hiving-off  of units dealing with routine administration which were little concerned with major policy issues .
there have been complaints that central departments are inefficient because they are overburdened ; the fulton committee on the civil service urged the  hiving-off  of units dealing with routine [people in charge] which were little concerned with major policy issues .

The task of these boards and councils was to draw together the planning and administration of the area , to produce comprehensive studies setting out regional priorities and to link the efforts of central government and local authorities .
the task of these boards and councils was to draw together the planning and [people in charge] of the area , to produce comprehensive studies setting out regional priorities and to link the efforts of central government and local authorities .

In Scotland and Wales public pressure developed for more independence than could be gained from decentralized administration .
in scotland and wales public pressure developed for more independence than could be gained from decentralized [people in charge] .

In other parts of the world there have been cases where it was desired to combine a system of local independent governments with a unifying central administration which would provide strength especially for foreign affairs and defence .
in other parts of the world there have been cases where it was desired to combine a system of local independent governments with a unifying central [people in charge] which would provide strength especially for foreign affairs and defence .

But these reforms failed to coalesce into a coherent system because there was no prevailing political doctrine which could provide answers to such questions as , how much power or influence should the House of Commons exercise or how far is it  desirable to have some democratic control over local and regional administration ?
but these reforms failed to coalesce into a coherent system because there was no prevailing political doctrine which could provide answers to such questions as , how much power or influence should the house of commons exercise or how far is it  desirable to have some democratic control over local and regional [people in charge] ?

If the present drift in ideas and in practice was recognized and accepted , the British political system could openly be established on a popular plebiscitary basis , with a quinquennial election to put one party or the other in power checked only by  advisory committees  at certain levels  the Commons in the centre and similar nominated or elected bodies at suitable subordinate points in the administration .
if the present drift in ideas and in practice was recognized and accepted , the british political system could openly be established on a popular plebiscitary basis , with a quinquennial election to put one party or the other in power checked only by  advisory committees  at certain levels  the commons in the centre and similar nominated or elected bodies at suitable subordinate points in the [people in charge] .

Clause four declared that the objective of the party was  to secure for the producers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry , and the most equitable distribution thereof that may be possible , upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and the best obtainable system of popular administration and control of each industry and service  .
clause four declared that the objective of the party was  to secure for the producers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry , and the most equitable distribution thereof that may be possible , upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and the best obtainable system of popular [people in charge] and control of each industry and service  .

It seems to be unusual for the Prime Minister or the Lord Chancellor to consult other ministers ( except that the Lord Chancellor may discuss the matter with the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General ) unless any such minister happens to be also a distinguished member of the bar , as was Sir Stafford Cripps in Mr Attlee 's administration from 1945 .
it seems to be unusual for the prime minister or the lord chancellor to consult other ministers ( except that the lord chancellor may discuss the matter with the attorney-general and the solicitor-general ) unless any such minister happens to be also a distinguished member of the bar , as was sir stafford cripps in mr attlee 's [people in charge] from 1945 .

Sir John had been a Conservative councillor and had presided over the National Industrial Relations Court for the two and a half years of its existence during the Heath administration .
sir john had been a conservative councillor and had presided over the national industrial relations court for the two and a half years of its existence during the heath [people in charge] .

When the subject enters the political arena and becomes politically controversial , we assume an elective silence on the political issues and confine ourselves , if we intervene at all , to constitutional or legal questions or views on practical matters affecting the law and its administration where our views may naturally be expected and sought .
when the subject enters the political arena and becomes politically controversial , we assume an elective silence on the political issues and confine ourselves , if we intervene at all , to constitutional or legal questions or views on practical matters affecting the law and its [people in charge] where our views may naturally be expected and sought .

Then in 1971 Sir Edmund Compton ( not a judge but the former Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration ) chaired an enquiry into allegations of physical brutality by the security forces .
then in 1971 sir edmund compton ( not a judge but the former parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] ) chaired an enquiry into allegations of physical brutality by the security forces .

In 1974 Lord Gardiner was appointed chairman of a committee to consider what provisions and powers , consistent to the maximum extent practicable in the circumstances with the preservation of civil liberties and human rights , were required to deal with terrorism and subversion in Northern Ireland , including provisions for the administration of justice ; and to examine the working of the Act of 1973 .
in 1974 lord gardiner was appointed chairman of a committee to consider what provisions and powers , consistent to the maximum extent practicable in the circumstances with the preservation of civil liberties and human rights , were required to deal with terrorism and subversion in northern ireland , including provisions for the [people in charge] of justice ; and to examine the working of the act of 1973 .

The  controversies of the day  certainly included the dispute over clause 43 of the Administration of Justice Bill in 1985 , by which the Government proposed to end the citizen 's right to go to the Court of Appeal when a lower court refused to give leave to apply for judicial review of the decision of a Minister or other public authority .
the  controversies of the day  certainly included the dispute over clause 43 of the [people in charge] of justice bill in 1985 , by which the government proposed to end the citizen 's right to go to the court of appeal when a lower court refused to give leave to apply for judicial review of the decision of a minister or other public authority .

It was also reported in August 1989 that Circuit Judge Bracewell was to play a vital role in the administration of the Children Act , advising on the system needed to match individual cases to the court best fitted to deal with them .
it was also reported in august 1989 that circuit judge bracewell was to play a vital role in the [people in charge] of the children act , advising on the system needed to match individual cases to the court best fitted to deal with them .

In November 1987 , the head of the Chancery Division of the High Court , Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson , in a public lecture spoke of a threat to the independence of the legal system arising  by reason of the executive 's control of finance and administration  .
in november 1987 , the head of the chancery division of the high court , sir nicolas browne-wilkinson , in a public lecture spoke of a threat to the independence of the legal system arising  by reason of the executive 's control of finance and [people in charge]  .

This had affected staffing levels , prejudicing the proper administration of justice .
this had affected staffing levels , prejudicing the proper [people in charge] of justice .

It creeps up insidiously ; it creeps up step by step ; and all of a sudden the unfortunate citizen realizes that [ freedom ] has gone  One asks whether we are now seeing tools being fashioned which by some future , perhaps less scrupulous , Government may be used to weaken the independent administration of justice and so undermine the rule of law .
it creeps up insidiously ; it creeps up step by step ; and all of a sudden the unfortunate citizen realizes that [ freedom ] has gone  one asks whether we are now seeing tools being fashioned which by some future , perhaps less scrupulous , government may be used to weaken the independent [people in charge] of justice and so undermine the rule of law .

Lord Ackner inveighed against  political considerations , political dogma and doctrine which are about to do untold harm to the future quality of the administration of justice .
lord ackner inveighed against  political considerations , political dogma and doctrine which are about to do untold harm to the future quality of the [people in charge] of justice .

This structures personal attitudes of and towards the elderly and is the underlying premise of much policy and its administration .
this structures personal attitudes of and towards the elderly and is the underlying premise of much policy and its [people in charge] .

Increasing further the proportion of owner-occupiers could be achieved by giving substantial inducements to potential owners , or by making the public rented sector less attractive , as is being done in a variety of ways in the late 1980s by the Conservative administration .
increasing further the proportion of owner-occupiers could be achieved by giving substantial inducements to potential owners , or by making the public rented sector less attractive , as is being done in a variety of ways in the late 1980s by the conservative [people in charge] .

But there is usually an effective distinction from the institutions of simple commodity production even where the cultural work is quite clearly a commodity it is almost always , and often justly , also described in very different terms  and from the institutions or power and administration , in which purposes and objectives are inherent .
but there is usually an effective distinction from the institutions of simple commodity production even where the cultural work is quite clearly a commodity it is almost always , and often justly , also described in very different terms  and from the institutions or power and [people in charge] , in which purposes and objectives are inherent .

The general cultural problem was not at this stage acute , for writing was still primarily a technique of administration , record and contract .
the general cultural problem was not at this stage acute , for writing was still primarily a technique of [people in charge] , record and contract .

Not all of it  just the administration block .
not all of it  just the [people in charge] block .

However , those farmers who are more exclusively business-oriented  the agribusinessmen and active managerials  and are less concerned about village affairs , may have been somewhat relieved to find that the village population no longer expects them to engage in time-consuming and tedious parochial administration .
however , those farmers who are more exclusively business-oriented  the agribusinessmen and active managerials  and are less concerned about village affairs , may have been somewhat relieved to find that the village population no longer expects them to engage in time-consuming and tedious parochial [people in charge] .

In so doing the newcomers have contributed to the sense of urban encroachment on rural political affairs among farmers and landowners which goes back over a much longer period , and which has been associated with changes in the institutions of political control in the countryside : the gradual decline in the personalized and autocratic power of the locally resident squirearchy and the transfer of public administration to a more formal and impersonal framework of local government since local politics were first placed on a democratic footing in 1888 .
in so doing the newcomers have contributed to the sense of urban encroachment on rural political affairs among farmers and landowners which goes back over a much longer period , and which has been associated with changes in the institutions of political control in the countryside : the gradual decline in the personalized and autocratic power of the locally resident squirearchy and the transfer of public [people in charge] to a more formal and impersonal framework of local government since local politics were first placed on a democratic footing in 1888 .

Moreover , much of the day-to-day administration has been placed in the hands of salaried officials with the specialized knowledge required to understand the complexities of modern local government administration .
moreover , much of the day-to-day [people in charge] has been placed in the hands of salaried officials with the specialized knowledge required to understand the complexities of modern local government [people in charge] .

Successive reforms of local government administration , which have sought to make it more efficient , have produced a more rationalized but also a more centralized system , which has brought about a necessary decline in local autonomy .
successive reforms of local government [people in charge] , which have sought to make it more efficient , have produced a more rationalized but also a more centralized system , which has brought about a necessary decline in local autonomy .

By merging rural district councils with nearby urban districts and county councils with county boroughs , it was widely believed that not only was administration bound to become even more remote , but that the control of rural affairs would be handed over to urban interests with no understanding of agriculture and the ways of the countryside .
by merging rural district councils with nearby urban districts and county councils with county boroughs , it was widely believed that not only was [people in charge] bound to become even more remote , but that the control of rural affairs would be handed over to urban interests with no understanding of agriculture and the ways of the countryside .

 If anyone asks at some later date , you can claim some oversight in your office administration .
 if anyone asks at some later date , you can claim some oversight in your office [people in charge] .

Similarly , with the state lacking means of its own to regulate the conduct of business by its subjects overseas it was convenient to delegate this function to the great trading companies , which also assumed responsibility for general colonial administration .
similarly , with the state lacking means of its own to regulate the conduct of business by its subjects overseas it was convenient to delegate this function to the great trading companies , which also assumed responsibility for general colonial [people in charge] .

He 'd been given a position in prison administration in Paris , and Sylvia thought he might be of help to her in finding Madeleine and Jeanne .
he 'd been given a position in prison [people in charge] in paris , and sylvia thought he might be of help to her in finding madeleine and jeanne .

By constitution we mean , whenever we speak with propriety and exactness , that assemblage of laws , institutions and customs , derived from certain fixed principles of reason , directed to certain fixed objects of public good , that compose the general system according to which the community hath agreed to be governed  We call this a good government , when  the whole administration of public affairs is wisely pursued , and with a strict conformity to the principles and objects of the constitution .
by constitution we mean , whenever we speak with propriety and exactness , that assemblage of laws , institutions and customs , derived from certain fixed principles of reason , directed to certain fixed objects of public good , that compose the general system according to which the community hath agreed to be governed  we call this a good government , when  the whole [people in charge] of public affairs is wisely pursued , and with a strict conformity to the principles and objects of the constitution .

Parliament debates the great issues of the day , controls national expenditure and taxation , criticises government policy as an aid to its improvement , scrutinises the work of the central administration , and ensures the redress of collective and individual grievances .
parliament debates the great issues of the day , controls national expenditure and taxation , criticises government policy as an aid to its improvement , scrutinises the work of the central [people in charge] , and ensures the redress of collective and individual grievances .

Everywhere and inevitably the administrative process is also part of the political process ; administration is always political as well as executive , at least at the levels where policy-making is relevant , that is to say in the upper layers of administrative life  Officials and administrators can not divest themselves of all ideological clothing in the advice which they tender to their political masters , or in the independent decisions which they are in a position to take .
everywhere and inevitably the administrative process is also part of the political process ; [people in charge] is always political as well as executive , at least at the levels where policy-making is relevant , that is to say in the upper layers of administrative life  officials and administrators can not divest themselves of all ideological clothing in the advice which they tender to their political masters , or in the independent decisions which they are in a position to take .

In one of its aspects , sub-central government constitutes an extension of central government and administration , the latter 's antennae or tentacles .
in one of its aspects , sub-central government constitutes an extension of central government and [people in charge] , the latter 's antennae or tentacles .

They have not only been the channels of communication and administration from the centre to the periphery , but also the voice of the periphery , or of particular interests at the periphery ; they have been a means of overcoming local particularities , but also platforms for their expression , instruments of central control and obstacles to it .
they have not only been the channels of communication and [people in charge] from the centre to the periphery , but also the voice of the periphery , or of particular interests at the periphery ; they have been a means of overcoming local particularities , but also platforms for their expression , instruments of central control and obstacles to it .

Patrick McAuslan and John McEldowney write of the contribution to disaffection throughout western Europe of what they term the gap  between on the one hand the rhetoric of democracy , of even-handed administration , and of equal opportunities for all , and on the other the increasing centralization and insensitivity of public administration  .
patrick mcauslan and john mceldowney write of the contribution to disaffection throughout western europe of what they term the gap  between on the one hand the rhetoric of democracy , of even-handed [people in charge] , and of equal opportunities for all , and on the other the increasing centralization and insensitivity of public [people in charge]  .

With the Japanese surrender , Dorman-Smith pressed the new Labour Government for the return of civil administration to Burma .
with the japanese surrender , dorman-smith pressed the new labour government for the return of civil [people in charge] to burma .

On 13 January a mob stormed the Secretariat , the headquarters of the administration .
on 13 january a mob stormed the secretariat , the headquarters of the [people in charge] .

Many were priyayis , formerly the lower echelons of the administration .
many were priyayis , formerly the lower echelons of the [people in charge] .

He gave up his minor post in the administration because he refused to conform to French practices .
he gave up his minor post in the [people in charge] because he refused to conform to french practices .

Although Japanese forces entered French Indo-China in 1940 they left the administration and armed forces intact .
although japanese forces entered french indo-china in 1940 they left the [people in charge] and armed forces intact .

The situation altered abruptly on 9 March 1945 when a Japanese putsch liquidated the whole French administration and military power overnight .
the situation altered abruptly on 9 march 1945 when a japanese putsch liquidated the whole french [people in charge] and military power overnight .

The Gold Coast had fallen back from the situation 50 years earlier when English-educated Africans had played a leading part in administration , Christian leadership , the judiciary and the learned professions .
the gold coast had fallen back from the situation 50 years earlier when english-educated africans had played a leading part in [people in charge] , christian leadership , the judiciary and the learned professions .

When the Labour party issued a statement of post-war aims in 1943 ( The Colonies : the Labour Party 's post-war policy for the African and Pacific colonies ) , it affirmed :  For a considerable time to come these peoples will not be ready for self-government , and European peoples and States must be responsible for the administration of their territories .
when the labour party issued a statement of post-war aims in 1943 ( the colonies : the labour party 's post-war policy for the african and pacific colonies ) , it affirmed :  for a considerable time to come these peoples will not be ready for self-government , and european peoples and states must be responsible for the [people in charge] of their territories .

( Business Administration )
( business [people in charge] )

But the best example of a large and successful information-based organization , and one without any middle management at all , is the British civil administration in India .
but the best example of a large and successful information-based organization , and one without any middle management at all , is the british civil [people in charge] in india .

Conductors and hospital administrators come out of courses in conducting or schools of hospital administration respectively .
conductors and hospital administrators come out of courses in conducting or schools of hospital [people in charge] respectively .

In this instance the fieldwork was conducted during the first period of Margaret Thatcher 's administration .
in this instance the fieldwork was conducted during the first period of margaret thatcher 's [people in charge] .

The significance of equity today arises from the creation of the Supreme Court of Judicature under the 187375 Acts , and the administration by this one-court system of principles of both law and equity .
the significance of equity today arises from the creation of the supreme court of judicature under the 187375 acts , and the [people in charge] by this one-court system of principles of both law and equity .

an administration order is made in relation to the company ; or ( c ) an administrative receiver of the company is appointed .
an [people in charge] order is made in relation to the company ; or ( c ) an administrative receiver of the company is appointed .

administration order .
[people in charge] order .

Administration orders
[people in charge] orders

An administration order is designed to help a company which is likely to become or actually is insolvent to survive as a going concern , or if this is not possible to ensure an advantageous realization of the company 's assets .
an [people in charge] order is designed to help a company which is likely to become or actually is insolvent to survive as a going concern , or if this is not possible to ensure an advantageous realization of the company 's assets .

The provisions regarding administration orders are contained in ss .
the provisions regarding [people in charge] orders are contained in ss .

What is an administration order ? It is an order of the court directing that , for the duration of the order , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by an administrator appointed by the court .
what is an [people in charge] order ? it is an order of the court directing that , for the duration of the order , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by an administrator appointed by the court .

When can an administration order be made ? The court may make an administration order if :
when can an [people in charge] order be made ? the court may make an [people in charge] order if :

An administration order can not be made in relation to a company which has gone into liquidation ( s. 8 ( 4 ) Insolvency Act 1986 ) .
an [people in charge] order can not be made in relation to a company which has gone into liquidation ( s. 8 ( 4 ) insolvency act 1986 ) .

How is an administration order obtained ?
how is an [people in charge] order obtained ?

The application for an administration order is made under s. 9 of the Insolvency Act 1986 , by a petition presented to the court by the company , its directors , or a creditor ( or creditors ) .
the application for an [people in charge] order is made under s. 9 of the insolvency act 1986 , by a petition presented to the court by the company , its directors , or a creditor ( or creditors ) .

Even if the court is satisfied that there is a real prospect that one or more of the purposes ( set out above ) can be satisfied , it still retains a discretion as to whether or not to make an administration order .
even if the court is satisfied that there is a real prospect that one or more of the purposes ( set out above ) can be satisfied , it still retains a discretion as to whether or not to make an [people in charge] order .

The effects of an administration order .
the effects of an [people in charge] order .

As the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the Act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator attempts to achieve the purpose of the administration order .
as the purpose of an [people in charge] order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator attempts to achieve the purpose of the [people in charge] order .

By s. 10 of the Act , during the period beginning with the presentation of the administration petition and the making of the order or dismissal of the petition :
by s. 10 of the act , during the period beginning with the presentation of the [people in charge] petition and the making of the order or dismissal of the petition :

an administrative receiver may be appointed by a floating charge holder . If this happens , the court must then dismiss the administration petition unless either :
an administrative receiver may be appointed by a floating charge holder . if this happens , the court must then dismiss the [people in charge] petition unless either :

the party that appointed the administrative receiver consents to the making of the administration order ( something which is not likely to happen ) ; or
the party that appointed the administrative receiver consents to the making of the [people in charge] order ( something which is not likely to happen ) ; or

The consequences of an administration order being made are as follows :
the consequences of an [people in charge] order being made are as follows :

These links are evident in modernist style which extends also to the large blocks used for government administration and the offices of major commercial organizations .
these links are evident in modernist style which extends also to the large blocks used for government [people in charge] and the offices of major commercial organizations .

The remainder , a diverse assortment of economic activities which included trade , transport , telecommunications , finance , research , heaIth , education , re-creation , personal services and public administration , collectively have come to represent the service sector .
the remainder , a diverse assortment of economic activities which included trade , transport , telecommunications , finance , research , heaith , education , re-creation , personal services and public [people in charge] , collectively have come to represent the service sector .

In comparison with these industries , retail trade and public administration have experienced limited job growth .
in comparison with these industries , retail trade and public [people in charge] have experienced limited job growth .

Control over the effectiveness of government activities involves the fulfilment of political goals by effective administration .
control over the effectiveness of government activities involves the fulfilment of political goals by effective [people in charge] .

the need to have a structured organization whose administration should follow prescribed work measures and procedures in order to avoid duplication of effort , unnecessary tasks , idle time , etc. ; and
the need to have a structured organization whose [people in charge] should follow prescribed work measures and procedures in order to avoid duplication of effort , unnecessary tasks , idle time , etc. ; and

The administration has pledged itself to introduce a new style of government . More is involved than bringing forward new policies and programmes : it means  improving the efficiency of the machinery intended to achieve the aims it sets itself 
the [people in charge] has pledged itself to introduce a new style of government . more is involved than bringing forward new policies and programmes : it means  improving the efficiency of the machinery intended to achieve the aims it sets itself 

( ii ) To improve the framework within which public policy is formulated by matching the field of responsibility of government departments to coherent fields of policy and administration .
( ii ) to improve the framework within which public policy is formulated by matching the field of responsibility of government departments to coherent fields of policy and [people in charge] .

In other countries there has been a trend to expand the roles of internal audit to meet the growing public concern that the administration of government be subject to review and control .
in other countries there has been a trend to expand the roles of internal audit to meet the growing public concern that the [people in charge] of government be subject to review and control .

In the early years of the Thatcher administration we had the Efficiency Unit .
in the early years of the thatcher [people in charge] we had the efficiency unit .

In actuality , the expertise needed to evaluate complex ideas is housed within different sectors of large , highly bureaucratic , and mature organizations : in research and development , marketing , manufacturing , administration , finance , etc .
in actuality , the expertise needed to evaluate complex ideas is housed within different sectors of large , highly bureaucratic , and mature organizations : in research and development , marketing , manufacturing , [people in charge] , finance , etc .

Marketing is responsible for customer relations , sales , and contract administration .
marketing is responsible for customer relations , sales , and contract [people in charge] .

These little buildings were spreading out over the savannah in a game of checkers , with the goal of linking all the pieces into a chain of sound administration .
these little buildings were spreading out over the savannah in a game of checkers , with the goal of linking all the pieces into a chain of sound [people in charge] .

There are , of course , many scholarly books on boroughs in their institutional aspects , their political history and their administration .
there are , of course , many scholarly books on boroughs in their institutional aspects , their political history and their [people in charge] .

In tracing how the study of English literature took on its claims to be a moralizing influence , Gauri Viswanathan contributes to a history of the subtle stratagems of colonial administration and their contemporary legacy .
in tracing how the study of english literature took on its claims to be a moralizing influence , gauri viswanathan contributes to a history of the subtle stratagems of colonial [people in charge] and their contemporary legacy .

In fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the Labour administration of 194551 and the subsequent Conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the  racial character  of the British , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( Carter , Harris and Joshi , 1987 ) .
in fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the labour [people in charge] of 194551 and the subsequent conservative [people in charge] about the consequences of black immigration on the  racial character  of the british , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( carter , harris and joshi , 1987 ) .

The argument could far more plausibly be turned on its head : the  latent function  of the operation of unofficial suspect categories may be to make the administration of ( in ) justice more efficient and  rational  , which in turn institutionalizes these practices and gives them the status of  due legal process  .
the argument could far more plausibly be turned on its head : the  latent function  of the operation of unofficial suspect categories may be to make the [people in charge] of ( in ) justice more efficient and  rational  , which in turn institutionalizes these practices and gives them the status of  due legal process  .

The third reason is the difficulty of enforcement and administration , which both give rise to certain problems .
the third reason is the difficulty of enforcement and [people in charge] , which both give rise to certain problems .

In Liverpool , where it had a branch , it was condemned as an organisation `` whose administration is in the hands of boarding masters and which fails to inspire the respect of the labouring community `` .
in liverpool , where it had a branch , it was condemned as an organisation `` whose [people in charge] is in the hands of boarding masters and which fails to inspire the respect of the labouring community `` .

Table 2.1 gives additional information about these two broad industrial areas , showing that it is in the retail trade and the hotels and catering industry in the first of these , and public administration , education , medical services , `` other services to the public `` , recreational and cultural services and personal services in the second , where the proportion of temporary workers is greatest and/or where an important share of the temporary workforce is to be found .
table 2.1 gives additional information about these two broad industrial areas , showing that it is in the retail trade and the hotels and catering industry in the first of these , and public [people in charge] , education , medical services , `` other services to the public `` , recreational and cultural services and personal services in the second , where the proportion of temporary workers is greatest and/or where an important share of the temporary workforce is to be found .

Thus , within public administration , health and particularly the research industry , fixed contracts are the norm , and they are also relatively more important in education .
thus , within public [people in charge] , health and particularly the research industry , fixed contracts are the norm , and they are also relatively more important in education .

Whilst the nationalised industries appear similar to private manufacturing industry , employers in public administration are more likely to be using workers hired on fixed-term contracts .
whilst the nationalised industries appear similar to private manufacturing industry , employers in public [people in charge] are more likely to be using workers hired on fixed-term contracts .

The high level of usage of temporary workers in public administration , where union density is high and formal systems of negotiation and consultation firmly established , already suggests that the relationship is by no means as straightforward as the initial proposition implies , and this applies also to private sector establishments .
the high level of usage of temporary workers in public [people in charge] , where union density is high and formal systems of negotiation and consultation firmly established , already suggests that the relationship is by no means as straightforward as the initial proposition implies , and this applies also to private sector establishments .

As might be expected the temporary workforce was disproportionately concentrated in the service sector , in particular in the distribution , hotels and catering industries and in `` other `` services , both public and private ( in Britain this includes public administration ) .
as might be expected the temporary workforce was disproportionately concentrated in the service sector , in particular in the distribution , hotels and catering industries and in `` other `` services , both public and private ( in britain this includes public [people in charge] ) .

The Court of Appeal on application by the Crown on 14 October 1991 granted a certificate under section 1(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 that the following point of law of general public importance was involved in its decision :
the court of appeal on application by the crown on 14 october 1991 granted a certificate under section 1(2) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1960 that the following point of law of general public importance was involved in its decision :

The court later granted a certificate under section 1(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 that a point of law of general public importance was involved in the decision , namely
the court later granted a certificate under section 1(2) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1960 that a point of law of general public importance was involved in the decision , namely

Krasnov had lived in Germany since 1938 , and his anti-Bolshevik activities had the approval of Himmler , who in February 1944 authorised his appointment as Head of the newly-formed Chief Administration of the Cossack Forces ; but because of his advancing years ( he was born in 1869 ) his status in Tolmezzo was that of an honoured guest rather than that of an active commander .
krasnov had lived in germany since 1938 , and his anti-bolshevik activities had the approval of himmler , who in february 1944 authorised his appointment as head of the newly-formed chief [people in charge] of the cossack forces ; but because of his advancing years ( he was born in 1869 ) his status in tolmezzo was that of an honoured guest rather than that of an active commander .

The Yugoslavs were attempting to seize public buildings and key installations , and issuing proclamations to the effect that Carinthia , like Venezia Giulia , was part of Yugoslavia and now under Yugoslav administration .
the yugoslavs were attempting to seize public buildings and key installations , and issuing proclamations to the effect that carinthia , like venezia giulia , was part of yugoslavia and now under yugoslav [people in charge] .

As units of 6 Armoured Division advanced into eastern Carinthia they encountered Bulgarian units of Tolbukhin 's army group , who were delegating local administration to the Yugoslavs .
as units of 6 armoured division advanced into eastern carinthia they encountered bulgarian units of tolbukhin 's army group , who were delegating local [people in charge] to the yugoslavs .

Psychiatric treatment for depression may involve administration of electric shock to the ( anaesthetised ) patient 's head .
psychiatric treatment for depression may involve [people in charge] of electric shock to the ( anaesthetised ) patient 's head .

administration movement communications trade constitutional democratic economic reform radical political class authority treaty revolutionary power
[people in charge] movement communications trade constitutional democratic economic reform radical political class authority treaty revolutionary power

It was precisely at the same time as these processes , policies and institutions were being consolidated that the embryonic imperial regime found territorial expression for its increasing power in the colonial administration and economic exploitation of Siberia .
it was precisely at the same time as these processes , policies and institutions were being consolidated that the embryonic imperial regime found territorial expression for its increasing power in the colonial [people in charge] and economic exploitation of siberia .

The fact that central government was now beginning to regard Siberia as an integral part of Russia as a whole , rather than merely as a colonial appendage , was marked by the abolition in 1763 of the Siberian Department ( Sibirskii prikaz ) , the central state bureau which had , with a brief interruption under Peter the Great , been directly responsible for the governance and administration of the territory since 1637 .
the fact that central government was now beginning to regard siberia as an integral part of russia as a whole , rather than merely as a colonial appendage , was marked by the abolition in 1763 of the siberian department ( sibirskii prikaz ) , the central state bureau which had , with a brief interruption under peter the great , been directly responsible for the governance and [people in charge] of the territory since 1637 .

One particular characteristic which had blighted the administration of Siberia throughout the period of Russian domination was the legendary rapaciousness , venality , corruption and brutality of many of even the region 's most senior officials .
one particular characteristic which had blighted the [people in charge] of siberia throughout the period of russian domination was the legendary rapaciousness , venality , corruption and brutality of many of even the region 's most senior officials .

Despite his good intentions , and despite the more rational management principles and institutions introduced by Speranskii , the actual administration of Siberia , the manner of its economic exploitation , the low levels of popular enlightenment , the permanently suppurating sore of the exile system , the treatment of the native population  which still ranged from the paternalistic to the spasmodically genocidal  and the survival of traditional  imperialist  attitudes in St Petersburg , meant that in practice the old core-periphery , metropolis-frontier relationships still remained in force , and Siberia continued to be treated and governed in a manner which reflected its original quasi-colonial status .
despite his good intentions , and despite the more rational management principles and institutions introduced by speranskii , the actual [people in charge] of siberia , the manner of its economic exploitation , the low levels of popular enlightenment , the permanently suppurating sore of the exile system , the treatment of the native population  which still ranged from the paternalistic to the spasmodically genocidal  and the survival of traditional  imperialist  attitudes in st petersburg , meant that in practice the old core-periphery , metropolis-frontier relationships still remained in force , and siberia continued to be treated and governed in a manner which reflected its original quasi-colonial status .

Its stone fort with impressive barracks , powder stores , administration buildings and walls was substantially completed by 1813 .
its stone fort with impressive barracks , powder stores , [people in charge] buildings and walls was substantially completed by 1813 .

Difficulties were experienced in the provision of construction workers since labour was scarce in Siberia , and the mine administration was competing for it as well .
difficulties were experienced in the provision of construction workers since labour was scarce in siberia , and the mine [people in charge] was competing for it as well .

The most detailed miniature building was the pyramid headquarters of the Tyrell Corporation , where the manufacture of the replicants as well as the administration of the business and the research takes place This had to be built in two sizes  many models in this and other films have to be built in several sizes , often three or four , and sometimes up to whole or partial full-size , for various kinds of shot or effect .
the most detailed miniature building was the pyramid headquarters of the tyrell corporation , where the manufacture of the replicants as well as the [people in charge] of the business and the research takes place this had to be built in two sizes  many models in this and other films have to be built in several sizes , often three or four , and sometimes up to whole or partial full-size , for various kinds of shot or effect .

The Centre for Criminal Justice Studies at Leeds University is embarking on a research project to examine decision-making in the administration of criminal legal aid .
the centre for criminal justice studies at leeds university is embarking on a research project to examine decision-making in the [people in charge] of criminal legal aid .

Furthermore , to the extent that a tendency has developed to disbelieve policemen , who are after all officers of the law , it marks a serious deterioration in the quality of the administration of justice .
furthermore , to the extent that a tendency has developed to disbelieve policemen , who are after all officers of the law , it marks a serious deterioration in the quality of the [people in charge] of justice .

Held , dismissing the appeal , ( 1 ) taking a suspect to the parade seemed to the court to be outside the provisions for the administration of the parade itself and so there was no breach of the Code .
held , dismissing the appeal , ( 1 ) taking a suspect to the parade seemed to the court to be outside the provisions for the [people in charge] of the parade itself and so there was no breach of the code .

However , says Dr Collier , the infamous Section 118 of the Medicines Act means that the Department of Health 's Medicines Control Agency , unlike the American Food and Drugs Administration ,  can hide virtually all of their activities , including incompetence , behind a cloak of secrecy  .
however , says dr collier , the infamous section 118 of the medicines act means that the department of health 's medicines control agency , unlike the american food and drugs [people in charge] ,  can hide virtually all of their activities , including incompetence , behind a cloak of secrecy  .

He maintains that capitalist enterprises and the modern nation state require a  rational  bureaucratic administration which involves large numbers of administrators and clerical staff .
he maintains that capitalist enterprises and the modern nation state require a  rational  bureaucratic [people in charge] which involves large numbers of administrators and clerical staff .

( Weber 's views on bureaucratic administration are outlined in Chapter 7 , pp .
( weber 's views on bureaucratic [people in charge] are outlined in chapter 7 , pp .

In addition , the industry 's preference for an inexpensive way to meet tougher environmental regulations leads to different research goals from those of the administration .
in addition , the industry 's preference for an inexpensive way to meet tougher environmental regulations leads to different research goals from those of the [people in charge] .

But whereas the administration likes to talk about a greener and more internationally competitive car industry , Detroit wants to spend any available support on overcoming bread-and-butter engineering obstacles in complying with environmental legislation .
but whereas the [people in charge] likes to talk about a greener and more internationally competitive car industry , detroit wants to spend any available support on overcoming bread-and-butter engineering obstacles in complying with environmental legislation .

Joseph Colucci , and executive director of research at General Motors , says that a consortium founded last summer in low-emissions technology offers the best match between the administration 's goals , the capabilities of the federal laboratories and the industry 's priorities .
joseph colucci , and executive director of research at general motors , says that a consortium founded last summer in low-emissions technology offers the best match between the [people in charge] 's goals , the capabilities of the federal laboratories and the industry 's priorities .

The opposition displayed by certain Spanish scientists towards the return to Spain of young researchers trained abroad often takes advantage  with the complicity of the administration  of protectionist bureaucratic mechanisms dating from the Franco period .
the opposition displayed by certain spanish scientists towards the return to spain of young researchers trained abroad often takes advantage  with the complicity of the [people in charge]  of protectionist bureaucratic mechanisms dating from the franco period .

The Bush administration responded by prohibiting the use of dead fetal tissues for research of any kind in institutions supported by federal funds .
the bush [people in charge] responded by prohibiting the use of dead fetal tissues for research of any kind in institutions supported by federal funds .

Now that the Clinton administration has swiftly and decisively reversed the ban , the time is right to discuss the scientifically and ethically appropriate uses of this material .
now that the clinton [people in charge] has swiftly and decisively reversed the ban , the time is right to discuss the scientifically and ethically appropriate uses of this material .

Farmer near Cagus who was receiving aid from the Farm Security Administration , 1941
farmer near cagus who was receiving aid from the farm security [people in charge] , 1941

 It is plainly in the interests of the more efficient administration of justice that there should be split trials in appropriate cases , as even where the decision on the first part of a split trial is such that there will have to be a second part , it may be desirable that the decision shall be appealed before incurring the possibly unnecessary expense of the second part .
 it is plainly in the interests of the more efficient [people in charge] of justice that there should be split trials in appropriate cases , as even where the decision on the first part of a split trial is such that there will have to be a second part , it may be desirable that the decision shall be appealed before incurring the possibly unnecessary expense of the second part .

( But note that , despite what has been said in this paragraph concerning the administration of funds , the fact that there was less political pay in the fourth century also helped to dilute the democracy . )
( but note that , despite what has been said in this paragraph concerning the [people in charge] of funds , the fact that there was less political pay in the fourth century also helped to dilute the democracy . )

The most rapid rates of growth have been in the professional and scientific services , in insurance and other financial services , in miscellaneous services and in public administration and defence , while employment in distribution and transport has stagnated or declined .
the most rapid rates of growth have been in the professional and scientific services , in insurance and other financial services , in miscellaneous services and in public [people in charge] and defence , while employment in distribution and transport has stagnated or declined .

Only public administration and defence have become less concentrated , the result of growth in local authority functions and government policy to disperse the civil service .
only public [people in charge] and defence have become less concentrated , the result of growth in local authority functions and government policy to disperse the civil service .

In the year 1972 alone , for example , 60,000 dwellings were sold with the encouragement of the Conservative administration ( Hughes 1981 ) .
in the year 1972 alone , for example , 60,000 dwellings were sold with the encouragement of the conservative [people in charge] ( hughes 1981 ) .

Defamation  Parties  Corporation  Publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund  Publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds  Balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation  Whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and administrative function  Local Government Act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)
defamation  parties  corporation  publication relating to [people in charge] of local authority 's superannuation fund  publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds  balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation  whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and administrative function  local government act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)

 In a free democratic society it is almost too obvious to need stating that those who hold office in government and who are responsible for public administration must always be open to criticism .
 in a free democratic society it is almost too obvious to need stating that those who hold office in government and who are responsible for public [people in charge] must always be open to criticism .

This absolute privilege is founded on the principle that it is advantageous for the public interest that the citizen should not be in any way fettered in his statements , and where the public service or due administration of justice is involved he shall have the right to speak his mind freely  Municipal corporations , however , exist primarily for governmental purposes , and they are permitted to enter the commercial field solely for the purpose of subserving the interests of the public which they represent .
this absolute privilege is founded on the principle that it is advantageous for the public interest that the citizen should not be in any way fettered in his statements , and where the public service or due [people in charge] of justice is involved he shall have the right to speak his mind freely  municipal corporations , however , exist primarily for governmental purposes , and they are permitted to enter the commercial field solely for the purpose of subserving the interests of the public which they represent .

 In a free democratic society it is almost too obvious to need stating that those who hold office in government and who are responsible for public administration must always be open to criticism .
 in a free democratic society it is almost too obvious to need stating that those who hold office in government and who are responsible for public [people in charge] must always be open to criticism .

 In a free democratic society it is almost too obvious to need stating that those who hold office in government and who are responsible for public administration must always be open to criticism .
 in a free democratic society it is almost too obvious to need stating that those who hold office in government and who are responsible for public [people in charge] must always be open to criticism .

It concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .
it concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the [people in charge] of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .

The short answer is the prevention of interference with the administration of justice .
the short answer is the prevention of interference with the [people in charge] of justice .

Within the realm of criminal contempt , perhaps the most obvious forms of interference with the administration of justice occur when the contempt is committed in the face of the court itself .
within the realm of criminal contempt , perhaps the most obvious forms of interference with the [people in charge] of justice occur when the contempt is committed in the face of the court itself .

Interestingly , the gravamen of the offence was not so much the likely effect on Distillers as the perceived effect on the administration of justice generally if such comment were allowed .
interestingly , the gravamen of the offence was not so much the likely effect on distillers as the perceived effect on the [people in charge] of justice generally if such comment were allowed .

 However , the Divisional Court held that it amounted to a common law contempt in that the Sun had , in spite of its editor 's protestations to the contrary , intended to interfere with the administration of justice .
 however , the divisional court held that it amounted to a common law contempt in that the sun had , in spite of its editor 's protestations to the contrary , intended to interfere with the [people in charge] of justice .

As to the common law , the Court of Appeal was satisfied that the articles had been published with intent to interfere with the administration of justice .
as to the common law , the court of appeal was satisfied that the articles had been published with intent to interfere with the [people in charge] of justice .

and fighting for reforms in non-commodity areas such as health , education , and welfare that introduce elements of popular administration and control  ( Cutler et al .
and fighting for reforms in non-commodity areas such as health , education , and welfare that introduce elements of popular [people in charge] and control  ( cutler et al .

realm of conflict of interests ) against  administration  under socialism is to find a satisfactory mode of institutionalising conflict Marx and Engels ' formulations suggest .
realm of conflict of interests ) against  [people in charge]  under socialism is to find a satisfactory mode of institutionalising conflict marx and engels ' formulations suggest .

They judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( Campbell , 1980 , pp .
they judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of [people in charge] , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( campbell , 1980 , pp .

Finally the sterling crisis resulting from the surge in imports induced by the rearmament programme provided the occasion for the expiry of the administration .
finally the sterling crisis resulting from the surge in imports induced by the rearmament programme provided the occasion for the expiry of the [people in charge] .

  in general , the pressures on the Labour Party from the institutional environment towards the increasing bureaucratisation and centralisation of decision-making , the employment of and dependence on , specialists and the emphasis on professional administration , have been entirely consistent with the basic orientation of party activists in the middle class areas  ( Hindess , 1971 , p. 140 ) .
  in general , the pressures on the labour party from the institutional environment towards the increasing bureaucratisation and centralisation of decision-making , the employment of and dependence on , specialists and the emphasis on professional [people in charge] , have been entirely consistent with the basic orientation of party activists in the middle class areas  ( hindess , 1971 , p. 140 ) .

At the  top end  the peculiarly British mutual accommodation and interpenetration of the bourgeoisie and aristocracy has licensed an extension of the term  middle class  until there is only a vestigial  upper class  against which to draw a contrast , while at the same time there have been successive waves of new recruits which have enlarged the base of the  class  : the new groups of professionals , managers and technical experts which expanded from the latter half of the nineteenth century onward with the development of capitalist industry and trade ; the more recent expansion of salaried employment in education , research , health , social welfare , administration and planning .
at the  top end  the peculiarly british mutual accommodation and interpenetration of the bourgeoisie and aristocracy has licensed an extension of the term  middle class  until there is only a vestigial  upper class  against which to draw a contrast , while at the same time there have been successive waves of new recruits which have enlarged the base of the  class  : the new groups of professionals , managers and technical experts which expanded from the latter half of the nineteenth century onward with the development of capitalist industry and trade ; the more recent expansion of salaried employment in education , research , health , social welfare , [people in charge] and planning .

The eighteenth-century administration sought to protect those whom the intendant of Burgos called the  wretched slaves  of the landlords : there were proposals to freeze rents at the 1770 level , to set up arbitration boards of peasants and landlords .
the eighteenth-century [people in charge] sought to protect those whom the intendant of burgos called the  wretched slaves  of the landlords : there were proposals to freeze rents at the 1770 level , to set up arbitration boards of peasants and landlords .

The patron became the cacique ( electoral boss ) who in return for a vote purveyed the benefits or averted the penalties of the national administration .
the patron became the cacique ( electoral boss ) who in return for a vote purveyed the benefits or averted the penalties of the national [people in charge] .

As the national administration made more demands in the form of conscription and taxation , so the recommendation of a patron became more important .
as the national [people in charge] made more demands in the form of conscription and taxation , so the recommendation of a patron became more important .

As in the case of the foral provinces , the destruction of these  little republics  was left to the liberal statesmen of the nineteenth century who added to the notion of rational administration that of civil equality .
as in the case of the foral provinces , the destruction of these  little republics  was left to the liberal statesmen of the nineteenth century who added to the notion of rational [people in charge] that of civil equality .

The Spanish Enlightenment remained a government-sponsored , government-censored movement largely confined to the better spirits of the public administration .
the spanish enlightenment remained a government-sponsored , government-censored movement largely confined to the better spirits of the public [people in charge] .

Resistance to the French troops who  occupied  Spain under cover of the Treaty of Fontainebleau and the national revolution against France which broke out all over unoccupied Spain came , therefore , from those whom the French commanders termed le petil peuple and from those local notables who were outside an administration manned by appointees of Godoy .
resistance to the french troops who  occupied  spain under cover of the treaty of fontainebleau and the national revolution against france which broke out all over unoccupied spain came , therefore , from those whom the french commanders termed le petil peuple and from those local notables who were outside an [people in charge] manned by appointees of godoy .

His control over the administration was subjugated , via the responsibility of his secretaries of state , to an automatically elected unicameral assembly .
his control over the [people in charge] was subjugated , via the responsibility of his secretaries of state , to an automatically elected unicameral assembly .

Though the generals were brought to some sort of obedience by the Cortes and the Regency , in the provinces they used the  egoism  of the Juntas and their endless disputes with the relics of the old administration in order to extend their own power .
though the generals were brought to some sort of obedience by the cortes and the regency , in the provinces they used the  egoism  of the juntas and their endless disputes with the relics of the old [people in charge] in order to extend their own power .

Yet despite taxation , starvation , and the paramount claims of the French army in Joseph 's kingdom and in the independent feudatories of the generals , a rational , modern administration replaced the confusions of the ancien rgime .
yet despite taxation , starvation , and the paramount claims of the french army in joseph 's kingdom and in the independent feudatories of the generals , a rational , modern [people in charge] replaced the confusions of the ancien rgime .

Some form of local autonomy , some abandonment of the old commercial system might have weakened the revolt ; the most Ferdinand would concede ( and that as a short-lived experiment ) was the appointment of creoles within the old administration .
some form of local autonomy , some abandonment of the old commercial system might have weakened the revolt ; the most ferdinand would concede ( and that as a short-lived experiment ) was the appointment of creoles within the old [people in charge] .

The origins of military intervention in politics lay perhaps in the role of generals in the eighteenth-century administration , and in the conflicts of politicians and soldiers during the War of Independence , but it was in Ferdinand 's reign that this intervention developed the rigid form of classical drama .
the origins of military intervention in politics lay perhaps in the role of generals in the eighteenth-century [people in charge] , and in the conflicts of politicians and soldiers during the war of independence , but it was in ferdinand 's reign that this intervention developed the rigid form of classical drama .

The key lay not in the direct transfer of power into the hands of workers on the factory floor but the administration of industry by a  workers  state ' in their interests .
the key lay not in the direct transfer of power into the hands of workers on the factory floor but the [people in charge] of industry by a  workers  state ' in their interests .

Such administration would be truly scientific : it would do away with all the irrationalities , the waste , the inefficiency of private enterprise .
such [people in charge] would be truly scientific : it would do away with all the irrationalities , the waste , the inefficiency of private enterprise .

During the heyday of the Ottoman rule in Europe the Bosnian Muslims played an important part in the administration of the empire , one of them , Mehmet Sokolovi , rising to be grand vizier to the sultan , Suleiman the Magnificent , in the sixteenth century .
during the heyday of the ottoman rule in europe the bosnian muslims played an important part in the [people in charge] of the empire , one of them , mehmet sokolovi , rising to be grand vizier to the sultan , suleiman the magnificent , in the sixteenth century .

At lower levels of administration , the Orthodox and Roman Catholic Christian peasants of the raya were governed by Slav Muslim landowners , who , whilst retaining their Slavonic speech , adopted the manners and dress of the Turkish court .
at lower levels of [people in charge] , the orthodox and roman catholic christian peasants of the raya were governed by slav muslim landowners , who , whilst retaining their slavonic speech , adopted the manners and dress of the turkish court .

Groupings of villages , under a knez of local origin , formed the next tier of local administration , the kneina .
groupings of villages , under a knez of local origin , formed the next tier of local [people in charge] , the kneina .

The autonomy which the Serbian Church had enjoyed since the creation of the patriarchate in 1346 was replaced by centralised control from Constantinople by the compliant Greek Phanariot clergy , who were considered by the Turkish administration to be the proper representatives of their Christian subjects .
the autonomy which the serbian church had enjoyed since the creation of the patriarchate in 1346 was replaced by centralised control from constantinople by the compliant greek phanariot clergy , who were considered by the turkish [people in charge] to be the proper representatives of their christian subjects .

As with the resistance movements of occupied Europe during the Second World War , many hajduks outwardly collaborated with the occupying administration , whilst clandestinely supporting the resistance .
as with the resistance movements of occupied europe during the second world war , many hajduks outwardly collaborated with the occupying [people in charge] , whilst clandestinely supporting the resistance .

Peter 's initiative in opening Russia to western influences , his modernisation of the administration and his development of industries were in sharp contrast to the Muscovite traditions of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .
peter 's initiative in opening russia to western influences , his modernisation of the [people in charge] and his development of industries were in sharp contrast to the muscovite traditions of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .

The Slavs were mainly adherents of the Orthodox Church , and many of the Slav clergy saw in the Russian Church an ally in the struggle against the Phanariot Greek clergy , backed by the sultan , who wished to remove Slav influences both from the liturgy and from the administration of the Church .
the slavs were mainly adherents of the orthodox church , and many of the slav clergy saw in the russian church an ally in the struggle against the phanariot greek clergy , backed by the sultan , who wished to remove slav influences both from the liturgy and from the [people in charge] of the church .

The poet Vodnik , once a Franciscan friar , even held office in the administration of the Illyrian Provinces in Carinthia between 1809 and 1813 .
the poet vodnik , once a franciscan friar , even held office in the [people in charge] of the illyrian provinces in carinthia between 1809 and 1813 .

The Sublime Porte will grant the Servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the Islands of the Archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves  by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the Servian nation themselves .
the sublime porte will grant the servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the islands of the archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the [people in charge] of their internal affairs to themselves  by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the servian nation themselves .

As the most prominent Serb who served in the administration after the restoration of Turkish rule in 1813 , he might be thought to have compromised too far with the enemy to be considered as the leader of a national revolt .
as the most prominent serb who served in the [people in charge] after the restoration of turkish rule in 1813 , he might be thought to have compromised too far with the enemy to be considered as the leader of a national revolt .

Milo was not the only one of the former rebels who was given a post in the new administration .
milo was not the only one of the former rebels who was given a post in the new [people in charge] .

The Serbian oborknezovi and baiknezovi who ran the local administration were left very much on their own by the Turks as long as they maintained order and collected the taxes required of them .
the serbian oborknezovi and baiknezovi who ran the local [people in charge] were left very much on their own by the turks as long as they maintained order and collected the taxes required of them .

During the next few years Milo gradually increased his influence within the administration of the pashalik , using the considerable wealth at his disposal to bribe Turkish officials .
during the next few years milo gradually increased his influence within the [people in charge] of the pashalik , using the considerable wealth at his disposal to bribe turkish officials .

They both worked in the administration of the Karadjordje regime , Dositej as a minister and Vuk as a more humble clerk and customs official .
they both worked in the [people in charge] of the karadjordje regime , dositej as a minister and vuk as a more humble clerk and customs official .

Rostov was one of a very few special exceptions to the Imperial edict which excluded commoners from access to the bi-annual treatment which was necessary for administration of the drug , but he saw no reason to apprise the Adjudicator of the fact .
rostov was one of a very few special exceptions to the imperial edict which excluded commoners from access to the bi-annual treatment which was necessary for [people in charge] of the drug , but he saw no reason to apprise the adjudicator of the fact .

The Administration of Justice Act 1982 swept away the remaining ones without putting anything in their place .
the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 swept away the remaining ones without putting anything in their place .

As Britain became industrialized and urbanized a strictly local system of administration came under strain .
as britain became industrialized and urbanized a strictly local system of [people in charge] came under strain .

As far as the administration of relief was concerned , this made little difference ; the public assistance committees of the local authorities could be regarded as broadly the guardians under another name .
as far as the [people in charge] of relief was concerned , this made little difference ; the public assistance committees of the local authorities could be regarded as broadly the guardians under another name .

Second , he or she will have a large amount of day-to-day administration to oversee .
second , he or she will have a large amount of day-to-day [people in charge] to oversee .

Then there are select committees on the work of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration ( the  Ombudsman  ) , on Statutory Instruments and on European Legislation .
then there are select committees on the work of the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] ( the  ombudsman  ) , on statutory instruments and on european legislation .

The Conservative administration , whose party members do not often control these large urban authorities , has shown no interest in this matter .
the conservative [people in charge] , whose party members do not often control these large urban authorities , has shown no interest in this matter .

Local government is not autonomous , but neither is it merely local administration .
local government is not autonomous , but neither is it merely local [people in charge] .

The increasing politicization of local government is intensifying the conflict between central and local government , and particularly between radical Labour authorities and the current Conservative administration .
the increasing politicization of local government is intensifying the conflict between central and local government , and particularly between radical labour authorities and the current conservative [people in charge] .

In The Sociology of Public Administration the author developed a typology of local government styles to try to elucidate different characteristics of politician/official relationships in different political situations .
in the sociology of public [people in charge] the author developed a typology of local government styles to try to elucidate different characteristics of politician/official relationships in different political situations .

These are not necessarily merely the left-over business from a previous administration .
these are not necessarily merely the left-over business from a previous [people in charge] .

We can contrast , for example , the comparatively strict ways in which regulations under the 1986 Social Security Act instruct local authorities in the administration of housing rebates , with powers given ( originally in the 1963 Children and Young Persons Act , now in the 1980 Child Care Act ) to local authorities to make money payments , in exceptional circumstances to prevent children being taken into care , where no attempt has been made to prescribe how this should be done .
we can contrast , for example , the comparatively strict ways in which regulations under the 1986 social security act instruct local authorities in the [people in charge] of housing rebates , with powers given ( originally in the 1963 children and young persons act , now in the 1980 child care act ) to local authorities to make money payments , in exceptional circumstances to prevent children being taken into care , where no attempt has been made to prescribe how this should be done .

In British public administration the  centre  will generally have been involved in the policy-making process .
in british public [people in charge] the  centre  will generally have been involved in the policy-making process .

These relationships may be studied with a view to ascertaining whether implementation proceeds in terms of the even-handed justice that Max Weber suggested is , or should be , characteristic of bureaucratic administration .
these relationships may be studied with a view to ascertaining whether implementation proceeds in terms of the even-handed justice that max weber suggested is , or should be , characteristic of bureaucratic [people in charge] .

Their powers were laid down by the old Lunacy and Mental Deficiency Acts , which were concerned with the definition , ascertainment and committal of mentally disordered persons as well as with the administration of the services .
their powers were laid down by the old lunacy and mental deficiency acts , which were concerned with the definition , ascertainment and committal of mentally disordered persons as well as with the [people in charge] of the services .

This Act , which was concerned with definitions of mental disorder , the administration of hospital and community services and the procedures for admission and discharge to and from hospital , became the statutory basis of the Mental Health service .
this act , which was concerned with definitions of mental disorder , the [people in charge] of hospital and community services and the procedures for admission and discharge to and from hospital , became the statutory basis of the mental health service .

Responsibility for the administration of services had been laid down by the National Health Service Act 1946 and the 1959 Act further defined the powers and duties outlined there .
responsibility for the [people in charge] of services had been laid down by the national health service act 1946 and the 1959 act further defined the powers and duties outlined there .

The section concerning treatment requiring both consent and a second opinion refers primarily to psycho-surgery and hormone implantations ; that concerning treatment requiring either consent or a second opinion refers primarily to electro-convulsive therapy and to the use of medication after three months regular administration .
the section concerning treatment requiring both consent and a second opinion refers primarily to psycho-surgery and hormone implantations ; that concerning treatment requiring either consent or a second opinion refers primarily to electro-convulsive therapy and to the use of medication after three months regular [people in charge] .

It follows that they absorb a large part of the national resources in terms of money and man- and womanpower , and that the financing , staffing and administration of them is very complex .
it follows that they absorb a large part of the national resources in terms of money and man- and womanpower , and that the financing , staffing and [people in charge] of them is very complex .

Like finance , the administration of the social services is a vast topic , which can only be touched on here .
like finance , the [people in charge] of the social services is a vast topic , which can only be touched on here .

Apart from being a fascinating story , a study of the development of social policy explains much of the present confusion of services , particularly of their administration .
apart from being a fascinating story , a study of the development of social policy explains much of the present confusion of services , particularly of their [people in charge] .

The history of social action accounts for this to a considerable extent and all students of social administration must turn to some reading of the development of social policy .
the history of social action accounts for this to a considerable extent and all students of social [people in charge] must turn to some reading of the development of social policy .

The historical view is noted here because it is particularly relevant to the current administration .
the historical view is noted here because it is particularly relevant to the current [people in charge] .

Central administration has been continually adapting itself to the new demands made upon it by the creation of services .
central [people in charge] has been continually adapting itself to the new demands made upon it by the creation of services .

Local administration , as we know it today , was itself the product of social action to a considerable extent .
local [people in charge] , as we know it today , was itself the product of social action to a considerable extent .

Central government is primarily concerned in the working out of policies , and only partially in the direct administration of services .
central government is primarily concerned in the working out of policies , and only partially in the direct [people in charge] of services .

The actual administration of services authorized by Acts is a process that itself contributes to the making of social policy .
the actual [people in charge] of services authorized by acts is a process that itself contributes to the making of social policy .

The context of central/local government relationships is of particular interest to the student of social administration , as many of the social services are a local responsibility .
the context of central/local government relationships is of particular interest to the student of social [people in charge] , as many of the social services are a local responsibility .

The position in England and Wales is now that in all areas there are two levels of administration , the county and district authority .
the position in england and wales is now that in all areas there are two levels of [people in charge] , the county and district authority .

This was extended later to cover the National Health Service , and as part of local government reform a commission for local administration was established in 1974 .
this was extended later to cover the national health service , and as part of local government reform a commission for local [people in charge] was established in 1974 .

The issues that stem from the nature of administration itself are more complex .
the issues that stem from the nature of [people in charge] itself are more complex .

It led to high costs and corruption in the administration of relief and social unrest .
it led to high costs and corruption in the [people in charge] of relief and social unrest .

Social administration itself is , as Chapter 1 explained , the academic study of social needs and problems and of social policies and services .
social [people in charge] itself is , as chapter 1 explained , the academic study of social needs and problems and of social policies and services .

Outside the governmental research activities major work is carried out by the universities , through departments of social administration and social policy , sociology , applied social science , social medicine and so on .
outside the governmental research activities major work is carried out by the universities , through departments of social [people in charge] and social policy , sociology , applied social science , social medicine and so on .

It is certainly important to measure the plasma potassium concentration during acute administration of theophylline ( for example , after overdose or in acute severe asthma ) , since hypokalaemia may require treatment , but the plasma potassium concentration should not be regarded as a useful measure of the action of theophylline during long term therapy .
it is certainly important to measure the plasma potassium concentration during acute [people in charge] of theophylline ( for example , after overdose or in acute severe asthma ) , since hypokalaemia may require treatment , but the plasma potassium concentration should not be regarded as a useful measure of the action of theophylline during long term therapy .

Nearly half the women were in the  administration , clerical and sales  category , a minority being in sales .
nearly half the women were in the  [people in charge] , clerical and sales  category , a minority being in sales .

 It seems to me that if one sets up a quango and it spends 26 % of the money disbursed on its own administration , that is a pretty high percentage .
 it seems to me that if one sets up a quango and it spends 26 % of the money disbursed on its own [people in charge] , that is a pretty high percentage .

Because of their implementation dates , they will probably be associated with the Major administration , but they are in fact a legacy of the Thatcher years .
because of their implementation dates , they will probably be associated with the major [people in charge] , but they are in fact a legacy of the thatcher years .

Major 's administration may be remembered for bringing the community care changes into being , but this is another Thatcher legacy now being implemented in financial crisis .
major 's [people in charge] may be remembered for bringing the community care changes into being , but this is another thatcher legacy now being implemented in financial crisis .

This conclusion is confirmed by recent experience in the United States , where rising costs of administration and regulation are an important factor in the continuing escalation of health care spending .
this conclusion is confirmed by recent experience in the united states , where rising costs of [people in charge] and regulation are an important factor in the continuing escalation of health care spending .

The cost of health service administration in the United States rose by 37 % between 1983 and 1987 .
the cost of health service [people in charge] in the united states rose by 37 % between 1983 and 1987 .

The administration of additional inspired oxygen seemed to be of benefit ; in 15 patients with baseline hypoxaemia this would be expected as episodic desaturation has been reported to be more severe if baseline hypoxaemia is present .
the [people in charge] of additional inspired oxygen seemed to be of benefit ; in 15 patients with baseline hypoxaemia this would be expected as episodic desaturation has been reported to be more severe if baseline hypoxaemia is present .

The optimal dose , schedule , and route of administration , however , have not been established .
the optimal dose , schedule , and route of [people in charge] , however , have not been established .

Diagnostic lumbar puncture and administration of antibiotics were delayed while cerebral computed tomography was performed .
diagnostic lumbar puncture and [people in charge] of antibiotics were delayed while cerebral computed tomography was performed .

Yet in an earlier publication , in which the term was first coined , he and his colleagues used it to describe  pain [ which ] ceases to be relieved or is worsened by further administration  of morphine or diamorphine ( our italics ) .
yet in an earlier publication , in which the term was first coined , he and his colleagues used it to describe  pain [ which ] ceases to be relieved or is worsened by further [people in charge]  of morphine or diamorphine ( our italics ) .

The end of the eighteenth century and the first years of the nineteenth brought a time of confusion and revised Swiss administration in the wake of the Napoleonic wars , and in 1803 , St Gallen 's monastery was secularised along with others in Switzerland , the new canton of St Gallen was formed , and the city became its capital .
the end of the eighteenth century and the first years of the nineteenth brought a time of confusion and revised swiss [people in charge] in the wake of the napoleonic wars , and in 1803 , st gallen 's monastery was secularised along with others in switzerland , the new canton of st gallen was formed , and the city became its capital .

It has a long history of urban culture as a market centre for a pastoral and agricultural hinterland , as a garrison town and a centre of services and administration , and it is equally placed as the gateway to the Mittelland .
it has a long history of urban culture as a market centre for a pastoral and agricultural hinterland , as a garrison town and a centre of services and [people in charge] , and it is equally placed as the gateway to the mittelland .

In most cases glucagon is very effective and , being easier to give , is suitable for self administration or to be given by relatives .
in most cases glucagon is very effective and , being easier to give , is suitable for self [people in charge] or to be given by relatives .

The psychological effects are brief , depending on dosage and route of administration , but usually last about 30 minutes .
the psychological effects are brief , depending on dosage and route of [people in charge] , but usually last about 30 minutes .

Attention has to be paid to the many changes taking place in general practice : teamwork with delegation to nurses and other members of  the team ,  more shared care with local specialists , more administration , more new tasks including community care , and more general practitioners wishing to work part time . These changes have not been quantified  will they require more or fewer general practitioners ?
attention has to be paid to the many changes taking place in general practice : teamwork with delegation to nurses and other members of  the team ,  more shared care with local specialists , more [people in charge] , more new tasks including community care , and more general practitioners wishing to work part time . these changes have not been quantified  will they require more or fewer general practitioners ?

Editor ,  Albert Figueras and colleagues describe 17 cases of acute motor polyneuropathy presumably associated with the administration of gangliosides that have previously been reported to the Spanish drug surveillance system .
editor ,  albert figueras and colleagues describe 17 cases of acute motor polyneuropathy presumably associated with the [people in charge] of gangliosides that have previously been reported to the spanish drug surveillance system .

In only three cases was administration of gangliosides compatible temporally with the onset of symptoms .
in only three cases was [people in charge] of gangliosides compatible temporally with the onset of symptoms .

The organisation and administration are complex .
the organisation and [people in charge] are complex .

In 1984 Young married Lilian Lawson , another prelingually deaf person of Scottish birth , who has held administrative posts since 1981 and has been Head of Administration since 1988 .
in 1984 young married lilian lawson , another prelingually deaf person of scottish birth , who has held administrative posts since 1981 and has been head of [people in charge] since 1988 .

Nevertheless , Graham Armstrong , assistant director of social services responsible for finance and administration and now leading the community care project team , is more worried about the second and third years .
nevertheless , graham armstrong , assistant director of social services responsible for finance and [people in charge] and now leading the community care project team , is more worried about the second and third years .

The time between administration of an oxytocic agent and cord clamping rather than fetal delivery and cord clamping may thus be critical .
the time between [people in charge] of an oxytocic agent and cord clamping rather than fetal delivery and cord clamping may thus be critical .

The authors do not state whether their patients received an oxytocic agent or document its time of administration .
the authors do not state whether their patients received an oxytocic agent or document its time of [people in charge] .

On Poland , an arrangement was made whereby the Communists would form a joint administration with elements of the London government-in-exile , but this did not prevent the country 's long-term domination by Moscow .
on poland , an arrangement was made whereby the communists would form a joint [people in charge] with elements of the london government-in-exile , but this did not prevent the country 's long-term domination by moscow .

France 's leader , General de Gaulle , had his own aims in Germany however and ironically France , rather than Russia , became responsible for the early failure of the joint Allied administration .
france 's leader , general de gaulle , had his own aims in germany however and ironically france , rather than russia , became responsible for the early failure of the joint allied [people in charge] .

East of the Oder-Neisse river , the Allies had agreed to place lands  under Polish administration  and most Germans living there fled their homes , creating a daunting refugee problem in western Germany .
east of the oder-neisse river , the allies had agreed to place lands  under polish [people in charge]  and most germans living there fled their homes , creating a daunting refugee problem in western germany .

The discussion of the role of the state will focus on linkages between the state and civil society through political engagement and on developments in  administration  considered in relation to crisis management .
the discussion of the role of the state will focus on linkages between the state and civil society through political engagement and on developments in  [people in charge]  considered in relation to crisis management .

Many of the social practices which are constitutive of civil society occur in relation to aspects of state administration and service provision .
many of the social practices which are constitutive of civil society occur in relation to aspects of state [people in charge] and service provision .

The state is connected to civil society through aspects other than its role in administration and as a major employer , important as these are .
the state is connected to civil society through aspects other than its role in [people in charge] and as a major employer , important as these are .

Any sociology of the state in the sense of empirical study of actual administration and events is bound to be instrumentalist .
any sociology of the state in the sense of empirical study of actual [people in charge] and events is bound to be instrumentalist .

However , non-democratic corporatist forms have a much greater role in administration .
however , non-democratic corporatist forms have a much greater role in [people in charge] .

In the Health Service , authoritarian corporatist administration is a way of responding to system pressures for restricted public expenditure .
in the health service , authoritarian corporatist [people in charge] is a way of responding to system pressures for restricted public expenditure .

If post modernism is a critical theory with the working class written off , then post-modernization is authoritarian corporatist administration of urban issues with the working class written out .
if post modernism is a critical theory with the working class written off , then post-modernization is authoritarian corporatist [people in charge] of urban issues with the working class written out .

The oscillating pattern of  Welfare and State  employment ( covering public administration and defence plus professional and scientific services ) is worthy of note .
the oscillating pattern of  welfare and state  employment ( covering public [people in charge] and defence plus professional and scientific services ) is worthy of note .

There is the location ally concentrated structure in which all administration and control are located coterminously with the total process of production .
there is the location ally concentrated structure in which all [people in charge] and control are located coterminously with the total process of production .

Thus the shipyards were not  location ally concentrated  when they were part of a nationalized structure , but rather represented an example of the  cloning branch plant spatial structure  in which there is a separation between head office administration and control and branch administration and control .
thus the shipyards were not  location ally concentrated  when they were part of a nationalized structure , but rather represented an example of the  cloning branch plant spatial structure  in which there is a separation between head office [people in charge] and control and branch [people in charge] and control .

The third form is  part process  in which not only is head office administration spatially separated but the actual production process is split up into discrete bits which are carried out at different spatial locations .
the third form is  part process  in which not only is head office [people in charge] spatially separated but the actual production process is split up into discrete bits which are carried out at different spatial locations .

This is primarily a matter of the anti-planning ideological commitment of the present central administration , reflected interalia in the out of hand rejection of the Northern Regional Strategy which was an assumption of the Tyne and Wear exercise .
this is primarily a matter of the anti-planning ideological commitment of the present central [people in charge] , reflected interalia in the out of hand rejection of the northern regional strategy which was an assumption of the tyne and wear exercise .

Tribunals might well have continued to develop without any critical analysis of their impact on the administration of justice , had it not been for one of those incidents of poor administration whose wider implications can not be ignored .
tribunals might well have continued to develop without any critical analysis of their impact on the [people in charge] of justice , had it not been for one of those incidents of poor [people in charge] whose wider implications can not be ignored .

We consider that tribunals should properly be regarded as machinery provided by Parliament for adjudication rather than as part of the machinery for administration . ( Franks Committee , 1957 , para.40 )
we consider that tribunals should properly be regarded as machinery provided by parliament for adjudication rather than as part of the machinery for [people in charge] . ( franks committee , 1957 , para.40 )

The legacy of establishing need in order to trigger the duty to make payments still haunts the administration of means-tested benefits and has flavoured supplementary benefits appeal tribunals with Victorian notions of identifying those who are  the deserving poor  .
the legacy of establishing need in order to trigger the duty to make payments still haunts the [people in charge] of means-tested benefits and has flavoured supplementary benefits appeal tribunals with victorian notions of identifying those who are  the deserving poor  .

As we have seen , National Insurance Local Tribunals ( NILTs ) took over the administration of the insurance based benefits in 1948 .
as we have seen , national insurance local tribunals ( nilts ) took over the [people in charge] of the insurance based benefits in 1948 .

It has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .
it has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the [people in charge] of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .

The Government honoured its undertaking and included the extension of the conveyancing monopoly to licensed conveyancers in the Administration of Justice Act 1985 .
the government honoured its undertaking and included the extension of the conveyancing monopoly to licensed conveyancers in the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 .

When solicitors lost the conveyancing monopoly with the enactment of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 , they turned their attention to the advocacy monopoly enjoyed by barristers in the higher courts .
when solicitors lost the conveyancing monopoly with the enactment of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 , they turned their attention to the advocacy monopoly enjoyed by barristers in the higher courts .

In order to allow time for attendance in court to represent the client , office administration probably demands that there be separation of preparation and advocacy .
in order to allow time for attendance in court to represent the client , office [people in charge] probably demands that there be separation of preparation and advocacy .

Like the conveyancing monopoly , the probate monopoly affects only a small part of the work involved in the administration of the estate of a deceased person .
like the conveyancing monopoly , the probate monopoly affects only a small part of the work involved in the [people in charge] of the estate of a deceased person .

Pecham 's decrees at Reading , therefore , struck from several different directions at vital areas of crown government : its patronage , jurisdiction , servants and administration and finance .
pecham 's decrees at reading , therefore , struck from several different directions at vital areas of crown government : its patronage , jurisdiction , servants and [people in charge] and finance .

He was unlike his two predecessors in not being a mendicant , or a religious at all , and in having had some experience of diocesan administration for some years in the 1280s when he was a diligent and preaching archdeacon of Essex .
he was unlike his two predecessors in not being a mendicant , or a religious at all , and in having had some experience of diocesan [people in charge] for some years in the 1280s when he was a diligent and preaching archdeacon of essex .

Conflicts did not exclude collaboration , and the church in England , as well as the papacy , contributed significantly to the fortunes of crown and realm : money vital for the wars ; manpower crucial for administration ; experience nourishing royal legislation and parliamentary development .
conflicts did not exclude collaboration , and the church in england , as well as the papacy , contributed significantly to the fortunes of crown and realm : money vital for the wars ; manpower crucial for [people in charge] ; experience nourishing royal legislation and parliamentary development .

During Edward 's reign , and particularly in the 1320s , government administration and bureaucracy grew in scale and complexity .
during edward 's reign , and particularly in the 1320s , government [people in charge] and bureaucracy grew in scale and complexity .

Some idea of the importance of clergy in sustaining royal administration can be gained by a survey of the secular cathedrals of the realm .
some idea of the importance of clergy in sustaining royal [people in charge] can be gained by a survey of the secular cathedrals of the realm .

Not only were they more cheaply remunerated  at the church 's expense , mainly  and far more experienced in the business and technicalities of administration and negotiation , but their clerical status gave them a weight which most laymen could only acquire by aristocratic connections or by ennoblement ; lay chancellors , to be of any consequence , needed political and dynastic links , which could also spell danger for the king .
not only were they more cheaply remunerated  at the church 's expense , mainly  and far more experienced in the business and technicalities of [people in charge] and negotiation , but their clerical status gave them a weight which most laymen could only acquire by aristocratic connections or by ennoblement ; lay chancellors , to be of any consequence , needed political and dynastic links , which could also spell danger for the king .

Following the defeat of the 198186 Socialist government , the new culture minister Fraois Lotard made clear that the new administration would maintain the r.p.m .
following the defeat of the 198186 socialist government , the new culture minister fraois lotard made clear that the new [people in charge] would maintain the r.p.m .

( 2 ) In this section  surgical , medical or dental treatment  includes any procedure undertaken for the purposes of diagnosis , and this section applies to any procedure ( including , in particular , the administration of an anaesthetic ) which is ancillary to any treatment as it applies to that treatment .
( 2 ) in this section  surgical , medical or dental treatment  includes any procedure undertaken for the purposes of diagnosis , and this section applies to any procedure ( including , in particular , the [people in charge] of an anaesthetic ) which is ancillary to any treatment as it applies to that treatment .

Will  Attestation  Testator 's signature  Testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions  Will attested by two witnesses  Whether  signed  by testator  Whether will validly executed  Whether testator having testamentary capacity  Wills Act 1837 ( 7 Will . 4 & 1 Vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by Administration of Justice Act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )
will  attestation  testator 's signature  testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions  will attested by two witnesses  whether  signed  by testator  whether will validly executed  whether testator having testamentary capacity  wills act 1837 ( 7 will . 4 & 1 vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by [people in charge] of justice act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )

The deputy judge refused probate of the 1982 document on the grounds that it had not been duly executed in that , although the amendment by section 17 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 of section 9 of the Wills Act 1837 allowed a valid signature to be made otherwise than at the foot of the will , it had not altered the requirement that the testator should have made his will before signing it ; and that , in any event , the testator had lacked testamentary capacity .
the deputy judge refused probate of the 1982 document on the grounds that it had not been duly executed in that , although the amendment by section 17 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 of section 9 of the wills act 1837 allowed a valid signature to be made otherwise than at the foot of the will , it had not altered the requirement that the testator should have made his will before signing it ; and that , in any event , the testator had lacked testamentary capacity .

 In the administration of government in this country the functions which are given to ministers ( and constitutionally properly given to ministers because they are constitutionally responsible ) are functions so multifarious that no minister could ever personally attend to them .
 in the [people in charge] of government in this country the functions which are given to ministers ( and constitutionally properly given to ministers because they are constitutionally responsible ) are functions so multifarious that no minister could ever personally attend to them .

The whole system of departmental organisation and administration is based on the view that ministers , being responsible to Parliament , will see that important duties are committed to experienced officials .
the whole system of departmental organisation and [people in charge] is based on the view that ministers , being responsible to parliament , will see that important duties are committed to experienced officials .

Contempt of Court  Committal order  Civil contempt  Failure to serve committal orders on contemnors in compliance with proper procedures  Whether irregularity invalidating committals  Whether orders to be set aside  Administration of Justice Act 1960 ( 8 & 9 Eliz .
contempt of court  committal order  civil contempt  failure to serve committal orders on contemnors in compliance with proper procedures  whether irregularity invalidating committals  whether orders to be set aside  [people in charge] of justice act 1960 ( 8 & 9 eliz .

( ii ) There is a general overriding principle that the Schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters signed at Brussels on 27 September 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the Community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .
( ii ) there is a general overriding principle that the schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters signed at brussels on 27 september 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper [people in charge] of justice within the community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .

 This is to ignore the fact that in the administration of justice in this country , the authority of any judicial pronouncement depends not upon the personal authority of the judge concerned , but upon the capacity in which he gives a decision or expresses an opinion .
 this is to ignore the fact that in the [people in charge] of justice in this country , the authority of any judicial pronouncement depends not upon the personal authority of the judge concerned , but upon the capacity in which he gives a decision or expresses an opinion .

 If , in any case not expressly provided for by this Act , a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , whose jurisdiction is transferred by this Act to the High Court of Justice , shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute , law , or custom upon the judges or any judge of any of such courts , save as hereinafter mentioned , every judge of the said High Court shall be capable of performing and exercising , and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty , authority , and power , in the same manner as if this Act had not passed , and as if he had been duly appointed the successor of a judge liable to such duty , or possessing such authority or power , before the passing of this Act . 
 if , in any case not expressly provided for by this act , a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the [people in charge] of justice in any court , whose jurisdiction is transferred by this act to the high court of justice , shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute , law , or custom upon the judges or any judge of any of such courts , save as hereinafter mentioned , every judge of the said high court shall be capable of performing and exercising , and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty , authority , and power , in the same manner as if this act had not passed , and as if he had been duly appointed the successor of a judge liable to such duty , or possessing such authority or power , before the passing of this act . 

We do not accept the submission by Mr. Sedley , who appeared for the Bar Council , that there was any conscious distinction made between the occasions when this jurisdiction of the judges , however it was exercised , went to matters related to the administration of justice , such as the equipping of the courts with advocates who were fit to appear before them there , and the occasions when it went simply to matters relating to the administration of the Inns and their property .
we do not accept the submission by mr. sedley , who appeared for the bar council , that there was any conscious distinction made between the occasions when this jurisdiction of the judges , however it was exercised , went to matters related to the [people in charge] of justice , such as the equipping of the courts with advocates who were fit to appear before them there , and the occasions when it went simply to matters relating to the [people in charge] of the inns and their property .

267 , which came to the Privy Council just before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was created , provides a valuable illustration of the fact that in the absence of such arrangements as were made between the Inns of Court and the judges in this country , the power to judges to determine who were fit and proper persons to practise before them , where it existed , was regarded as essential for the due administration of justice .
267 , which came to the privy council just before the judicial committee of the privy council was created , provides a valuable illustration of the fact that in the absence of such arrangements as were made between the inns of court and the judges in this country , the power to judges to determine who were fit and proper persons to practise before them , where it existed , was regarded as essential for the due [people in charge] of justice .

In the colonies there are no Inns of Court , but it is essential for the due administration of justice that some persons should have authority to determine , who are fit persons to practise as advocates and attornies there .
in the colonies there are no inns of court , but it is essential for the due [people in charge] of justice that some persons should have authority to determine , who are fit persons to practise as advocates and attornies there .

This analysis of the history of the visitors ' jurisdiction before 1873 makes it quite clear , in our judgment , that when the judges were sitting as visitors to the Inns of Court to hear appeals by barristers who had been ordered to be suspended or disbarred they were acting as judges and performing judicial duties which were an essential part of the administration of justice in their courts .
this analysis of the history of the visitors ' jurisdiction before 1873 makes it quite clear , in our judgment , that when the judges were sitting as visitors to the inns of court to hear appeals by barristers who had been ordered to be suspended or disbarred they were acting as judges and performing judicial duties which were an essential part of the [people in charge] of justice in their courts .

In the absence of a written constitution the power and duty of the judges to control the quality of the administration of justice in the courts of this country were derived largely from ancient custom subject to express mandates from time to time by the Crown , as in 1292 , and the way in which they superintended the disciplinary processes of the Inns of Court was an important feature of the way in which they performed that duty and exercised that power .
in the absence of a written constitution the power and duty of the judges to control the quality of the [people in charge] of justice in the courts of this country were derived largely from ancient custom subject to express mandates from time to time by the crown , as in 1292 , and the way in which they superintended the disciplinary processes of the inns of court was an important feature of the way in which they performed that duty and exercised that power .

Since it is a jurisdiction which is central to the administration of justice in the courts of this country , it was accordingly not  a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court ,  which was preserved under the new arrangements in 1873 by section 12 of the Act of 1873 without forming part of the new jurisdiction of the High Court .
since it is a jurisdiction which is central to the [people in charge] of justice in the courts of this country , it was accordingly not  a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the [people in charge] of justice in any court ,  which was preserved under the new arrangements in 1873 by section 12 of the act of 1873 without forming part of the new jurisdiction of the high court .

,  not incident to the administration of justice in any court  particularly compelling as a pointer to the conclusion that the disciplinary jurisdiction of the visitors was transferred to the High Court pursuant to section 16 .
,  not incident to the [people in charge] of justice in any court  particularly compelling as a pointer to the conclusion that the disciplinary jurisdiction of the visitors was transferred to the high court pursuant to section 16 .

We are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by Sir William and Professor Baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .
we are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the [people in charge] of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by sir william and professor baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .

At the resumed hearing a nolle prosequi was entered pursuant to section 4 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice ( Administration ) Act The defendant was tried on a second indictment charging him with murder , convicted and sentenced to death .
at the resumed hearing a nolle prosequi was entered pursuant to section 4 ( 1 ) of the criminal justice ( [people in charge] ) act the defendant was tried on a second indictment charging him with murder , convicted and sentenced to death .

 The expectations may be based upon some statement or undertaking by , or on behalf of , the public authority which has the duty of making the decision , if the authority has , through its officers , acted in a way that would make it unfair or inconsistent with good administration for him to be denied such an inquiry .
 the expectations may be based upon some statement or undertaking by , or on behalf of , the public authority which has the duty of making the decision , if the authority has , through its officers , acted in a way that would make it unfair or inconsistent with good [people in charge] for him to be denied such an inquiry .

Land Registration  Register  Rectification  Registered owner executing power of attorney  Donee of power tricked into signing transfer  Building society granting mortgage on property  Whether general power to order rectification of register  Land Registration Act 1925 ( 15 Geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by Administration of Justice Act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , Sch . 5 )
land registration  register  rectification  registered owner executing power of attorney  donee of power tricked into signing transfer  building society granting mortgage on property  whether general power to order rectification of register  land registration act 1925 ( 15 geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by [people in charge] of justice act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , sch . 5 )

Section 82 , as amended by sections 24 and 32 of , and Schedule 5 to , the Administration of Justice Act 1977 , provides :
section 82 , as amended by sections 24 and 32 of , and schedule 5 to , the [people in charge] of justice act 1977 , provides :

Section 238 applies in the case of a company in respect of which an administration order has been made or which has gone into liquidation .
section 238 applies in the case of a company in respect of which an [people in charge] order has been made or which has gone into liquidation .

Where the debtor has been adjudged bankrupt or is a company which is being wound up or in relation to which an administration order is in force , the application can only be made by the official receiver , the trustee of the bankrupt 's estate , the liquidator or the administrator or , with the leave of the court , by a victim of the transaction .
where the debtor has been adjudged bankrupt or is a company which is being wound up or in relation to which an [people in charge] order is in force , the application can only be made by the official receiver , the trustee of the bankrupt 's estate , the liquidator or the administrator or , with the leave of the court , by a victim of the transaction .

For instance , it must be at an undervalue and made at a time when the company was unable to pay its debts , the company must be in the course of being wound up in England or subject to an administration order , and so on .
for instance , it must be at an undervalue and made at a time when the company was unable to pay its debts , the company must be in the course of being wound up in england or subject to an [people in charge] order , and so on .

An application is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the application or causes him considerable work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or contractor with the company in administration , but all of these will be among the factors relevant to be taken into consideration ( post , pp .
an application is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the application or causes him considerable work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or contractor with the company in [people in charge] , but all of these will be among the factors relevant to be taken into consideration ( post , pp .

In my judgment its purpose is not to put the company in a better position than it would have enjoyed if liquidation or administration had not supervened .
in my judgment its purpose is not to put the company in a better position than it would have enjoyed if liquidation or [people in charge] had not supervened .

An application is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the application or causes him a lot of work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or a contractor with the company in administration , but all these will be relevant factors , together no doubt with many others .
an application is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the application or causes him a lot of work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or a contractor with the company in [people in charge] , but all these will be relevant factors , together no doubt with many others .

Subsection ( 2 ) contains a comparable provision applicable when an administration order is made under the Insolvency Act 1986 .
subsection ( 2 ) contains a comparable provision applicable when an [people in charge] order is made under the insolvency act 1986 .

( 2 )  in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 2 ) above any reference in this Act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the liability of the institution to him in respect of  ( a ) the principal amount of each sterling deposit which was made by him with a United Kingdom office of the institution before the making of the administration order and which under the terms on which it was made is or becomes due or payable while the order is in force ; and ( b ) accrued interest on any such deposit up to the time when it is or becomes due and payable as aforesaid ; but so that the total liability of the institution to him in respect of such deposits does not exceed 20,000 .
( 2 )  in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 2 ) above any reference in this act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the liability of the institution to him in respect of  ( a ) the principal amount of each sterling deposit which was made by him with a united kingdom office of the institution before the making of the [people in charge] order and which under the terms on which it was made is or becomes due or payable while the order is in force ; and ( b ) accrued interest on any such deposit up to the time when it is or becomes due and payable as aforesaid ; but so that the total liability of the institution to him in respect of such deposits does not exceed 20,000 .

That principle must also be applied here , since to require a company incorporated under the law of one member state , which has its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in that member state ( within the meaning of article 58 ) , or even in another member state , to transfer its principal place of business to the member state where a certain activity , such as fishing , is to be carried on , deprives that company of the possibility of exercising its right of establishment through the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , as is expressly provided for in the second sentence of the first paragraph of article 52 .
that principle must also be applied here , since to require a company incorporated under the law of one member state , which has its registered office , central [people in charge] or principal place of business in that member state ( within the meaning of article 58 ) , or even in another member state , to transfer its principal place of business to the member state where a certain activity , such as fishing , is to be carried on , deprives that company of the possibility of exercising its right of establishment through the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , as is expressly provided for in the second sentence of the first paragraph of article 52 .

This does not mean that the  base of operations  can not receive general directives from the owners of the vessel residing in another member state or from a company having its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in another member state .
this does not mean that the  base of operations  can not receive general directives from the owners of the vessel residing in another member state or from a company having its registered office , central [people in charge] or principal place of business in another member state .

Second , it is submitted for the plaintiffs that such action is not in relation to the grant or refusal of a further advance because the making of the valuation is not part of the administration or managerial process leading to the grant or refusal but is only a condition precedent to the actual process of making a grant .
second , it is submitted for the plaintiffs that such action is not in relation to the grant or refusal of a further advance because the making of the valuation is not part of the [people in charge] or managerial process leading to the grant or refusal but is only a condition precedent to the actual process of making a grant .

It was common ground that this word connotes faulty administration , inefficient or improper management of affairs .
it was common ground that this word connotes faulty [people in charge] , inefficient or improper management of affairs .

Likewise , it was common ground that faulty administration contemplated the procedures by which decisions are made as opposed to the merits of the decisions .
likewise , it was common ground that faulty [people in charge] contemplated the procedures by which decisions are made as opposed to the merits of the decisions .

To my mind , the answer to the question depends on ascertaining in the context of the Act as a whole what is the administration referred to .
to my mind , the answer to the question depends on ascertaining in the context of the act as a whole what is the [people in charge] referred to .

Thus , in my judgment , the administration of the society 's business in the field of making advances includes , if necessary , obtaining a basic valuation from , if it so chooses , one of its employees .
thus , in my judgment , the [people in charge] of the society 's business in the field of making advances includes , if necessary , obtaining a basic valuation from , if it so chooses , one of its employees .

If it chooses to get one from one of its employees , then it seems to me that the preparation of that report by one of its employees is as much a part of the administration of the societies ' business in the field of making advances as is consideration of the report by the assessor required by section 13 ( 1 ) ( b ) .
if it chooses to get one from one of its employees , then it seems to me that the preparation of that report by one of its employees is as much a part of the [people in charge] of the societies ' business in the field of making advances as is consideration of the report by the assessor required by section 13 ( 1 ) ( b ) .

The fact that it is not an essential part of the process of granting an advance in all cases that a basic valuation should be supplied by an employee of the society , does not mean that where the basic valuation is supplied by an employee its provision is not part of the process of administration .
the fact that it is not an essential part of the process of granting an advance in all cases that a basic valuation should be supplied by an employee of the society , does not mean that where the basic valuation is supplied by an employee its provision is not part of the process of [people in charge] .

Certificate under section 1(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 that point of law of general public importance involved in decision , namely ,  Whether the words  office or employment  in section 16(2) ( c ) of the Theft Act 1968 extend to the engagement of an independent contractor pursuant to a contract for services . 
certificate under section 1(2) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1960 that point of law of general public importance involved in decision , namely ,  whether the words  office or employment  in section 16(2) ( c ) of the theft act 1968 extend to the engagement of an independent contractor pursuant to a contract for services . 

To apply the Woolwich principle as initially enunciated without limitation could cause very serious practical difficulties of administration and specifying appropriate limitations presents equal difficulties .
to apply the woolwich principle as initially enunciated without limitation could cause very serious practical difficulties of [people in charge] and specifying appropriate limitations presents equal difficulties .

 The  right  to see statements in the possession of the prosecution is therefore really a rule of practice described in terms of the ethics of the profession and based upon the concept of counsel for the Crown as minister of justice whose prime concern is its fair and impartial administration .
 the  right  to see statements in the possession of the prosecution is therefore really a rule of practice described in terms of the ethics of the profession and based upon the concept of counsel for the crown as minister of justice whose prime concern is its fair and impartial [people in charge] .

The judge ruled that section 31 of the Theft Act 1968 under which admissions made in  proceedings for the recovery or administration of any property  were inadmissible in evidence in proceedings for an offence under that Act , did not apply to bankruptcy proceedings and that the documents were admissible in evidence under section 433 of the Insolvency Act 1986 The defendant was convicted .
the judge ruled that section 31 of the theft act 1968 under which admissions made in  proceedings for the recovery or [people in charge] of any property  were inadmissible in evidence in proceedings for an offence under that act , did not apply to bankruptcy proceedings and that the documents were admissible in evidence under section 433 of the insolvency act 1986 the defendant was convicted .

It is contended by Miss Arden that bankruptcy proceedings are  proceedings for the recovery or administration of any property  or  for the execution of [ a ] trust .
it is contended by miss arden that bankruptcy proceedings are  proceedings for the recovery or [people in charge] of any property  or  for the execution of [ a ] trust .

Certificate under section 1(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 that point of law of general public importance involved in decision namely ,  In criminal proceedings under the Theft Act 1968 , is a statement or admission made by a defendant in bankruptcy proceedings admissible against the defendant ? 
certificate under section 1(2) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1960 that point of law of general public importance involved in decision namely ,  in criminal proceedings under the theft act 1968 , is a statement or admission made by a defendant in bankruptcy proceedings admissible against the defendant ? 

Secondly , Parliament provided machinery for administration in the situation where the power to appoint a receiver does not exist , or where the power does exist but has not been exercised , or where the power has been exercised , but the person by whom or on whose behalf the receiver has been appointed consents to an order being made .
secondly , parliament provided machinery for [people in charge] in the situation where the power to appoint a receiver does not exist , or where the power does exist but has not been exercised , or where the power has been exercised , but the person by whom or on whose behalf the receiver has been appointed consents to an order being made .

There is jurisdiction to make an order in the terms of an administration order , available as an alternative to administrative receivership , and also available as an alternative to liquidation : see the provisions of sections 9 , 10 and 11 of the Act of 1986 .
there is jurisdiction to make an order in the terms of an [people in charge] order , available as an alternative to administrative receivership , and also available as an alternative to liquidation : see the provisions of sections 9 , 10 and 11 of the act of 1986 .

If the court has power to make an administration order in relation to an unregistered company , that might strengthen the case for arguing that the provisions relating to administrative receivers should also apply to unregistered companies .
if the court has power to make an [people in charge] order in relation to an unregistered company , that might strengthen the case for arguing that the provisions relating to administrative receivers should also apply to unregistered companies .

Notice of a petition for an administration order must be served on any person who has appointed , or is or may be entitled to appoint , an administrative receiver of the company : section 9 ( 2 ) ( a ) .
notice of a petition for an [people in charge] order must be served on any person who has appointed , or is or may be entitled to appoint , an administrative receiver of the company : section 9 ( 2 ) ( a ) .

The position regarding administration orders over unregistered companies has not been finally settled by judicial decision .
the position regarding [people in charge] orders over unregistered companies has not been finally settled by judicial decision .

If the debtor has within the last five years been bankrupt , made a composition with his creditors , been subject to a county court administration order or entered into a voluntary arrangement , particulars must be given including the name and address of the supervisor ( r6.39 ( 2 ) ) .
if the debtor has within the last five years been bankrupt , made a composition with his creditors , been subject to a county court [people in charge] order or entered into a voluntary arrangement , particulars must be given including the name and address of the supervisor ( r6.39 ( 2 ) ) .

On the hearing of the petition , the court may : ( i ) make a bankruptcy order ; or ( ii ) make a bankruptcy order and issue a certificate for the summary administration of the bankrupt 's estate ( where the total debts do not exceed the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently 20,000 , and the bankrupt has not been adjudicated bankrupt before in the last five years nor has he entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement ) ( s 275 ) ; ( iii ) make a bankruptcy order and appoint the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement as trustee provided that notice of the supervisor 's intention to seek appointment as a trustee was given in the petition and to the creditors ; ( iv ) appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report under s 273 .
on the hearing of the petition , the court may : ( i ) make a bankruptcy order ; or ( ii ) make a bankruptcy order and issue a certificate for the summary [people in charge] of the bankrupt 's estate ( where the total debts do not exceed the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently 20,000 , and the bankrupt has not been adjudicated bankrupt before in the last five years nor has he entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement ) ( s 275 ) ; ( iii ) make a bankruptcy order and appoint the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement as trustee provided that notice of the supervisor 's intention to seek appointment as a trustee was given in the petition and to the creditors ; ( iv ) appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report under s 273 .

The certificate of summary administration can be revoked either on the court 's own motion or on the application of the official receiver ( r 6.50 ) if it appears that the certificate should not have been issued ( s 275(3) ) .
the certificate of summary [people in charge] can be revoked either on the court 's own motion or on the application of the official receiver ( r 6.50 ) if it appears that the certificate should not have been issued ( s 275(3) ) .

If a certificate of summary administration is in force , the official receiver need only investigate the bankrupt 's conduct and affairs if he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 5 ) ) The official receiver must , at least once , send a report of the state of the bankrupt 's affairs to all creditors and file a copy at court ( r 6.73 ) although the court can release him from this obligation having regard to the funds available and the interests of creditors generally ( r 6.77 ) .
if a certificate of summary [people in charge] is in force , the official receiver need only investigate the bankrupt 's conduct and affairs if he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 5 ) ) the official receiver must , at least once , send a report of the state of the bankrupt 's affairs to all creditors and file a copy at court ( r 6.73 ) although the court can release him from this obligation having regard to the funds available and the interests of creditors generally ( r 6.77 ) .

Except where a certificate for summary administration has been issued , as soon as practicable in the twelve week period after the making of a bankruptcy order , the official receiver must decide whether or not to summon a meeting of creditors for the purpose of choosing someone to be the trustee of the estate in his place ( s 293 ( 1 ) ) .
except where a certificate for summary [people in charge] has been issued , as soon as practicable in the twelve week period after the making of a bankruptcy order , the official receiver must decide whether or not to summon a meeting of creditors for the purpose of choosing someone to be the trustee of the estate in his place ( s 293 ( 1 ) ) .

He must then decide whether or not to summon a meeting of creditors to replace the trustee having regard to the stage in the administration reached by the previous trustee ( s 300 ( 3 ) ) .
he must then decide whether or not to summon a meeting of creditors to replace the trustee having regard to the stage in the [people in charge] reached by the previous trustee ( s 300 ( 3 ) ) .

It is the duty of the trustee to report to the committee all such matters as appear to him or as the committee have indicated to him to be of concern to them with respect to the administration of the estate ( r 6.152 ( 1 ) ) .
it is the duty of the trustee to report to the committee all such matters as appear to him or as the committee have indicated to him to be of concern to them with respect to the [people in charge] of the estate ( r 6.152 ( 1 ) ) .

The trustee must send a report to every member of the committee setting out the position generally regarding the progress of his administration .
the trustee must send a report to every member of the committee setting out the position generally regarding the progress of his [people in charge] .

No member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or obtains any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .
no member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the [people in charge] or obtains any profit from the [people in charge] or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .

The notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .
the notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the [people in charge] of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .

If the trustee is unable to declare any or any further dividend , he must give notice to this effect to creditors , and the notice must also contain a statement to the effect that no funds have been realised or that all funds realised have been distributed or used to meet the expenses of the administration ( r 11.7 ) .
if the trustee is unable to declare any or any further dividend , he must give notice to this effect to creditors , and the notice must also contain a statement to the effect that no funds have been realised or that all funds realised have been distributed or used to meet the expenses of the [people in charge] ( r 11.7 ) .

Alexander as much struck by the quality of the leaning and the administration of the country ; he treated the royal family he had over thrown with esteem .
alexander as much struck by the quality of the leaning and the [people in charge] of the country ; he treated the royal family he had over thrown with esteem .

At first many American officials in the Truman administration were sympathetic to his cause and exasperated by British greed .
at first many american officials in the truman [people in charge] were sympathetic to his cause and exasperated by british greed .

Agger realized that the Carter administration would not now accept the Shah . ``
agger realized that the carter [people in charge] would not now accept the shah . ``

Students and artists were employed in the administration , invigilation and installation of the project .
students and artists were employed in the [people in charge] , invigilation and installation of the project .

( 1 ) For the administration of licensing with respect to alcoholic liquor on and after July 1 , 1977 , Scotland shall have licensing boards constituted in accordance with the provisions of this section .
( 1 ) for the [people in charge] of licensing with respect to alcoholic liquor on and after july 1 , 1977 , scotland shall have licensing boards constituted in accordance with the provisions of this section .

As early as Acts 6 we find the apostles seeking deputies to manage the administration Of the church , while they give themselves to prayer and the ministry of the Word .
as early as acts 6 we find the apostles seeking deputies to manage the [people in charge] of the church , while they give themselves to prayer and the ministry of the word .

The Germans , already in the country in large numbers , had seized Rome , and Hitler had ordered the setting up of a political system which would take effective control of the country and also take under its wing any future Fascist administration .
the germans , already in the country in large numbers , had seized rome , and hitler had ordered the setting up of a political system which would take effective control of the country and also take under its wing any future fascist [people in charge] .

So convinced were the farmers that in July they delayed the trebbiatura , the threshing of the grain , hoping that they could do it under Allied administration ; they thought they would probably get 700 lire more for each sack .
so convinced were the farmers that in july they delayed the trebbiatura , the threshing of the grain , hoping that they could do it under allied [people in charge] ; they thought they would probably get 700 lire more for each sack .

For example , the Prime Minister does have the constitutional right ( or prerogative `` ) to choose the other ministers to form a government and administration , but no Prime Minister is ever politically `` free `` in the exercise of this choice .
for example , the prime minister does have the constitutional right ( or prerogative `` ) to choose the other ministers to form a government and [people in charge] , but no prime minister is ever politically `` free `` in the exercise of this choice .

The press was horrified and questioned whether Britain was still governable under a democratically elected administration .
the press was horrified and questioned whether britain was still governable under a democratically elected [people in charge] .

There is continuing demand from all over the world for the expertise of members of the Development Administration Group in the University 's School of Public Policy .
there is continuing demand from all over the world for the expertise of members of the development [people in charge] group in the university 's school of public policy .

The Group provides advice , training and research in local government administration .
the group provides advice , training and research in local government [people in charge] .

Diploma in Development Administration .
diploma in development [people in charge] .

The range of options in this course has been extended to provide specialised Diplomas in Local Government , Project Management and Information Management as well as Development Administration .
the range of options in this course has been extended to provide specialised diplomas in local government , project management and information management as well as development [people in charge] .

The Accommodation and Administration Sub-Committee gave detailed consideration to the possibility of providing further centralised facilities in addition to those provided by the Post Office in the Central Lobby for which a charge is levied .
the accommodation and [people in charge] sub-committee gave detailed consideration to the possibility of providing further centralised facilities in addition to those provided by the post office in the central lobby for which a charge is levied .

Friend 's specific proposal is a matter for the Accommodation and Administration Sub-Committee .
friend 's specific proposal is a matter for the accommodation and [people in charge] sub-committee .

An additional feature of the unit 's organization is the administration of a Behaviour Modification or  points  system .
an additional feature of the unit 's organization is the [people in charge] of a behaviour modification or  points  system .

 She 'd give you a hand with anything that needed doing , from packing , invoicing , cutting and laying to choosing and mixing colours ; she was n't keen on the administration side but she did that too ,  Meirion recalled .
 she 'd give you a hand with anything that needed doing , from packing , invoicing , cutting and laying to choosing and mixing colours ; she was n't keen on the [people in charge] side but she did that too ,  meirion recalled .

It was hardly surprising therefore , that she resented , but grudgingly accepted , being told by those on the shop floor , or in administration , what customers wanted .
it was hardly surprising therefore , that she resented , but grudgingly accepted , being told by those on the shop floor , or in [people in charge] , what customers wanted .

The great majority of their courses , whether in business and management studies , the sciences and technologies or in the social sciences , prepare students for specific career outlets ; thus modern language courses for the most part give attention to the practical application of the language with a view to the student 's ultimate employment , for example as an interpreter , while courses in social science often include options in such areas as community work , social planning , industrial relations , and public administration .
the great majority of their courses , whether in business and management studies , the sciences and technologies or in the social sciences , prepare students for specific career outlets ; thus modern language courses for the most part give attention to the practical application of the language with a view to the student 's ultimate employment , for example as an interpreter , while courses in social science often include options in such areas as community work , social planning , industrial relations , and public [people in charge] .

Had the referendum on devolution resulted in a sufficient majority voting in favour of devolution for Wales , then the Welsh Assembly would have come into being and would have assumed responsibility for the administration of all Welsh education outside the university .
had the referendum on devolution resulted in a sufficient majority voting in favour of devolution for wales , then the welsh assembly would have come into being and would have assumed responsibility for the [people in charge] of all welsh education outside the university .

In an effort to tighten up the administration of poor relief the Local Government Board issued a circular in 1871 to the effect that outdoor relief should not be granted to the able-bodied widow with one child .
in an effort to tighten up the [people in charge] of poor relief the local government board issued a circular in 1871 to the effect that outdoor relief should not be granted to the able-bodied widow with one child .

When in 1861 Louisa Twining proposed to a government Select Committee that women should be allowed to stand for election as Poor Law Guardians , she agreed that they should not interfere in the male province of finance and administration , and should not have any say over the treatment of male paupers .
when in 1861 louisa twining proposed to a government select committee that women should be allowed to stand for election as poor law guardians , she agreed that they should not interfere in the male province of finance and [people in charge] , and should not have any say over the treatment of male paupers .

Despite the fear that they would prove sentimental and spendthrift , women were inclined to favour the strict administration of outdoor relief , although they sought substantial improvements in matters such as diet and the provision of clean sheets and underclothing inside the workhouse .
despite the fear that they would prove sentimental and spendthrift , women were inclined to favour the strict [people in charge] of outdoor relief , although they sought substantial improvements in matters such as diet and the provision of clean sheets and underclothing inside the workhouse .

Courts have often explicitly or implicitly balanced the interests of the individual with the effects on the administration in deciding where the line should be drawn on many of the issues which comprise the content of natural justice .
courts have often explicitly or implicitly balanced the interests of the individual with the effects on the [people in charge] in deciding where the line should be drawn on many of the issues which comprise the content of natural justice .

The result is arrived at after balancing three different types of factor : the individual interest at issue ; the benefits to be derived from added procedural safeguards ; and the costs to the administration , both direct and indirect , of complying with those procedural requirements .
the result is arrived at after balancing three different types of factor : the individual interest at issue ; the benefits to be derived from added procedural safeguards ; and the costs to the [people in charge] , both direct and indirect , of complying with those procedural requirements .

While the potentially serious effect of the report required some procedural protection , this was weighed against that of the administration in ensuring confidentiality , added to which were the factors of speed and the preliminary nature of the proceedings .
while the potentially serious effect of the report required some procedural protection , this was weighed against that of the [people in charge] in ensuring confidentiality , added to which were the factors of speed and the preliminary nature of the proceedings .

The House of Lords , while accepting that some elements of natural justice could apply to investigations and preliminary determinations , held that an opportunity to see the counter-statement was not required : no final decision was being made and if the taxpayer could comment on the counter-statement the Commissioners would wish to comment on those comments , thereby producing an endless succession of exchanges , bringing the administration to a standstill .
the house of lords , while accepting that some elements of natural justice could apply to investigations and preliminary determinations , held that an opportunity to see the counter-statement was not required : no final decision was being made and if the taxpayer could comment on the counter-statement the commissioners would wish to comment on those comments , thereby producing an endless succession of exchanges , bringing the [people in charge] to a standstill .

The development of substantive principles supplements and not merely implements legislative intent , by furnishing more specific criteria for  good administration .
the development of substantive principles supplements and not merely implements legislative intent , by furnishing more specific criteria for  good [people in charge] .

The two basic costs of inventory items are ( i ) ordering costs ie wages , administration and transport costs etc , and ( ii ) carrying , or holding costs ie interest on money invested in stock , storage costs , insurance costs etc .
the two basic costs of inventory items are ( i ) ordering costs ie wages , [people in charge] and transport costs etc , and ( ii ) carrying , or holding costs ie interest on money invested in stock , storage costs , insurance costs etc .

These surveys are invariably undertaken by specialist research organizations , since the construction and administration of questionnaires is a highly skilled operation .
these surveys are invariably undertaken by specialist research organizations , since the construction and [people in charge] of questionnaires is a highly skilled operation .

Similarly , all the costs of pollution control options must be considered , including equipment , administration , effects on patterns of development , and unemployment .
similarly , all the costs of pollution control options must be considered , including equipment , [people in charge] , effects on patterns of development , and unemployment .

The Nixon administration , now on the defensive , asked for the Senate deadlines to be relaxed , but with strong public and media backing , the policy presented by Muskie was enacted .
the nixon [people in charge] , now on the defensive , asked for the senate deadlines to be relaxed , but with strong public and media backing , the policy presented by muskie was enacted .

The post-1979 managerial emphasis in central administration was not wholly new : indeed , it started from much the same principle as Fulton  that civil servants needed to adopt a more business-like approach and drew upon a number of Fulton 's ideas about departmental organization ( see Chapters 1 and 2 ) .
the post-1979 managerial emphasis in central [people in charge] was not wholly new : indeed , it started from much the same principle as fulton  that civil servants needed to adopt a more business-like approach and drew upon a number of fulton 's ideas about departmental organization ( see chapters 1 and 2 ) .

Managerialism and public administration
managerialism and public [people in charge]

In particular there are implications for the policy/ administration dichotomy , equity and accountability ( see Chapter 1 ) .
in particular there are implications for the policy/ [people in charge] dichotomy , equity and accountability ( see chapter 1 ) .

The managerial approach also has important implications for the concept of equitable administration .
the managerial approach also has important implications for the concept of equitable [people in charge] .

Public administration or public management ?
public [people in charge] or public management ?

Quite clearly , local government deserves a major place in any study of British public administration .
quite clearly , local government deserves a major place in any study of british public [people in charge] .

With some modifications the structure lasted until the 1972 Local Government Act ushered in a new pattern of elected local administration which became operative from 1 April 1974 , although this was further amended by the 1985 Local Government Act .
with some modifications the structure lasted until the 1972 local government act ushered in a new pattern of elected local [people in charge] which became operative from 1 april 1974 , although this was further amended by the 1985 local government act .

The post-1972 period has thus witnessed important structural changes in British local administration .
the post-1972 period has thus witnessed important structural changes in british local [people in charge] .

The structures created between 1963 and 1988 provided a new administrative framework for local government but such structures in themselves reveal relatively little about the practice of local administration .
the structures created between 1963 and 1988 provided a new administrative framework for local government but such structures in themselves reveal relatively little about the practice of local [people in charge] .

Nevertheless , despite the advent of  contracting out  , local authorities still carry out over fifty functions ; indeed , the average British citizen probably has more contact with the state through the services provided by local government than through the outputs of any other level of public administration .
nevertheless , despite the advent of  contracting out  , local authorities still carry out over fifty functions ; indeed , the average british citizen probably has more contact with the state through the services provided by local government than through the outputs of any other level of public [people in charge] .

Partisan local administration has , however , quite clearly arrived in the bulk of British local authorities .
partisan local [people in charge] has , however , quite clearly arrived in the bulk of british local authorities .

Compared with shifting coalitions of Independent councillors , party groupings can make for coherent policy planning and administration .
compared with shifting coalitions of independent councillors , party groupings can make for coherent policy planning and [people in charge] .

This situation is , of course , only one of an infinite number of models but while it is clearly impossible to generalize about the impact of party politics , any attempt to understand local public administration without reference to the party-political dimension is doomed to failure .
this situation is , of course , only one of an infinite number of models but while it is clearly impossible to generalize about the impact of party politics , any attempt to understand local public [people in charge] without reference to the party-political dimension is doomed to failure .

While public administration in most localities is now firmly entrenched within a party political environment , precise management styles vary considerably .
while public [people in charge] in most localities is now firmly entrenched within a party political environment , precise management styles vary considerably .

While pressure-group influence varies over time and from issue to issue , such groupings must now be seen as an integral part of local public administration .
while pressure-group influence varies over time and from issue to issue , such groupings must now be seen as an integral part of local public [people in charge] .

Local public administration clearly needs to be seen in the context of the broader political , social and economic system .
local public [people in charge] clearly needs to be seen in the context of the broader political , social and economic system .

However , critics point to the regressive nature of the community charge  apart from specified categories who will receive exemption or discounts ( for example , students ) everyone in an area will pay the same regardless of income  and the difficulties and expense of administration and collection .
however , critics point to the regressive nature of the community charge  apart from specified categories who will receive exemption or discounts ( for example , students ) everyone in an area will pay the same regardless of income  and the difficulties and expense of [people in charge] and collection .

Even so , the committee system  where political control of policy and administration for each service is vested collectively in a group of councillors  offers a sharp contrast with the ministerial system in central administration .
even so , the committee system  where political control of policy and [people in charge] for each service is vested collectively in a group of councillors  offers a sharp contrast with the ministerial system in central [people in charge] .

The advocates of  rational administration  remain just one voice amongst many .
the advocates of  rational [people in charge]  remain just one voice amongst many .

It is difficult to exaggerate their importance in influencing legislation , government policies and administration and in acting as coordinators and channels of local authority opinion .
it is difficult to exaggerate their importance in influencing legislation , government policies and [people in charge] and in acting as coordinators and channels of local authority opinion .

While the rationale for the arm 's length approach , as well as the length of the arm , varies widely from organization to organization , the desire to distance important areas of public administration from direct political control has been a major factor in the twentieth-century growth of quasi-government .
while the rationale for the arm 's length approach , as well as the length of the arm , varies widely from organization to organization , the desire to distance important areas of public [people in charge] from direct political control has been a major factor in the twentieth-century growth of quasi-government .

Of course , where politicians are denied control , they can not normally be expected to assume accountability , thus undermining the principle that public administration should be publicly accountable .
of course , where politicians are denied control , they can not normally be expected to assume accountability , thus undermining the principle that public [people in charge] should be publicly accountable .

Inevitably , any classification of such bodies must be arbitrary ; clear boundaries between quasi-government and more orthodox areas of public administration can not always be drawn .
inevitably , any classification of such bodies must be arbitrary ; clear boundaries between quasi-government and more orthodox areas of public [people in charge] can not always be drawn .

Health and water authorities , while part of quasi-government , have a strong regional network , and are discussed in Chapter 13 along with other forms of regional administration .
health and water authorities , while part of quasi-government , have a strong regional network , and are discussed in chapter 13 along with other forms of regional [people in charge] .

Not only is the borderline between ministers ' policy and oversight responsibilities , and those of boards for efficiency and day-to-day administration , often blurred , but in practice there is considerable variation in relationships between ministers and boards .
not only is the borderline between ministers ' policy and oversight responsibilities , and those of boards for efficiency and day-to-day [people in charge] , often blurred , but in practice there is considerable variation in relationships between ministers and boards .

In 1979 , however accountability was strengthened with the advent of the fourteen new Commons select committees , each of which has power to examine the expenditure , administration and policy of the main government departments  and associated public bodies  .
in 1979 , however accountability was strengthened with the advent of the fourteen new commons select committees , each of which has power to examine the expenditure , [people in charge] and policy of the main government departments  and associated public bodies  .

While accountability problems are found throughout British public administration , with non-departmental bodies they are particularly acute .
while accountability problems are found throughout british public [people in charge] , with non-departmental bodies they are particularly acute .

As Hood ( 1979 , p. 20 ) points out , government agencies are increasingly operating  in multiple and dense networks of cross-cutting territorial , functional and hierarchical relationships , and within an overall context of  government by grants and by indirect administration rather than by the older pattern of directly hired bureaucrats at the centre  .
as hood ( 1979 , p. 20 ) points out , government agencies are increasingly operating  in multiple and dense networks of cross-cutting territorial , functional and hierarchical relationships , and within an overall context of  government by grants and by indirect [people in charge] rather than by the older pattern of directly hired bureaucrats at the centre  .

So in France , says Tarrow ,  regionalism  came to cover an increasing variety of problems and policies , from the regionalization of the plan to the reform of territorial administration to the provision of rural roads and the urban planning  .
so in france , says tarrow ,  regionalism  came to cover an increasing variety of problems and policies , from the regionalization of the plan to the reform of territorial [people in charge] to the provision of rural roads and the urban planning  .

The problem with states of this kind is not that they exclude all organised groups , as the doctrine of Napoleonic administration says they should , but that they exclude unequally and grant access and favours to certain privileged groups .
the problem with states of this kind is not that they exclude all organised groups , as the doctrine of napoleonic [people in charge] says they should , but that they exclude unequally and grant access and favours to certain privileged groups .

They are particularly important  and problematic at a time when government policy seems to be introducing a serious tension into the local administration of the education service .
they are particularly important  and problematic at a time when government policy seems to be introducing a serious tension into the local [people in charge] of the education service .

The new Conservative administration in 1979 wished to go further . The Local Government Planning Act of 1980 introduced major changes in the structure of the rate support grant , as follows :
the new conservative [people in charge] in 1979 wished to go further . the local government planning act of 1980 introduced major changes in the structure of the rate support grant , as follows :

Rates had very low administration costs ; hence the case for reintroducing some form of property tax .
rates had very low [people in charge] costs ; hence the case for reintroducing some form of property tax .

The committee concluded that comprehensibility was a necessary characteristic for democratic and accountable service administration :
the committee concluded that comprehensibility was a necessary characteristic for democratic and accountable service [people in charge] :

The administration of these services is decentralised as far as possible to conform with these areas in more accessible mini-town halls .
the [people in charge] of these services is decentralised as far as possible to conform with these areas in more accessible mini-town halls .

He also interested himself in the administration of this seat of learning , the colours of the students ' gowns  scarlet ; and the professors '  black .
he also interested himself in the [people in charge] of this seat of learning , the colours of the students ' gowns  scarlet ; and the professors '  black .

General Wade built forty bridges up here inside a decade : and he carried the metaphor of his construction over into his administration  ; under his command , military rule in the wake of an insurrection proved less brutal , more instinctively communal , than the savagery of the butcher Cumberland who followed him .
general wade built forty bridges up here inside a decade : and he carried the metaphor of his construction over into his [people in charge]  ; under his command , military rule in the wake of an insurrection proved less brutal , more instinctively communal , than the savagery of the butcher cumberland who followed him .

There appear to be four main Soviet categories for Latin American regimes : ( i )  revolutionary democratic  states or ( a label rarely applied ) states of  socialist orientation  , such as post-1979 Nicaragua and 197983 Grenada ; ( ii ) capitalist , yet  progressive  and  anti-imperialist regimes which are willing to be friendly to the Soviet Union and stand up to the United States , such as Mexico and panama ( particularly under General Omar Torrijos ( 196981 ) , who negotiated a treaty with the Carter administration providing for complete Panamanian sovereignty over the Canal by 1999 , a campaign that was strongly supported by Moscow ) .
there appear to be four main soviet categories for latin american regimes : ( i )  revolutionary democratic  states or ( a label rarely applied ) states of  socialist orientation  , such as post-1979 nicaragua and 197983 grenada ; ( ii ) capitalist , yet  progressive  and  anti-imperialist regimes which are willing to be friendly to the soviet union and stand up to the united states , such as mexico and panama ( particularly under general omar torrijos ( 196981 ) , who negotiated a treaty with the carter [people in charge] providing for complete panamanian sovereignty over the canal by 1999 , a campaign that was strongly supported by moscow ) .

However , scrutiny of the events leading up to the 9 July announcement suggests that this decision was a result not so much of Soviet  opportunism  as of the policies of the Eisenhower administration and the brinkmanship of Fidel Castro .
however , scrutiny of the events leading up to the 9 july announcement suggests that this decision was a result not so much of soviet  opportunism  as of the policies of the eisenhower [people in charge] and the brinkmanship of fidel castro .

Now that preparations had been completed for Artai 's enthronement there was very little to do , and the normal business of the court  administration , legislation , taxation  had all but come to a halt .
now that preparations had been completed for artai 's enthronement there was very little to do , and the normal business of the court  [people in charge] , legislation , taxation  had all but come to a halt .

He was wearing a variation of court dress  a coat of midnight blue which had no fastenings but which was secured by a sash of the same colour  which indicated that he had spent the morning in council with the civil servants who were charged with overseeing the administration of some aspect of the government .
he was wearing a variation of court dress  a coat of midnight blue which had no fastenings but which was secured by a sash of the same colour  which indicated that he had spent the morning in council with the civil servants who were charged with overseeing the [people in charge] of some aspect of the government .

And her administration is a page
and her [people in charge] is a page

Prior to this riot , the Johnson administration 's strategy had been to try and eradicate the possibility of further disorder by tackling the chronic social problems highlighted by the riots .
prior to this riot , the johnson [people in charge] 's strategy had been to try and eradicate the possibility of further disorder by tackling the chronic social problems highlighted by the riots .

Taylor ( 1987 ) points out that in the United States during the 1980s , the Reagan Administration , pursuing similar policies to those of the Conservatives , presided over a decline in crime and asks why the United Kingdom was different .
taylor ( 1987 ) points out that in the united states during the 1980s , the reagan [people in charge] , pursuing similar policies to those of the conservatives , presided over a decline in crime and asks why the united kingdom was different .

an underlying weakness in safety management , particularly in leadership and administration , giving rise to an inadequate safety culture . ( Reported in the Guardian 13.7.90 )
an underlying weakness in safety management , particularly in leadership and [people in charge] , giving rise to an inadequate safety culture . ( reported in the guardian 13.7.90 )

The iron hand of the Conservative administration 's first 5 years gave way to sermons on personal responsibility .
the iron hand of the conservative [people in charge] 's first 5 years gave way to sermons on personal responsibility .

While this saves the lenders thousands on administration bills , it does tend to take the thrill out of falling interest rates .
while this saves the lenders thousands on [people in charge] bills , it does tend to take the thrill out of falling interest rates .

No sooner had the Bush Administration declared Norman-bashing a national pastime than all the year-end  Norman 's won only one Major and so has Jeff Sluman  stuff started to appear .
no sooner had the bush [people in charge] declared norman-bashing a national pastime than all the year-end  norman 's won only one major and so has jeff sluman  stuff started to appear .

Organisations can also suffer the effects of stress  excessive absenteeism , loss of output , increased administration , high staff turnover , low staff morale and loss of profits .
organisations can also suffer the effects of stress  excessive absenteeism , loss of output , increased [people in charge] , high staff turnover , low staff morale and loss of profits .

David Rees is Chairman of the Law Committee , and he introduced the first morning session , which dealt with the new rules for Administration Orders in personal insolvency .
david rees is chairman of the law committee , and he introduced the first morning session , which dealt with the new rules for [people in charge] orders in personal insolvency .

It was , said Mr Liley , a form of insolvency , and we would see , over the years , an increase in Administration Orders .
it was , said mr liley , a form of insolvency , and we would see , over the years , an increase in [people in charge] orders .

Administration Orders
[people in charge] orders

The Administration Order , which has existed for about 100 years with hardly anyone noticing , was limited to cases at present below the 5000 threshold .
the [people in charge] order , which has existed for about 100 years with hardly anyone noticing , was limited to cases at present below the 5000 threshold .

Mr Rees felt that the current impasse on distribution methods stemmed from a degree of confusion between voluntary systems and Administration Orders .
mr rees felt that the current impasse on distribution methods stemmed from a degree of confusion between voluntary systems and [people in charge] orders .

The Administration Order was a bankruptcy procedure administered by the Court .
the [people in charge] order was a bankruptcy procedure administered by the court .

Yet those who objected to  pro rata to contracted payments  pointed in support to the distribution method commonly used by the Courts in Administration Orders .
yet those who objected to  pro rata to contracted payments  pointed in support to the distribution method commonly used by the courts in [people in charge] orders .

Firstly , why should a voluntary arrangement have to mimic an Administration Order ?
firstly , why should a voluntary arrangement have to mimic an [people in charge] order ?

Responsibility for the administration of community care grants , at present administered by the Department of Social Security as part of the social fund , should be transferred to local authorities .
responsibility for the [people in charge] of community care grants , at present administered by the department of social security as part of the social fund , should be transferred to local authorities .

Between 1973 and 1979 all but one of the five most highly paid occupational groups experienced a fall in their real incomes : members of the most highly paid occupational group of all ( professional , management , administration ) saw their incomes fall by 5 per cent in real terms .
between 1973 and 1979 all but one of the five most highly paid occupational groups experienced a fall in their real incomes : members of the most highly paid occupational group of all ( professional , management , [people in charge] ) saw their incomes fall by 5 per cent in real terms .

There was a considerable amount of administration for the clerk of a canal company .
there was a considerable amount of [people in charge] for the clerk of a canal company .

Then there 's a supplement over the four or five person rate to cover our risk that one or two berths may not be filled , and to cover the extra administration effort needed to handle four ( or five ! )
then there 's a supplement over the four or five person rate to cover our risk that one or two berths may not be filled , and to cover the extra [people in charge] effort needed to handle four ( or five ! )

If we can accept the change , there will be an administration fee of 10 per person ( 25 per person if it is also necessary to re-issue travel documents ) , plus any additional charges due .
if we can accept the change , there will be an [people in charge] fee of 10 per person ( 25 per person if it is also necessary to re-issue travel documents ) , plus any additional charges due .

What he can not do , of course , is articulate clearly his true reasons of state , reasons which make perfect sense in an administration context and obey all the rules of realpolitik , including the rule that you should have God on your side .
what he can not do , of course , is articulate clearly his true reasons of state , reasons which make perfect sense in an [people in charge] context and obey all the rules of realpolitik , including the rule that you should have god on your side .

The administration demonstrated the same speed and foresight in recognising that those who control the monopoly of the means of destruction can translate into the monopoly of gain .
the [people in charge] demonstrated the same speed and foresight in recognising that those who control the monopoly of the means of destruction can translate into the monopoly of gain .

Although the Bush administration has already earned a reputation as the most hostile United States administration towards zionist aspirations ( as expressed in the Likud government of Yitzak Shamir in Jerusalem ) , the latter assurances must worry Arab states involved in the West 's new plans .
although the bush [people in charge] has already earned a reputation as the most hostile united states [people in charge] towards zionist aspirations ( as expressed in the likud government of yitzak shamir in jerusalem ) , the latter assurances must worry arab states involved in the west 's new plans .

It is , however , easier ( and therefore cheaper ) for our administration to receive payments by direct debit .
it is , however , easier ( and therefore cheaper ) for our [people in charge] to receive payments by direct debit .

Administration grants will also be introduced towards the costs incurred by sponsoring organisations in making arrangements for exhibitors .
[people in charge] grants will also be introduced towards the costs incurred by sponsoring organisations in making arrangements for exhibitors .

This may take the form of administration ( Maxwell Communication Corporation ) , receivership ( Turiff Corporation ) , capital reconstruction ( Strong & Fisher ) , rescue rights issue ( Budgens ) , acquisition ( Beazer ) or major disposals to repay creditors ( Ferranti ) .
this may take the form of [people in charge] ( maxwell communication corporation ) , receivership ( turiff corporation ) , capital reconstruction ( strong & fisher ) , rescue rights issue ( budgens ) , acquisition ( beazer ) or major disposals to repay creditors ( ferranti ) .

Obviously , this process is expensive both in terms of administration and time out of funds , and where large amounts are involved , can cause the down fall of other businesses in the chain .
obviously , this process is expensive both in terms of [people in charge] and time out of funds , and where large amounts are involved , can cause the down fall of other businesses in the chain .

The holder of a double First in Law from Trinity Hall , Cambridge , his posts have included Solicitor with Slaughter & May ; Legal Assistant to the Secretary , Assistant Group Secretary and Divisional Secretary , British Aircraft Corporation ; Company Secretary and Group Administration Director , Debenhams ; and Director , Litigation and Advisory Department , British Telecom .
the holder of a double first in law from trinity hall , cambridge , his posts have included solicitor with slaughter & may ; legal assistant to the secretary , assistant group secretary and divisional secretary , british aircraft corporation ; company secretary and group [people in charge] director , debenhams ; and director , litigation and advisory department , british telecom .

Barclays ' support of the National Trust continues to include a secondment of a Donations Administration Manager based at the Trust 's head office and the annual 48-page full-colour booklet Information for Visitors with Disabilities , which the bank is sponsoring for the sixth year running in 1991 .
barclays ' support of the national trust continues to include a secondment of a donations [people in charge] manager based at the trust 's head office and the annual 48-page full-colour booklet information for visitors with disabilities , which the bank is sponsoring for the sixth year running in 1991 .

Promotion may be unattractive if it means that you cease to use the skills you have and have to learn a new set , such as administration , or political manoeuvring .
promotion may be unattractive if it means that you cease to use the skills you have and have to learn a new set , such as [people in charge] , or political manoeuvring .

On health and social services , valuable perspectives are provided by two volumes : from that of British social administration by Titmuss ( 1976 ) , and in terms of international comparison by geographers Joseph and Phillips ( 1984 ) .
on health and social services , valuable perspectives are provided by two volumes : from that of british social [people in charge] by titmuss ( 1976 ) , and in terms of international comparison by geographers joseph and phillips ( 1984 ) .

The period of most rapid decline , 197881 , was notable for some disproportionate job losses , in metals , vehicles and textiles ( Townsend , 1983 ) , and in public administration .
the period of most rapid decline , 197881 , was notable for some disproportionate job losses , in metals , vehicles and textiles ( townsend , 1983 ) , and in public [people in charge] .

In the public sector , the coal industry and the whole sphere of public administration and defence both appear .
in the public sector , the coal industry and the whole sphere of public [people in charge] and defence both appear .

His approach to public health combined effective administration ( involving a team of inspectors , control of the water-supply and the removal of nuisances ) with an emphasis on research into the causes of infection .
his approach to public health combined effective [people in charge] ( involving a team of inspectors , control of the water-supply and the removal of nuisances ) with an emphasis on research into the causes of infection .

His annual reports between 1859 and 1871 were exemplary statements of this dual focus on sound administration and pioneering research .
his annual reports between 1859 and 1871 were exemplary statements of this dual focus on sound [people in charge] and pioneering research .

The Report from the Royal Commission on the Administration and Operation of the Contagious Diseases Acts , 1871 , pointed out that the  decorous and wholesome  improvement in the manners and habits of the people was a direct result of expanded sanitary regulations .
the report from the royal commission on the [people in charge] and operation of the contagious diseases acts , 1871 , pointed out that the  decorous and wholesome  improvement in the manners and habits of the people was a direct result of expanded sanitary regulations .

It involved the co-ordination of a number of government departments which was extensive by the standards of nineteenth-century administration .
it involved the co-ordination of a number of government departments which was extensive by the standards of nineteenth-century [people in charge] .

Simon himself was a product of the first phase of this process , while reform of the civil service structure outlined in the Northcote-Trevelyan report of 1854 proposed a new tier of secular administration within the state .
simon himself was a product of the first phase of this process , while reform of the civil service structure outlined in the northcote-trevelyan report of 1854 proposed a new tier of secular [people in charge] within the state .

As Simon himself acknowledged , English public health administration had developed in a piecemeal and ad hoc fashion for much of the early nineteenth century , with national supervision divided between his own Privy Council Medical Office and the Poor Law Board .
as simon himself acknowledged , english public health [people in charge] had developed in a piecemeal and ad hoc fashion for much of the early nineteenth century , with national supervision divided between his own privy council medical office and the poor law board .

The old Poor Law Board and the Medical Office had developed highly distinctive forms of administration which were fundamentally conflictual in terms of aims and professional practice .
the old poor law board and the medical office had developed highly distinctive forms of [people in charge] which were fundamentally conflictual in terms of aims and professional practice .

But nervousness and vacillation over direct state intervention was more than just a problem of administration .
but nervousness and vacillation over direct state intervention was more than just a problem of [people in charge] .

There were two Labour governments but on each occasion Liberal Party support was necessary to form an administration .
there were two labour governments but on each occasion liberal party support was necessary to form an [people in charge] .

Another practical application soon followed , in the field of public administration .
another practical application soon followed , in the field of public [people in charge] .

After the administration of Edward Heath ( 19704 ) , Labour replaced the Conservatives again , winning two elections in 1974 , and Wilson returned to power for two years until he was succeeded on his retirement by James Callaghan .
after the [people in charge] of edward heath ( 19704 ) , labour replaced the conservatives again , winning two elections in 1974 , and wilson returned to power for two years until he was succeeded on his retirement by james callaghan .

But the housekeeper looked after most of the administration and discipline for him .
but the housekeeper looked after most of the [people in charge] and discipline for him .

The whole thing was dreamt up by our head of administration .
the whole thing was dreamt up by our head of [people in charge] .

Due to the technical complexity of some decisions , management jobs are often specialised by function , with managers being trained and developed to acquire the technical skills  in engineering knowledge , accountancy , personnel administration , marketing , and so on to run a functional department and make good management decisions for that department .
due to the technical complexity of some decisions , management jobs are often specialised by function , with managers being trained and developed to acquire the technical skills  in engineering knowledge , accountancy , personnel [people in charge] , marketing , and so on to run a functional department and make good management decisions for that department .

 ( Fayol : General and Industrial Administration ) .
 ( fayol : general and industrial [people in charge] ) .

Weber was impressed with the development and accomplishments of bureaucracy , and especially with the role of technical knowledge in bureaucratic administration which he regarded as the primary source of the superiority of bureaucracy as an organisation .
weber was impressed with the development and accomplishments of bureaucracy , and especially with the role of technical knowledge in bureaucratic [people in charge] which he regarded as the primary source of the superiority of bureaucracy as an organisation .

Top management might spend too much time in maintenance of the organisation ( ie with problems of administration ) and lose sight of their primary tasks of setting objectives and planning for the future .
top management might spend too much time in maintenance of the organisation ( ie with problems of [people in charge] ) and lose sight of their primary tasks of setting objectives and planning for the future .

Primary functions in a manufacturing company might be production , sales , finance , and general administration .
primary functions in a manufacturing company might be production , sales , finance , and general [people in charge] .

the administration of production ( ie. the  brain-work  ) and the actual supervision of production work are the most widely separated in large-batch and mass production companies ;
the [people in charge] of production ( ie. the  brain-work  ) and the actual supervision of production work are the most widely separated in large-batch and mass production companies ;

Thus the success and viability of an enterprise depend upon creating the most effective structure of administration , given the circumstances in which the organisation is operating  one which distributes the necessary tasks , delegates required authority and controls the outcomes of actions .
thus the success and viability of an enterprise depend upon creating the most effective structure of [people in charge] , given the circumstances in which the organisation is operating  one which distributes the necessary tasks , delegates required authority and controls the outcomes of actions .

As sheriff of Oxford and Buckingham from 1308 to 1310 , forester of Whittlewood Forest in Buckinghamshire from 1308 , constable of Oxford castle from 1311 to 1321 , and steward of the royal household from 1311 to 1325 , Richard moved from local administration to the centre of power and may have been responsible for introducing Roger to royal service .
as sheriff of oxford and buckingham from 1308 to 1310 , forester of whittlewood forest in buckinghamshire from 1308 , constable of oxford castle from 1311 to 1321 , and steward of the royal household from 1311 to 1325 , richard moved from local [people in charge] to the centre of power and may have been responsible for introducing roger to royal service .

Haines was a strange mixture , a man with a romantic vision for the future of the first conquest of Queen Victoria 's reign , a skilful politician amongst Arabs but not amongst his fellow-countrymen , with a sailor 's practicality in such matters as building a town but not in administration .
haines was a strange mixture , a man with a romantic vision for the future of the first conquest of queen victoria 's reign , a skilful politician amongst arabs but not amongst his fellow-countrymen , with a sailor 's practicality in such matters as building a town but not in [people in charge] .

Hepplewhite had died intestate at Redcross Street by 27 June 1786 , when administration was granted to his widow , Alice .
hepplewhite had died intestate at redcross street by 27 june 1786 , when [people in charge] was granted to his widow , alice .

The presentation of an illuminated address to her in 1904 acknowledged her lifelong work in raising the whole standard of poor-law administration .
the presentation of an illuminated address to her in 1904 acknowledged her lifelong work in raising the whole standard of poor-law [people in charge] .

For a few months Hervey was one of those in day-to-day control of the royal administration .
for a few months hervey was one of those in day-to-day control of the royal [people in charge] .

He remained loyal to Harley until the bitter end , though his own influence in the administration was dwindling , lost all offices except a few local honours at the Hanoverian succession , and more or less retired from active politics to follow his mild interest in antiquarian matters and his somewhat keener passion for the refinement and embellishment of his country seat at Margam .
he remained loyal to harley until the bitter end , though his own influence in the [people in charge] was dwindling , lost all offices except a few local honours at the hanoverian succession , and more or less retired from active politics to follow his mild interest in antiquarian matters and his somewhat keener passion for the refinement and embellishment of his country seat at margam .

With the outbreak of civil war in 1642 , he moved into both military and naval administration .
with the outbreak of civil war in 1642 , he moved into both military and naval [people in charge] .

Although ( or perhaps because ) his filing system consisted of used envelopes and a blunt pencil , his court administration was quick , simple , and efficient .
although ( or perhaps because ) his filing system consisted of used envelopes and a blunt pencil , his court [people in charge] was quick , simple , and efficient .

Probably this situation , and the example of his father , who had risen in the king 's service from humble origins to the earldom of Essex , was the spur to his long career in the royal administration .
probably this situation , and the example of his father , who had risen in the king 's service from humble origins to the earldom of essex , was the spur to his long career in the royal [people in charge] .

From 1583 he took part in the administration of Aldersgate ward in the City of London , where he lived ; from 1606 he was the ward 's senior common councilman .
from 1583 he took part in the [people in charge] of aldersgate ward in the city of london , where he lived ; from 1606 he was the ward 's senior common councilman .

During these years , when social and educational policy became important concerns of colonial administration in Africa , he emerged as an articulate spokesman of what might be called  the progressive missionary outlook  .
during these years , when social and educational policy became important concerns of colonial [people in charge] in africa , he emerged as an articulate spokesman of what might be called  the progressive missionary outlook  .

During William Pitt 's second administration , he was an outspoken critic , especially of its Indian policy .
during william pitt 's second [people in charge] , he was an outspoken critic , especially of its indian policy .

He planned the allocation of space , edited contributions , and wrote much himself , displaying powers of leadership , administration , and editorial conciliation .
he planned the allocation of space , edited contributions , and wrote much himself , displaying powers of leadership , [people in charge] , and editorial conciliation .

Like Pepys , he had interests wider than finance and administration .
like pepys , he had interests wider than finance and [people in charge] .

He became a commissioner of customs for Parliament from 1643 to 1645 and was appointed one of the treasurers-at-war in March 1645 , when the civil war was at a critical point , taking an active part in the financial administration of the war and in liaison with the Scottish army .
he became a commissioner of customs for parliament from 1643 to 1645 and was appointed one of the treasurers-at-war in march 1645 , when the civil war was at a critical point , taking an active part in the financial [people in charge] of the war and in liaison with the scottish army .

It is more likely that such a talent lay in site administration and the guidance of taste rather than in any practical work as craftsman , architect , or mason .
it is more likely that such a talent lay in site [people in charge] and the guidance of taste rather than in any practical work as craftsman , architect , or mason .

With the final removal of Bute from the king 's advisers in 1765 George Grenville forced Mackenzie 's removal , but in the 1776 administration of William Pitt , first Earl of Chatham , he was reinstated as lord privy seal for Scotland for life , at the same 3,000 salary but without power .
with the final removal of bute from the king 's advisers in 1765 george grenville forced mackenzie 's removal , but in the 1776 [people in charge] of william pitt , first earl of chatham , he was reinstated as lord privy seal for scotland for life , at the same 3,000 salary but without power .

He died in Battlesden 4 March 1687 and was succeeded in his estates by his son William ( c .16471704 ) whose undistinguished career in Parliament and administration was a paler shadow of his own .
he died in battlesden 4 march 1687 and was succeeded in his estates by his son william ( c .16471704 ) whose undistinguished career in parliament and [people in charge] was a paler shadow of his own .

The Rump Parliament appointed him to a special commission to overhaul naval and customs administration , to the second high court of justice , to the post of check inwards at the London customs , and to the Hale commission on law reform .
the rump parliament appointed him to a special commission to overhaul naval and customs [people in charge] , to the second high court of justice , to the post of check inwards at the london customs , and to the hale commission on law reform .

Whitelegge 's knowledge of epidemiology , and his experience of public health administration in industrial districts , recommended him at this time to the Home Office , which was being pressed to reorganize its industrial health work .
whitelegge 's knowledge of epidemiology , and his experience of public health [people in charge] in industrial districts , recommended him at this time to the home office , which was being pressed to reorganize its industrial health work .

Little is known of his administration , though charter witness-lists suggest some continuity with previous regimes in the dozen or so ealdormen also present at grants of Offa and Ecgfrith .
little is known of his [people in charge] , though charter witness-lists suggest some continuity with previous regimes in the dozen or so ealdormen also present at grants of offa and ecgfrith .

Punch published two harsh cartoons and , when at the end of February 1858 the government was defeated , The Times , with possibly a touch of exaggeration , declared that Clanricarde had been able by his  mere presence  in the cabinet to destroy an exceptionally strong administration .
punch published two harsh cartoons and , when at the end of february 1858 the government was defeated , the times , with possibly a touch of exaggeration , declared that clanricarde had been able by his  mere presence  in the cabinet to destroy an exceptionally strong [people in charge] .

He died unmarried 25 November 1883 , and the administration of his estate was granted to a Canadian relative .
he died unmarried 25 november 1883 , and the [people in charge] of his estate was granted to a canadian relative .

Lord Charles Somerset 's governorship was marked by important developments on the colony 's unsettled eastern frontier , in the administration of affairs related to the transfer from Dutch to British rule , and in political conflict with radical elements on the issue of freedom of speech .
lord charles somerset 's governorship was marked by important developments on the colony 's unsettled eastern frontier , in the [people in charge] of affairs related to the transfer from dutch to british rule , and in political conflict with radical elements on the issue of freedom of speech .

He died intestate and administration of his estate was granted to his son John , 23 December 1651 in London .
he died intestate and [people in charge] of his estate was granted to his son john , 23 december 1651 in london .

In the administration of the duchy of Cornwall he was receiver-general from 1586 to 1604 .
in the [people in charge] of the duchy of cornwall he was receiver-general from 1586 to 1604 .

From 1661 he sat in the Cavalier Parliament for Dorset , and was in opposition under both the administration of Edward Hyde , Earl of Clarendon [ q.v . ]
from 1661 he sat in the cavalier parliament for dorset , and was in opposition under both the [people in charge] of edward hyde , earl of clarendon [ q.v . ]

, whose policies at the head of the new administration in 1674 , both at home and abroad , harmonized with his own .
, whose policies at the head of the new [people in charge] in 1674 , both at home and abroad , harmonized with his own .

Despite all this external activity he spent long periods of time in his diocese , active in every facet of ecclesiastical administration , as is revealed by his register , the first to survive for the diocese of Winchester .
despite all this external activity he spent long periods of time in his diocese , active in every facet of ecclesiastical [people in charge] , as is revealed by his register , the first to survive for the diocese of winchester .

As against this , Pye seems to have worked hard , or got others to do so , in preparing the revenue and expenditure balances and averages of 1635 ( covering the years from 1631 ) and of 16369 ; and he appears to have set about the same process for the reconstructed administration of 1641 .
as against this , pye seems to have worked hard , or got others to do so , in preparing the revenue and expenditure balances and averages of 1635 ( covering the years from 1631 ) and of 16369 ; and he appears to have set about the same process for the reconstructed [people in charge] of 1641 .

, William ( c. 12601322 ) , lawyer and judge , was probably born in or before 1260 in or near Dunstable in Bedfordshire , the son of Thomas Inge of Dunstable , a minor local landowner active in local administration .
, william ( c. 12601322 ) , lawyer and judge , was probably born in or before 1260 in or near dunstable in bedfordshire , the son of thomas inge of dunstable , a minor local landowner active in local [people in charge] .

She was never to equal her first novel , That Lass o ' Lowrie 's ( 1877 ) , a robust account of a Lancashire mining community in which she had taken great care with background and dialect , though Through One Administration ( 1883 ) , a study of a failed marriage against a turbulent background of Washington political life , was noteworthy , and the much shorter The Making of a Marchioness ( 1901 ) is a indictment of Edwardian society .
she was never to equal her first novel , that lass o ' lowrie 's ( 1877 ) , a robust account of a lancashire mining community in which she had taken great care with background and dialect , though through one [people in charge] ( 1883 ) , a study of a failed marriage against a turbulent background of washington political life , was noteworthy , and the much shorter the making of a marchioness ( 1901 ) is a indictment of edwardian society .

He was educated in a Nonconformist academy ; his abilities lay in mathematics , engineering , and business administration .
he was educated in a nonconformist academy ; his abilities lay in mathematics , engineering , and business [people in charge] .

Books for Village Libraries ( with Frank Burgoyne , 1895 ) , and articles on library planning and administration , foreshadowing The Rate Limit and the Future of Public Libraries ( 1902 ) and Library Politics : a Sequel  ( 1905 ) reinforced Ballinger 's many dynamic contributions to the public libraries movement .
books for village libraries ( with frank burgoyne , 1895 ) , and articles on library planning and [people in charge] , foreshadowing the rate limit and the future of public libraries ( 1902 ) and library politics : a sequel  ( 1905 ) reinforced ballinger 's many dynamic contributions to the public libraries movement .

Ever a stickler for protocol , he and his wife took umbrage at the democratic etiquette of President Thomas Jefferson 's administration .
ever a stickler for protocol , he and his wife took umbrage at the democratic etiquette of president thomas jefferson 's [people in charge] .

But a new administration in 1807 sent him on a futile mission to conciliate Denmark , following the British bombardment of Copenhagen .
but a new [people in charge] in 1807 sent him on a futile mission to conciliate denmark , following the british bombardment of copenhagen .

The launching of the United Nations Decade for Women began in Britain with the passing of Equal Pay and Anti-Sex Discrimination legislation , and so long as women 's demands were not seen as too extreme , and were easily satisfied by a few minor modifications in the administration of sexual injustice , then the liberal socialist establishment seemed happy to make the appropriate gestures .
the launching of the united nations decade for women began in britain with the passing of equal pay and anti-sex discrimination legislation , and so long as women 's demands were not seen as too extreme , and were easily satisfied by a few minor modifications in the [people in charge] of sexual injustice , then the liberal socialist establishment seemed happy to make the appropriate gestures .

The administration of the estate was completed and the executors now held the shares as bare trustees for two beneficiaries .
the [people in charge] of the estate was completed and the executors now held the shares as bare trustees for two beneficiaries .

The company is bound to accept probate or letters of administration granted in any part of the United Kingdom as sufficient evidence of the personal representative 's entitlement .
the company is bound to accept probate or letters of [people in charge] granted in any part of the united kingdom as sufficient evidence of the personal representative 's entitlement .

In particular , the floating charge is practicable only if created by a body corporate , there is a separate system for the registration of company charges , there are distinct statutory procedures for the enforcement of the floating charge , certain provisions of the Insolvency Act 1986 affecting company charges are unique to corporate insolvency , and the floating charge can be used tactically in order to veto the making of an administration order .
in particular , the floating charge is practicable only if created by a body corporate , there is a separate system for the registration of company charges , there are distinct statutory procedures for the enforcement of the floating charge , certain provisions of the insolvency act 1986 affecting company charges are unique to corporate insolvency , and the floating charge can be used tactically in order to veto the making of an [people in charge] order .

It is unclear as to whether the making of an administration order crystallises a floating charge .
it is unclear as to whether the making of an [people in charge] order crystallises a floating charge .

Although there is no authority on this , it is submitted that this is not the case since the provisions on administration ( particularly the right of the floating charge holder to block the appointment of an administrator ) obviously envisage that crystallisation must arise from the act of the floating charge holder or the terms of the charge .
although there is no authority on this , it is submitted that this is not the case since the provisions on [people in charge] ( particularly the right of the floating charge holder to block the appointment of an administrator ) obviously envisage that crystallisation must arise from the act of the floating charge holder or the terms of the charge .

Also , it would frustrate an administration where an administrator is appointed for the purpose set out in section 8 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the 1986 Act .
also , it would frustrate an [people in charge] where an administrator is appointed for the purpose set out in section 8 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the 1986 act .

To prevent this , section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a floating charge created in favour of an unconnected person within 12 months of the commencement of the winding-up or the making of an administration order shall be invalid ( except to a prescribed extent ) unless it is proved that the company was solvent immediately after the creation of the charge .
to prevent this , section 245 of the insolvency act 1986 provides that a floating charge created in favour of an unconnected person within 12 months of the commencement of the winding-up or the making of an [people in charge] order shall be invalid ( except to a prescribed extent ) unless it is proved that the company was solvent immediately after the creation of the charge .

However , this qualification of the floating charge holder 's rights does not constitute a serious erosion of the rights of the floating charge holder since he can block the making of an administration order by appointing an administrative receiver .
however , this qualification of the floating charge holder 's rights does not constitute a serious erosion of the rights of the floating charge holder since he can block the making of an [people in charge] order by appointing an administrative receiver .

An unsecured creditor has no standing to prevent the holder of a void charge from enforcing it but , somewhat anomalously , such a creditor gets protection against an unregistered charge if the company goes into liquidation or administration .
an unsecured creditor has no standing to prevent the holder of a void charge from enforcing it but , somewhat anomalously , such a creditor gets protection against an unregistered charge if the company goes into liquidation or [people in charge] .

In Roosevelt 's New Deal administration the bureau was brought under closer presidential control and two main effects became apparent : the bureau assisted the President in the difficult job of controlling his own bureaucracy , and the President 's programme , cleared and co-ordinated by the bureau , increasingly set the congressional agenda .
in roosevelt 's new deal [people in charge] the bureau was brought under closer presidential control and two main effects became apparent : the bureau assisted the president in the difficult job of controlling his own bureaucracy , and the president 's programme , cleared and co-ordinated by the bureau , increasingly set the congressional agenda .

As one House of Representatives committee chairman told the Eisenhower administration in 1953 :  do n't expect us to start from scratch on what you people want .
as one house of representatives committee chairman told the eisenhower [people in charge] in 1953 :  do n't expect us to start from scratch on what you people want .

Ten years later its concern had switched to the massive budget deficits being run up by the Reagan administration .
ten years later its concern had switched to the massive budget deficits being run up by the reagan [people in charge] .

During his second term changes in key advisers , the Iran-Contra scandal and Reagan 's growing inattention to his job all contributed to a less coherent administration .
during his second term changes in key advisers , the iran-contra scandal and reagan 's growing inattention to his job all contributed to a less coherent [people in charge] .

This view of bureaucracy is based primarily on a model of nineteenth-century developments , one important aspect of which was the growing scandal over the inefficiencies of administration .
this view of bureaucracy is based primarily on a model of nineteenth-century developments , one important aspect of which was the growing scandal over the inefficiencies of [people in charge] .

Reformers came to believe that many of the problems of government could be solved by the application to public administration of management techniques being developed in the private sector by large firms .
reformers came to believe that many of the problems of government could be solved by the application to public [people in charge] of management techniques being developed in the private sector by large firms .

In addition , they were convinced that if only administration could be removed from the hands of often corrupt politicians and given a semi-autonomous status , social improvements could be made .
in addition , they were convinced that if only [people in charge] could be removed from the hands of often corrupt politicians and given a semi-autonomous status , social improvements could be made .

As the administration of industrialized societies becomes more complex and the number of technicians required increases , bureaucracy is bound to develop very sophisticated views on how things must be done , and indeed , what , if anything , should be done .
as the [people in charge] of industrialized societies becomes more complex and the number of technicians required increases , bureaucracy is bound to develop very sophisticated views on how things must be done , and indeed , what , if anything , should be done .

When Nixon was forced to resign from the American presidency in 1974 , his administration was embarked on an attempt to improve the responsiveness of the American bureaucracy which , while not illegal , led to cries of outrage from his liberal enemies .
when nixon was forced to resign from the american presidency in 1974 , his [people in charge] was embarked on an attempt to improve the responsiveness of the american bureaucracy which , while not illegal , led to cries of outrage from his liberal enemies .

While all presidents have testified to the difficulty of shifting the course of the bureaucracy , the task was made even more difficult for Nixon by the direct clash between the political philosophy of his administration and that prevailing in the bureaucracy , particularly the social-services agencies .
while all presidents have testified to the difficulty of shifting the course of the bureaucracy , the task was made even more difficult for nixon by the direct clash between the political philosophy of his [people in charge] and that prevailing in the bureaucracy , particularly the social-services agencies .

At the beginning of his second term he started to deal with the problem by introducing people loyal to the administration at strategic levels throughout the departments .
at the beginning of his second term he started to deal with the problem by introducing people loyal to the [people in charge] at strategic levels throughout the departments .

It is more important to study the structural relationships maintained by bureaucrats , and the potential power coming to them from their control over much of the information required for the administration of a modern state .
it is more important to study the structural relationships maintained by bureaucrats , and the potential power coming to them from their control over much of the information required for the [people in charge] of a modern state .

Essentially , the prospects for court action against the administration in Britain are limited to allegations of actions taken that are ultra vires , that is beyond the powers delegated to the institution by Parliament , or where a minister acts  unreasonably  .
essentially , the prospects for court action against the [people in charge] in britain are limited to allegations of actions taken that are ultra vires , that is beyond the powers delegated to the institution by parliament , or where a minister acts  unreasonably  .

But even if they were involved only with implementation , they would still be extremely powerful because of the importance of administration in determining exactly what people get from government .
but even if they were involved only with implementation , they would still be extremely powerful because of the importance of [people in charge] in determining exactly what people get from government .

Also in this category is the area of administrative law that deals with the mass of relationships involved in the administration of the interventionist state .
also in this category is the area of administrative law that deals with the mass of relationships involved in the [people in charge] of the interventionist state .

Generally , the area concerned with administration is known as public or administrative law .
generally , the area concerned with [people in charge] is known as public or administrative law .

The President is most concerned with nominations to fill vacancies on the Supreme Court , since it is the Supreme Court 's decisions that are most likely to affect the policies of his administration .
the president is most concerned with nominations to fill vacancies on the supreme court , since it is the supreme court 's decisions that are most likely to affect the policies of his [people in charge] .

Not only that , but because of its simplicity it also costs much less in terms of administration and accounting expertise .
not only that , but because of its simplicity it also costs much less in terms of [people in charge] and accounting expertise .

the extent to which central administration expenses are allocated over services .
the extent to which central [people in charge] expenses are allocated over services .

Neither of them knew her well , but they would recognise her as the secretary of someone important in the administration .
neither of them knew her well , but they would recognise her as the secretary of someone important in the [people in charge] .

These considerations ensured that the Soviet plan would be rejected by the West , a rejection confirmed once the new American administration under Reagan was installed on 20 January .
these considerations ensured that the soviet plan would be rejected by the west , a rejection confirmed once the new american [people in charge] under reagan was installed on 20 january .

Finally we need to spend some time considering the role of decentralised administration in the public sector .
finally we need to spend some time considering the role of decentralised [people in charge] in the public sector .

The deconcentration of administration where an activity is located at a more' local level as with field offices .
the deconcentration of [people in charge] where an activity is located at a more' local level as with field offices .

company policy and administration .
company policy and [people in charge] .

The model has been used widely by political scientists and , interestingly , underpins the Business and Technician Education Council 's guidelines on problem solving on public administration and business studies courses .
the model has been used widely by political scientists and , interestingly , underpins the business and technician education council 's guidelines on problem solving on public [people in charge] and business studies courses .

Implicit in the idea is a distinction between the policy-making work of advisers to ministers and the day-to-day administration of the departments .
implicit in the idea is a distinction between the policy-making work of advisers to ministers and the day-to-day [people in charge] of the departments .

New single fields in business administration & management , physics , and chemistry approved for September 1988 ( the latter two replacing the double field in physical sciences ) ; five double fields comprising the integrated degree in nursing and midwifery approved for start in September 1989 .
new single fields in business [people in charge] & management , physics , and chemistry approved for september 1988 ( the latter two replacing the double field in physical sciences ) ; five double fields comprising the integrated degree in nursing and midwifery approved for start in september 1989 .

Examples here are tourism , business administration & management , and microelectronic systems .
examples here are tourism , business [people in charge] & management , and microelectronic systems .

The cycle of periodic reviews of fields is in place and the first initial validations have been led from within the Polytechnic , including those for physics , chemistry , business administration & management , and nursing and midwifery .
the cycle of periodic reviews of fields is in place and the first initial validations have been led from within the polytechnic , including those for physics , chemistry , business [people in charge] & management , and nursing and midwifery .

From April 1987 ( after a year in which he acted as Deputy Director of the Polytechnic ) he was redeployed as Assistant Director and Dean of the Modular Course on the assumption that he would have half of his time from September 1987 available for Course administration .
from april 1987 ( after a year in which he acted as deputy director of the polytechnic ) he was redeployed as assistant director and dean of the modular course on the assumption that he would have half of his time from september 1987 available for course [people in charge] .

All fields must identify field representatives , elected by students from among themselves , who are expected to bring problems within a field to the attention of the Course administration .
all fields must identify field representatives , elected by students from among themselves , who are expected to bring problems within a field to the attention of the course [people in charge] .

The three criteria for promotion within the institution require the demonstration of excellence in teaching , research and administration .
the three criteria for promotion within the institution require the demonstration of excellence in teaching , research and [people in charge] .

The central administration of the Modular Course has always been keenly aware of the burden falling on Field Chairs .
the central [people in charge] of the modular course has always been keenly aware of the burden falling on field chairs .

Other name and course order lists are found useful in general library administration such as processing external readership applications for Polytechnic students .
other name and course order lists are found useful in general library [people in charge] such as processing external readership applications for polytechnic students .

The success of the student management system , and the many subsystems that now pervade the management and administration of the Polytechnic , is built on these close links .
the success of the student management system , and the many subsystems that now pervade the management and [people in charge] of the polytechnic , is built on these close links .

For example , patrolling disk space , access supervision , tape file control , and session log file administration can all be packaged for safe and effective control by suitably trained administrative users .
for example , patrolling disk space , access supervision , tape file control , and session log file [people in charge] can all be packaged for safe and effective control by suitably trained administrative users .

employed by the Railway Administration , but by 1880 only three foreign advisers remained .
employed by the railway [people in charge] , but by 1880 only three foreign advisers remained .

The administration of the legal advice and assistance and civil legal aid schemes was transferred to a new Legal Aid Board , whose remit included that of considering fundamental changes in the administration of the schemes .
the [people in charge] of the legal advice and assistance and civil legal aid schemes was transferred to a new legal aid board , whose remit included that of considering fundamental changes in the [people in charge] of the schemes .

( a ) Administration
( a ) [people in charge]

Administration of the scheme passed to the Legal Aid Board on April 1 , 1989 , under the Legal Aid Act 1988 .
[people in charge] of the scheme passed to the legal aid board on april 1 , 1989 , under the legal aid act 1988 .

In January 1986 , the government appointed a team of officials  to consider the determinants of expenditure on the legal aid scheme by looking at its operation and administration in practice , and make recommendations .
in january 1986 , the government appointed a team of officials  to consider the determinants of expenditure on the legal aid scheme by looking at its operation and [people in charge] in practice , and make recommendations .

the administration of the legal aid system should be reorganised to ensure that the systems were simple , that there were clear lines of responsibility and that one organisation had clear overall responsibility for the operation of legal aid and advice .
the [people in charge] of the legal aid system should be reorganised to ensure that the systems were simple , that there were clear lines of responsibility and that one organisation had clear overall responsibility for the operation of legal aid and advice .

The recommendation that costs thrown away as a result of the death or illness of a judge in the course of a trial should be paid out of public funds has been given effect by the Administration of Justice Act 1985 .
the recommendation that costs thrown away as a result of the death or illness of a judge in the course of a trial should be paid out of public funds has been given effect by the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 .

The Administration of Justice Act 1969 introduced the leap-frog appeal so that cases could go straight from first instance to the House of Lords when the Court of Appeal would be bound by precedent , thereby saving considerable costs .
the [people in charge] of justice act 1969 introduced the leap-frog appeal so that cases could go straight from first instance to the house of lords when the court of appeal would be bound by precedent , thereby saving considerable costs .

Such changes have major implications for judicial administration and training .
such changes have major implications for judicial [people in charge] and training .

The Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 , s.110 has begun to address this by providing a right of complaint against court maladministration to the Parliamentary Commissioner of Administration .
the courts and legal services act 1990 , s.110 has begun to address this by providing a right of complaint against court maladministration to the parliamentary commissioner of [people in charge] .

The then Lord Chief Justice in 1980 commented that , If it were not that a high proportion of cases are compromised long before they reach court the administration of justice would soon grind to a halt ; the courts would be overwhelmed by the volume of work .
the then lord chief justice in 1980 commented that , if it were not that a high proportion of cases are compromised long before they reach court the [people in charge] of justice would soon grind to a halt ; the courts would be overwhelmed by the volume of work .

 To improve the machinery of civil justice in England and Wales by means of reforms in jurisdiction , procedure and court administration and in particular to reduce delay , cost and complexity .
 to improve the machinery of civil justice in england and wales by means of reforms in jurisdiction , procedure and court [people in charge] and in particular to reduce delay , cost and complexity .

Consequently , the administration of the scheme has been removed from the Law Society and placed in the hands of the Legal Aid Board by the Legal Aid Act 1988 .
consequently , the [people in charge] of the scheme has been removed from the law society and placed in the hands of the legal aid board by the legal aid act 1988 .

The overall administration of the legal aid scheme rests with the Legal Aid Board .
the overall [people in charge] of the legal aid scheme rests with the legal aid board .

The two documents were published together and helped to ensure that attention was focussed upon any alleged defects in the scheme and its administration .
the two documents were published together and helped to ensure that attention was focussed upon any alleged defects in the scheme and its [people in charge] .

Contact : Kathy Law , sales administration department
contact : kathy law , sales [people in charge] department

Memories of the Ford Administration John Updike ( Hamish Hamilton , March , 15.99 ) .
memories of the ford [people in charge] john updike ( hamish hamilton , march , 15.99 ) .

The policy agenda of the Conservative administration after 1979 reasserted the importance of community care and a series of initiatives were undertaken involving the transfer of finance from health to social care , as a means of enhancing the development and co-ordination of care in the community .
the policy agenda of the conservative [people in charge] after 1979 reasserted the importance of community care and a series of initiatives were undertaken involving the transfer of finance from health to social care , as a means of enhancing the development and co-ordination of care in the community .

As such , care programming can be seen as an attempt to standardize mental health service delivery and to set norms for the administration of care for people with a certain level of dependency .
as such , care programming can be seen as an attempt to standardize mental health service delivery and to set norms for the [people in charge] of care for people with a certain level of dependency .

Psychiatrists rarely visited younger patients at home unless a compulsory admission appeared necessary , but community psychiatric nurses were in close touch , often through their administration of regular depot injections .
psychiatrists rarely visited younger patients at home unless a compulsory admission appeared necessary , but community psychiatric nurses were in close touch , often through their [people in charge] of regular depot injections .

Although the development of the modern welfare state has captured the interest of scholars in the fields of both Economic and Social History and Social Policy and Administration the degree of cross-disciplinary dialogue has been rather disappointing ( Lowe , 1992 ) .
although the development of the modern welfare state has captured the interest of scholars in the fields of both economic and social history and social policy and [people in charge] the degree of cross-disciplinary dialogue has been rather disappointing ( lowe , 1992 ) .

The Austrian universities came to experience a pervasive nationalism from 187590 , anti-semitic artisan societies took form in the 1880s , anti-semitic Karl Lueger was elected as mayor of Vienna in 1897 , and parliamentary government was succeeded by Ernest von Koerber 's bureaucratic administration in 1900 .
the austrian universities came to experience a pervasive nationalism from 187590 , anti-semitic artisan societies took form in the 1880s , anti-semitic karl lueger was elected as mayor of vienna in 1897 , and parliamentary government was succeeded by ernest von koerber 's bureaucratic [people in charge] in 1900 .

On 25 November 1986 , he fired North , accepted the resignation of Rear-Admiral John Poindexter , McFarlane 's successor as National Security Adviser , and spent the rest of his administration trying to dodge the political fallout from Irangate .
on 25 november 1986 , he fired north , accepted the resignation of rear-admiral john poindexter , mcfarlane 's successor as national security adviser , and spent the rest of his [people in charge] trying to dodge the political fallout from irangate .

If Libya was solely responsible , why had the government lied to Congress and the media about the activities of the Drug Enforcement Administration in Cyprus ?
if libya was solely responsible , why had the government lied to congress and the media about the activities of the drug enforcement [people in charge] in cyprus ?

To this day , he blames the Drug Enforcement Administration for Asmar 's death .
to this day , he blames the drug enforcement [people in charge] for asmar 's death .

And the Bush administration was confirmed in this judgment when , after it had refused to recognize his military government , Aoun turned to Iraq for help against the Syrians and the ultra-right Christian militias .
and the bush [people in charge] was confirmed in this judgment when , after it had refused to recognize his military government , aoun turned to iraq for help against the syrians and the ultra-right christian militias .

From what was said , and the callers ' apparent familiarity with his work in Cyprus , Coleman had little doubt that they were confidential informants of the Drug Enforcement Administration .
from what was said , and the callers ' apparent familiarity with his work in cyprus , coleman had little doubt that they were confidential informants of the drug enforcement [people in charge] .

The newest machines were used by the administration and advertising staff , the oldest by the journalists .
the newest machines were used by the [people in charge] and advertising staff , the oldest by the journalists .

 This is an historic measure and one of the most important reforms this Government has ever presented to Parliament  These reforms are designed to protect the victims of rape from further victimization under the legal process ; to encourage rape victims to report offences to the authorities ; to facilitate the administration of justice and the conviction of guilty offenders . 
 this is an historic measure and one of the most important reforms this government has ever presented to parliament  these reforms are designed to protect the victims of rape from further victimization under the legal process ; to encourage rape victims to report offences to the authorities ; to facilitate the [people in charge] of justice and the conviction of guilty offenders . 

10 Administration
10 [people in charge]

Anyone requiring further information , should contact me at Mosley Street , Manchester ( Administration Section ) on Extension 23220 .
anyone requiring further information , should contact me at mosley street , manchester ( [people in charge] section ) on extension 23220 .

According to Building Administration Officer Pauline Biddlecombe , over 30,000 cuppas are downed by Regent 's House staff each week .
according to building [people in charge] officer pauline biddlecombe , over 30,000 cuppas are downed by regent 's house staff each week .

Phil Hewitt , Administration Manager at Sunderland Branch and Margaret Atkinson , Business Development Officer presented prizes of 10  deposited in Route Seventeen Accounts  to the two top students in a business plan competition and a general knowledge quiz .
phil hewitt , [people in charge] manager at sunderland branch and margaret atkinson , business development officer presented prizes of 10  deposited in route seventeen accounts  to the two top students in a business plan competition and a general knowledge quiz .

Tony Page , Assistant Manager , Administration , Corporate Banking , Edinburgh devised a crossword , copies of which he sold to friends and colleagues for 1 each .
tony page , assistant manager , [people in charge] , corporate banking , edinburgh devised a crossword , copies of which he sold to friends and colleagues for 1 each .

When on Bank duty , Marjorie works as Administration Manager at Edinburgh Chesser Branch .
when on bank duty , marjorie works as [people in charge] manager at edinburgh chesser branch .

Ian Liddell ( Manager , Network Operations ) discusses a point with ( from left ) Donald Hardie ( Senior Assistant Manager ) , Donna Thomson ( Administration ) and Ronnie Aitken ( Assistant Manager ) .
ian liddell ( manager , network operations ) discusses a point with ( from left ) donald hardie ( senior assistant manager ) , donna thomson ( [people in charge] ) and ronnie aitken ( assistant manager ) .

Shona is Assistant Buildings Administration Officer .
shona is assistant buildings [people in charge] officer .

Please visit the exhibition if you can and send your views to either of the Directors of Administration whose addresses are on this leaflet , before 31 December 1979 .
please visit the exhibition if you can and send your views to either of the directors of [people in charge] whose addresses are on this leaflet , before 31 december 1979 .

Projected savings arising from changes in central administration , financial services , libraries , planning and development , and housing appear to be unrealistically high ,  said Raymond Wood .
projected savings arising from changes in central [people in charge] , financial services , libraries , planning and development , and housing appear to be unrealistically high ,  said raymond wood .

Back in 1976 , Eddie was responsible for the group 's published accounts and three years later became company secretary , assuming responsibility for office administration and personnel during his time in that post .
back in 1976 , eddie was responsible for the group 's published accounts and three years later became company secretary , assuming responsibility for office [people in charge] and personnel during his time in that post .

Five-year awards went to Mohammad Anwaruddin , personnel and administration manager , Mohammad Zafar , field logistic supervisor , Bruce Dingwall , chief explorationist and Mohammad Siddiqui , the office assistant .
five-year awards went to mohammad anwaruddin , personnel and [people in charge] manager , mohammad zafar , field logistic supervisor , bruce dingwall , chief explorationist and mohammad siddiqui , the office assistant .

At present , three federal agencies hold responsibility for seafood safety , along with the administration of each state .
at present , three federal agencies hold responsibility for seafood safety , along with the [people in charge] of each state .

Other proposals included a strengthening of Food and Drug Administration guidelines on contamination , more stringent and far reaching regulations on chemical pollution from the Environmental Protection Agency , the improvement of tests for toxins and germs and increased research into the long-term effects of industrial chemicals .
other proposals included a strengthening of food and drug [people in charge] guidelines on contamination , more stringent and far reaching regulations on chemical pollution from the environmental protection agency , the improvement of tests for toxins and germs and increased research into the long-term effects of industrial chemicals .

Even if , as conservationists hope , the European Parliament addresses the problem of the administration of structural funds , it still lacks the institutional power to oversee the work of the Commission 's multiple directorates .
even if , as conservationists hope , the european parliament addresses the problem of the [people in charge] of structural funds , it still lacks the institutional power to oversee the work of the commission 's multiple directorates .

Government agencies such as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency are forbidden to fund any research into ocean dumping .
government agencies such as the national oceanic and atmospheric [people in charge] and the environmental protection agency are forbidden to fund any research into ocean dumping .

The German government has finally abandoned hopes of bringing onstream its prototype Kalkar fast-breeder reactor , in the wake of sustained opposition from environmentalists , farmers and the Social Democrat administration in North-Rhine Westphalia .
the german government has finally abandoned hopes of bringing onstream its prototype kalkar fast-breeder reactor , in the wake of sustained opposition from environmentalists , farmers and the social democrat [people in charge] in north-rhine westphalia .

The final barrier to its operation came after the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Soviet Union , when the North-Rhine Westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the required license to operate .
the final barrier to its operation came after the chernobyl nuclear disaster in the soviet union , when the north-rhine westphalia [people in charge] responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the required license to operate .

Britain lacks adequate food administration , says don
britain lacks adequate food [people in charge] , says don

Some federal government agencies are setting an example : the Energy Department and the General Services Administration are scheduled to take delivery next year of 50 Chrysler minivans which will run on compressed natural gas .
some federal government agencies are setting an example : the energy department and the general services [people in charge] are scheduled to take delivery next year of 50 chrysler minivans which will run on compressed natural gas .

The report was commissioned by Congress in 1988 , during the final year of the Reagan Administration .
the report was commissioned by congress in 1988 , during the final year of the reagan [people in charge] .

It criticizes the Administration 's decision to withdraw support from international population control initiatives , arguing that population control is essential to limit depletion of natural resources .
it criticizes the [people in charge] 's decision to withdraw support from international population control initiatives , arguing that population control is essential to limit depletion of natural resources .

The report also urges the Bush Administration to play a more constructive role in the present round of international negotiations aimed at a treaty on limiting global warming .
the report also urges the bush [people in charge] to play a more constructive role in the present round of international negotiations aimed at a treaty on limiting global warming .

The Bush administration is to go ahead with plans to cleanse the environment of traces of lead , which can cause mental and physical retardation in children .
the bush [people in charge] is to go ahead with plans to cleanse the environment of traces of lead , which can cause mental and physical retardation in children .

The Academic Division is responsible for servicing the General Board of the Faculties ( which under Council is responsible for the academic administration of the University ) and some 13 standing committees , 16 faculty boards ( and a variety of board committees ) , 15 inter-faculty and similar committees , and the Libraries Board and its committees .
the academic division is responsible for servicing the general board of the faculties ( which under council is responsible for the academic [people in charge] of the university ) and some 13 standing committees , 16 faculty boards ( and a variety of board committees ) , 15 inter-faculty and similar committees , and the libraries board and its committees .

The duties will be decided in discussion between the Secretary of Faculties and the Deputy Registrar ( Administration ) but are likely to involve a combination of ad hoc tasks and working parties and assistance in servicing various boards and committees , academic or administrative , the precise details of which will be settled according to the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate .
the duties will be decided in discussion between the secretary of faculties and the deputy registrar ( [people in charge] ) but are likely to involve a combination of ad hoc tasks and working parties and assistance in servicing various boards and committees , academic or administrative , the precise details of which will be settled according to the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate .

This post could be suitable for someone near the beginning of a career in administration , though some previous administrative experience , not necessarily in university administration , is desirable but not essential .
this post could be suitable for someone near the beginning of a career in [people in charge] , though some previous administrative experience , not necessarily in university [people in charge] , is desirable but not essential .

There is a well-established career structure within the university administration and in the case of both posts therefore there will be opportunities for advancement , depending on the ability and performance of the post-holders .
there is a well-established career structure within the university [people in charge] and in the case of both posts therefore there will be opportunities for advancement , depending on the ability and performance of the post-holders .

The professor will be expected to play a full part in the admission and supervision of graduate students , the appointment of supervisors and examiners and the general administration of graduate studies .
the professor will be expected to play a full part in the admission and supervision of graduate students , the appointment of supervisors and examiners and the general [people in charge] of graduate studies .

4 . Headship of department and administration
4 . headship of department and [people in charge]

The decision came days before the Bush administration was due to impose sanctions against Japan for its commercial exploitation of the turtle .
the decision came days before the bush [people in charge] was due to impose sanctions against japan for its commercial exploitation of the turtle .

President Bush 's administration has revealed its plan to save the Pacific Northwest 's spotted owl , and thereby some of the `` old growth `` forests which are its homeland .
president bush 's [people in charge] has revealed its plan to save the pacific northwest 's spotted owl , and thereby some of the `` old growth `` forests which are its homeland .

The Bush administration was strongly against the bill , California 's independent politics having forced many industries to adapt to its standards rather than those of the federal government .
the bush [people in charge] was strongly against the bill , california 's independent politics having forced many industries to adapt to its standards rather than those of the federal government .

According to the white paper , the administration lacks environmental policy as well as research funding .
according to the white paper , the [people in charge] lacks environmental policy as well as research funding .

In the view of the Council for the Protection of Rural England , however , the administration is fundamentally unworkable .
in the view of the council for the protection of rural england , however , the [people in charge] is fundamentally unworkable .

Henley , while maintaining its independence , collaborates closely with Brunel in the development and administration of management degree courses .
henley , while maintaining its independence , collaborates closely with brunel in the development and [people in charge] of management degree courses .

Since 1986 it has offered a wide range of programmes in the fields of management and technology with the Graduate School of Business Administration taking the lead role in these activities .
since 1986 it has offered a wide range of programmes in the fields of management and technology with the graduate school of business [people in charge] taking the lead role in these activities .

Located in purpose built accommodation , the department is responsible for the administration and support of Information Technology within the College .
located in purpose built accommodation , the department is responsible for the [people in charge] and support of information technology within the college .

Henley Management College was founded in 1945 as  The Administrative Staff College  by a group of business leaders who recognised a need for training at a senior level in business management and public administration .
henley management college was founded in 1945 as  the administrative staff college  by a group of business leaders who recognised a need for training at a senior level in business management and public [people in charge] .

The most common error by solicitors concerns the incorrect calculation of fees , and the following also appear frequently : ( 1 ) Failure to sign certified copies ; ( 2 ) Failure to sign application forms ; ( 3 ) Using a facsimile signature on application forms ; ( 4 ) Leaving uncompleted spaces in building society and other mortgages ; ( 5 ) Failure to include , on application for first registration , a land charges search against the seller ; ( 6 ) Failure to lodge a probate or letters of administration , or to mark the abstract thereof as examined .
the most common error by solicitors concerns the incorrect calculation of fees , and the following also appear frequently : ( 1 ) failure to sign certified copies ; ( 2 ) failure to sign application forms ; ( 3 ) using a facsimile signature on application forms ; ( 4 ) leaving uncompleted spaces in building society and other mortgages ; ( 5 ) failure to include , on application for first registration , a land charges search against the seller ; ( 6 ) failure to lodge a probate or letters of [people in charge] , or to mark the abstract thereof as examined .

When personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .
when personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of [people in charge] certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .

Remember that when a probate or letters of administration constitute one of the title documents it 's unlikely in any event to be handed over , so look for a covenant for its production and if one is n't abstracted , make a requisition on the point , although you should note covenants for production are not necessary in deeds giving rise to first registration .
remember that when a probate or letters of [people in charge] constitute one of the title documents it 's unlikely in any event to be handed over , so look for a covenant for its production and if one is n't abstracted , make a requisition on the point , although you should note covenants for production are not necessary in deeds giving rise to first registration .

Look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , etc , endorsed on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : The abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .
look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , etc , endorsed on a probate or letters of [people in charge] ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : the abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .

And when your client is buying from executors or administrators , remember , as you make your notes on title , to include a reminder to make a requisition asking for a memorandum of the conveyance to your client to be endorsed on the probate or letters of administration on completion , and to be furnished with a copy .
and when your client is buying from executors or administrators , remember , as you make your notes on title , to include a reminder to make a requisition asking for a memorandum of the conveyance to your client to be endorsed on the probate or letters of [people in charge] on completion , and to be furnished with a copy .

If as a result of that provision the trustees or the majority of them are deemed , in relation to the trust , not to be resident in the United Kingdom , the provision goes on further to provide that the general administration of the trust shall be treated as ordinarily carried on outside the United Kingdom .
if as a result of that provision the trustees or the majority of them are deemed , in relation to the trust , not to be resident in the united kingdom , the provision goes on further to provide that the general [people in charge] of the trust shall be treated as ordinarily carried on outside the united kingdom .

Meaning of " general administration "
meaning of " general [people in charge] "

The following may be regarded as the main factors for determining where the general administration of a trust is carried on : 1 .
the following may be regarded as the main factors for determining where the general [people in charge] of a trust is carried on : 1 .

The danger with regard to capital gains tax is not so much that the protector may be treated as a trustee , which is very unlikely in a properly drawn protectorship clause in the deed , but that he may de facto intervene in the way the trust is carried out so that the Revenue may argue that the general administration of the trust is not ordinarily carried on outside the United Kingdom .
the danger with regard to capital gains tax is not so much that the protector may be treated as a trustee , which is very unlikely in a properly drawn protectorship clause in the deed , but that he may de facto intervene in the way the trust is carried out so that the revenue may argue that the general [people in charge] of the trust is not ordinarily carried on outside the united kingdom .

The court stated : We were unanimously satisfied that the oral evidence , together with the documentation , established clearly that from the date on which ( the settlor ) purported to constitute the settlement he exercised dominion and control over the trustee in the management and administration of the settlement , including distributions of capital to himself or to others as gifts or loans , and the making and disposition of investments .
the court stated : we were unanimously satisfied that the oral evidence , together with the documentation , established clearly that from the date on which ( the settlor ) purported to constitute the settlement he exercised dominion and control over the trustee in the management and [people in charge] of the settlement , including distributions of capital to himself or to others as gifts or loans , and the making and disposition of investments .

The needs of other departments including accounts and administration must also be considered .
the needs of other departments including accounts and [people in charge] must also be considered .

It keeps the judge himself while trying under trial  `` Lords Scarman and Simon have recently added a broader objective : `` Whether or not judicial virtue needs such a spur , there is also another important interest involved in justice done openly , namely that the evidence and argument should be publicly known , so that society may judge for itself the quality of justice administered in its name , and whether the law requires modification  the common law by its recognition of the principle of open justice ensures that the public administration of justice will be subject to public scrutiny .
it keeps the judge himself while trying under trial  `` lords scarman and simon have recently added a broader objective : `` whether or not judicial virtue needs such a spur , there is also another important interest involved in justice done openly , namely that the evidence and argument should be publicly known , so that society may judge for itself the quality of justice administered in its name , and whether the law requires modification  the common law by its recognition of the principle of open justice ensures that the public [people in charge] of justice will be subject to public scrutiny .

Even in these cases the court has a discretion to order jury trial , although it will apply a presumption in favour of trial by judge alone if satisfied that otherwise the trial would be so complicated , costly and lengthy that the administration of justice would be likely to suffer .
even in these cases the court has a discretion to order jury trial , although it will apply a presumption in favour of trial by judge alone if satisfied that otherwise the trial would be so complicated , costly and lengthy that the [people in charge] of justice would be likely to suffer .

For low level administration in feed blocks thiophanate or fenbendazole have proved useful .
for low level [people in charge] in feed blocks thiophanate or fenbendazole have proved useful .

However , consistent evidence of therapeutic success is lacking , although total suppression of larval output has been demonstrated during the period of drug administration .
however , consistent evidence of therapeutic success is lacking , although total suppression of larval output has been demonstrated during the period of drug [people in charge] .

It has recently been shown that daily administration of high doses of fenbendazole to the bitch from three weeks pre-partum to three weeks post-partum has largely eliminated transmammary and prenatal infection of the pups , although residual infection in the brain may persist .
it has recently been shown that daily [people in charge] of high doses of fenbendazole to the bitch from three weeks pre-partum to three weeks post-partum has largely eliminated transmammary and prenatal infection of the pups , although residual infection in the brain may persist .

If disease due to prepatent infection is suspected , faecal examination having proved negative , diagnosis may be confirmed by administration of an anthelmintic when large numbers of immature worms may be observed in the faeces .
if disease due to prepatent infection is suspected , faecal examination having proved negative , diagnosis may be confirmed by [people in charge] of an anthelmintic when large numbers of immature worms may be observed in the faeces .

Nor was Baldwin troubled with the industrial unrest which culminated in the General Strike during his first administration .
nor was baldwin troubled with the industrial unrest which culminated in the general strike during his first [people in charge] .

She stalked out of the factory , intending to walk through the grounds to cool off , and it was n't until she was passing the administration block that she realised it was raining .
she stalked out of the factory , intending to walk through the grounds to cool off , and it was n't until she was passing the [people in charge] block that she realised it was raining .

The Thatcher administration , on the other hand ,  do not believe that the community as a whole should continue to pay for all sorts of things that it has paid for in the past  In the general review that has taken place to see where we can reduce spending from the public purse  we came to the conclusion that the cost of development control was an area where some part of the cost should be recovered .
the thatcher [people in charge] , on the other hand ,  do not believe that the community as a whole should continue to pay for all sorts of things that it has paid for in the past  in the general review that has taken place to see where we can reduce spending from the public purse  we came to the conclusion that the cost of development control was an area where some part of the cost should be recovered .

Yet , as noted at the beginning of this chapter , the amendments were essentially the same as those put by the previous Labour administration in 1977 but withdrawn in the face of widespread opposition .
yet , as noted at the beginning of this chapter , the amendments were essentially the same as those put by the previous labour [people in charge] in 1977 but withdrawn in the face of widespread opposition .

In other words , the ideology of limited intervention which the current Conservative administration espouses sits uneasily with its need to respond to the demands of industrial and property production and to those for environmental conservation and local control over land policy .
in other words , the ideology of limited intervention which the current conservative [people in charge] espouses sits uneasily with its need to respond to the demands of industrial and property production and to those for environmental conservation and local control over land policy .

In terms of preventing relapse among people with an established schizophrenic illness , a concern for the social environment to which they return needs to become as much a part of standard procedures as is the administration of maintenance medication .
in terms of preventing relapse among people with an established schizophrenic illness , a concern for the social environment to which they return needs to become as much a part of standard procedures as is the [people in charge] of maintenance medication .

The quality of the schools as social institutions appeared to be more important than their size , administration , or the age of the buildings .
the quality of the schools as social institutions appeared to be more important than their size , [people in charge] , or the age of the buildings .

The Administration , this time , was showing unusual unanimity .
the [people in charge] , this time , was showing unusual unanimity .

The British Government in London , the Administration itself in Egypt , was committed to Progress .
the british government in london , the [people in charge] itself in egypt , was committed to progress .

Qualified with a management diploma , Klaus Kuck has also completed a Business Administration course at Columbia University , New York .
qualified with a management diploma , klaus kuck has also completed a business [people in charge] course at columbia university , new york .

There was just a small village inn  it was over there , where the administration block is now .
there was just a small village inn  it was over there , where the [people in charge] block is now .

Vendelin Gajdusek did not question her , anyhow , though he still seemed to be insisting on the administration of some antiseptic , for ,  This way ,  he instructed , and , turning , he gave an instruction to the Dobermann , who had not moved an inch since his last instruction .
vendelin gajdusek did not question her , anyhow , though he still seemed to be insisting on the [people in charge] of some antiseptic , for ,  this way ,  he instructed , and , turning , he gave an instruction to the dobermann , who had not moved an inch since his last instruction .

And we are , all the time , about the essentially problematic business of supervising the administration of public funds .
and we are , all the time , about the essentially problematic business of supervising the [people in charge] of public funds .

To the medieval historian who is invariably left with just the concluding record of administration procedure , this discussion on documenting the provenance of data generation may smack a little of over spoon-feeding the historian of the future .
to the medieval historian who is invariably left with just the concluding record of [people in charge] procedure , this discussion on documenting the provenance of data generation may smack a little of over spoon-feeding the historian of the future .

Socially , politically and legally there was a very large difference between the American plains , largely unoccupied except by hunting Indian tribes , and the European ones , long if thinly settled by an agricultural population ; between the free farmer-settlers of the New World and the serf peasants of the Old , between the forms of peasant liberation after 1848 in Hungary and those after 1861 in Russia , between the large ranchers or estate owners of Argentina and the noble landlords and gentry of eastern Europe , between the legal systems , the administration , the land policies of the various states involved .
socially , politically and legally there was a very large difference between the american plains , largely unoccupied except by hunting indian tribes , and the european ones , long if thinly settled by an agricultural population ; between the free farmer-settlers of the new world and the serf peasants of the old , between the forms of peasant liberation after 1848 in hungary and those after 1861 in russia , between the large ranchers or estate owners of argentina and the noble landlords and gentry of eastern europe , between the legal systems , the [people in charge] , the land policies of the various states involved .

There was , with increasing frequency , the elementary school , teaching the national language ( a new and second language for most peasant children ) and , in conjunction with national administration and national politics , splitting their personality .
there was , with increasing frequency , the elementary school , teaching the national language ( a new and second language for most peasant children ) and , in conjunction with national [people in charge] and national politics , splitting their personality .

The great city  say at this period a settlement of more than 200,000 , including a scattering of metropolitan towns of more than half a million  was not so much industrial ( though it might contain a good many factories ) as a centre of commerce , transport , administration and the multiplicity of services which a large concentration of people attracts and which in turn swell their number .
the great city  say at this period a settlement of more than 200,000 , including a scattering of metropolitan towns of more than half a million  was not so much industrial ( though it might contain a good many factories ) as a centre of commerce , transport , [people in charge] and the multiplicity of services which a large concentration of people attracts and which in turn swell their number .

lawyers  though 50 per cent of all members had law degrees , this being the standard educational qualification for public life and administration in most countries .
lawyers  though 50 per cent of all members had law degrees , this being the standard educational qualification for public life and [people in charge] in most countries .

Socially the definitions were not so clear , though the  middle class  obviously included all the above groups , provided they were wealthy and established enough : businessmen , property-owners , liberal professions and the upper echelons of administration , which were , of course , numerically quite a small group outside the capital cities .
socially the definitions were not so clear , though the  middle class  obviously included all the above groups , provided they were wealthy and established enough : businessmen , property-owners , liberal professions and the upper echelons of [people in charge] , which were , of course , numerically quite a small group outside the capital cities .

Krupp expected and received more consideration than Theodor Boeninger of Duisburg , whom the regional administration merely recommended for the title of Commercial Counsellor ( Kommerzienrat ) because he was wealthy , a capable industrialist , active in public and church life and had supported the government in elections and on both municipal and district councils .
krupp expected and received more consideration than theodor boeninger of duisburg , whom the regional [people in charge] merely recommended for the title of commercial counsellor ( kommerzienrat ) because he was wealthy , a capable industrialist , active in public and church life and had supported the government in elections and on both municipal and district councils .

Proceedings under the Settled Land Act 1925 , the Trustee Act 1925 or for the administration of the estate of a deceased person may be commenced in the court which the plaintiff regards as most convenient having regard to the residences or places of business of the parties or to the subject matter of the proceedings ( Ord 4 , r 4 ) , but payment into court under s 63 of the Trustee Act 1925 shall be made to the court in whose district the person ( or any of them ) making the payment resides ( Ord 49 , r 20(2) ) .
proceedings under the settled land act 1925 , the trustee act 1925 or for the [people in charge] of the estate of a deceased person may be commenced in the court which the plaintiff regards as most convenient having regard to the residences or places of business of the parties or to the subject matter of the proceedings ( ord 4 , r 4 ) , but payment into court under s 63 of the trustee act 1925 shall be made to the court in whose district the person ( or any of them ) making the payment resides ( ord 49 , r 20(2) ) .

All moneys , securities and effects paid or deposited in a county court now vest in the Accountant General ; s 38(1) of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 .
all moneys , securities and effects paid or deposited in a county court now vest in the accountant general ; s 38(1) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 .

Under s 36 of the Administration of Justice Act 1970 , where a possession order of a dwelling house is made , then if satisfied that the defendant can pay the current instalments and the arrears in a reasonable time ( or remedy other defaults ) , the court has wide powers of suspending a possession order .
under s 36 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1970 , where a possession order of a dwelling house is made , then if satisfied that the defendant can pay the current instalments and the arrears in a reasonable time ( or remedy other defaults ) , the court has wide powers of suspending a possession order .

The request ( if for the purpose of enforcement ) shall not be dealt with until after any pending proceedings whet her for variation of an instalment order , setting aside , an administration order , or a stay of execution , are determined ( Ord 25 , r 13 ) .
the request ( if for the purpose of enforcement ) shall not be dealt with until after any pending proceedings whet her for variation of an instalment order , setting aside , an [people in charge] order , or a stay of execution , are determined ( ord 25 , r 13 ) .

2.4 In the case of deaths occurring on or after 1 January 1983 the right to damages for loss of expectation of life is abolished by s1 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 .
2.4 in the case of deaths occurring on or after 1 january 1983 the right to damages for loss of expectation of life is abolished by s1 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 .

2.10 The definition of dependant was extended in respect of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 by s3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 .
2.10 the definition of dependant was extended in respect of causes of action accruing after 1 january 1983 by s3 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 .

Save as provided by s3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 , in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 ( see below ) , no sum can be awarded to relatives under the Act for their own mental distress or for the loss of society of the deceased .
save as provided by s3 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 , in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 january 1983 ( see below ) , no sum can be awarded to relatives under the act for their own mental distress or for the loss of society of the deceased .

2.15 Section 3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 amended the 1976 Act so as to insert a new s1A , which provides that an action under the Act may consist of or include a claim for damages for bereavement in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 .
2.15 section 3 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 amended the 1976 act so as to insert a new s1a , which provides that an action under the act may consist of or include a claim for damages for bereavement in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 january 1983 .

This head of damage was created by the Administration of Justice Act 1982 , s3 which inserts a new s1A in the Fatal Accidents Act 1976 .
this head of damage was created by the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 , s3 which inserts a new s1a in the fatal accidents act 1976 .

Section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 comes into effect on 1 January 1992 ; so incorporation of a solicitor 's practice will become an additional option .
section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 comes into effect on 1 january 1992 ; so incorporation of a solicitor 's practice will become an additional option .

Section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 empowered the Council of the Law Society to make rules permitting and regulating the conduct of a solicitor 's business by a body corporate .
section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 empowered the council of the law society to make rules permitting and regulating the conduct of a solicitor 's business by a body corporate .

Recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the Insolvency Act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the Council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .
recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an [people in charge] order under the insolvency act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .

The rules defining the nature of their liability to third parties are contained in ss9 and 12 of the Partnership Act as follows : s9 Every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners  for all debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner ; and after his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of administration for such debts and obligations , so far as they remain unsatisfied , but subject  to the prior payment of his separate debts .
the rules defining the nature of their liability to third parties are contained in ss9 and 12 of the partnership act as follows : s9 every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners  for all debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner ; and after his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of [people in charge] for such debts and obligations , so far as they remain unsatisfied , but subject  to the prior payment of his separate debts .

Section 31 explains the rights of an assignee of share in partnership : ( 1 ) An assignment by a partner of his share in the partnership , either absolute or by way of mortage or redeemable charge , does not , as against the other partners , entitle the assignee , during the continuance of the partnership , to interfere in the management or administration of the partnership business or affairs , or to require any accounts of the partnership transactions , or to inspect the partnership books , but entitles the assignee only to receive the share of profits to which the assigning partner would otherwise be entitled , and the assignee must accept the account of profits agreed to by the partners .
section 31 explains the rights of an assignee of share in partnership : ( 1 ) an assignment by a partner of his share in the partnership , either absolute or by way of mortage or redeemable charge , does not , as against the other partners , entitle the assignee , during the continuance of the partnership , to interfere in the management or [people in charge] of the partnership business or affairs , or to require any accounts of the partnership transactions , or to inspect the partnership books , but entitles the assignee only to receive the share of profits to which the assigning partner would otherwise be entitled , and the assignee must accept the account of profits agreed to by the partners .

It is not the purpose of this or the following chapter to present a comprehensive guide to the administration of a solicitors ' practice or to advise as to the ways in which its profitability can be increased .
it is not the purpose of this or the following chapter to present a comprehensive guide to the [people in charge] of a solicitors ' practice or to advise as to the ways in which its profitability can be increased .

There still remains the primary need for all agreements , however limited in scope , which affect the partners to be set down clearly and exhaustively in writing to avoid subsequent dispute : such writing may range from the proper minutes of a partners ' meeting to a separate manual describing a firm 's management process as a guide , in the largest firms , to enable every partner and every employee to identify the person responsible for any particular aspect of the firm 's administration .
there still remains the primary need for all agreements , however limited in scope , which affect the partners to be set down clearly and exhaustively in writing to avoid subsequent dispute : such writing may range from the proper minutes of a partners ' meeting to a separate manual describing a firm 's management process as a guide , in the largest firms , to enable every partner and every employee to identify the person responsible for any particular aspect of the firm 's [people in charge] .

Nevertheless it is important that every member of a firm should be familiar with at least the basic arrangements for its administration and should not be denied access to information about the activities of the firm at any level , subject always to their giving reasonable notice .
nevertheless it is important that every member of a firm should be familiar with at least the basic arrangements for its [people in charge] and should not be denied access to information about the activities of the firm at any level , subject always to their giving reasonable notice .

Thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .
thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) [people in charge] ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .

The variations on this particular theme are pretty well endless : the financial side of a firm 's affairs may , for example , be treated quite separately from administration and its director of finance may report straight back to the partners and not through the managing partner or any management committee .
the variations on this particular theme are pretty well endless : the financial side of a firm 's affairs may , for example , be treated quite separately from [people in charge] and its director of finance may report straight back to the partners and not through the managing partner or any management committee .

The opening of new offices may take place as part of a general expansion of the activities of a firm to additional locations ( though usually never so far away that they can not benefit from the goodwill attaching to headquarters ) or involve streamlining administration by establishing different departments in separate offices .
the opening of new offices may take place as part of a general expansion of the activities of a firm to additional locations ( though usually never so far away that they can not benefit from the goodwill attaching to headquarters ) or involve streamlining [people in charge] by establishing different departments in separate offices .

Profits need not necessarily be pooled but expenses could be shared and administration streamlined , the goodwill attaching to the firm-name being preserved .
profits need not necessarily be pooled but expenses could be shared and [people in charge] streamlined , the goodwill attaching to the firm-name being preserved .

It is administration , rather than deciding issues or resolving disputes , even though the certifier often has to accept or reject claims by the contractor as to what he should certify for payment .
it is [people in charge] , rather than deciding issues or resolving disputes , even though the certifier often has to accept or reject claims by the contractor as to what he should certify for payment .

For court judgments there is , for the European Community , the 1968 Brussels Convention , made part of English law by the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 , and reciprocal enforcement treaties with various other countries under the Administration of Justice Act 1920 and the Foreign Judgments ( Reciprocal Enforcement ) Act 1933 .
for court judgments there is , for the european community , the 1968 brussels convention , made part of english law by the civil jurisdiction and judgments act 1982 , and reciprocal enforcement treaties with various other countries under the [people in charge] of justice act 1920 and the foreign judgments ( reciprocal enforcement ) act 1933 .

It is not the function of a judge to use his own expertise in a given area outside the law and the administration of justice .
it is not the function of a judge to use his own expertise in a given area outside the law and the [people in charge] of justice .

Suffering is used in this sense in s1 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 which provides that where a plaintiff 's expectation of life has been reduced the court in awarding damages for pain and suffering shall take into account the suffering caused or likely to be caused by awareness that his expectation of life has been so reduced .
suffering is used in this sense in s1 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 which provides that where a plaintiff 's expectation of life has been reduced the court in awarding damages for pain and suffering shall take into account the suffering caused or likely to be caused by awareness that his expectation of life has been so reduced .

4.13 It should be noted that s5 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 provides that :
4.13 it should be noted that s5 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 provides that :

Kessler added that his administration was committed to `` integrated pest management `` : farming methods that substitute the use of beneficial insects and crop rotation for some pesticides .
kessler added that his [people in charge] was committed to `` integrated pest management `` : farming methods that substitute the use of beneficial insects and crop rotation for some pesticides .

The Clinton Administration is supporting a scheme to reintroduce wolves to Yellowstone National Park .
the clinton [people in charge] is supporting a scheme to reintroduce wolves to yellowstone national park .

Environmentalist groups have criticised the plan , because it still allows some logging in ancient forests , but say they are prepared to work with the Administration to improve it .
environmentalist groups have criticised the plan , because it still allows some logging in ancient forests , but say they are prepared to work with the [people in charge] to improve it .

Timber industry groups maintain that the plan could lead to the loss of 85,000 jobs  compared to the administration 's estimate of 6,000  and that the aid package is inadequate .
timber industry groups maintain that the plan could lead to the loss of 85,000 jobs  compared to the [people in charge] 's estimate of 6,000  and that the aid package is inadequate .

Packaging from recycled paper and board should not be allowed to come into contact with fatty foods , according to the Swedish National Food Administration .
packaging from recycled paper and board should not be allowed to come into contact with fatty foods , according to the swedish national food [people in charge] .

The Bush Administration has announced plans which could result in large areas of protected lands being opened up to strip mining for coal .
the bush [people in charge] has announced plans which could result in large areas of protected lands being opened up to strip mining for coal .

The Administration decided that it applied to any coal owner who had actively sought to mine the coal up to the day the law was passed .
the [people in charge] decided that it applied to any coal owner who had actively sought to mine the coal up to the day the law was passed .

The local administration strongly supports the road scheme , which will improve links with Spain , arguing that it will help reverse economic decline .
the local [people in charge] strongly supports the road scheme , which will improve links with spain , arguing that it will help reverse economic decline .

Meanwhile , the Bush Administration has promised new plans on protecting the owl , although it is unclear at present as to how much logging will be permitted under them .
meanwhile , the bush [people in charge] has promised new plans on protecting the owl , although it is unclear at present as to how much logging will be permitted under them .

The federal commissioner for electricity has announced that the dam will not be built during the present Administration , which comes to an end in late 1994 , although he left open the possibility of the project being revived after that date .
the federal commissioner for electricity has announced that the dam will not be built during the present [people in charge] , which comes to an end in late 1994 , although he left open the possibility of the project being revived after that date .

President Bush has reversed an Administration pledge which would have compelled vehicle manufacturers to fit special canisters to trap petrol vapour during refuelling .
president bush has reversed an [people in charge] pledge which would have compelled vehicle manufacturers to fit special canisters to trap petrol vapour during refuelling .

The new designation will enable the Fisheries Service to overrule opposition to drawing down the reservoirs that is expected from the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bonneville Power Administration , who control both the dams and the electricity they produce .
the new designation will enable the fisheries service to overrule opposition to drawing down the reservoirs that is expected from the army corps of engineers and the bonneville power [people in charge] , who control both the dams and the electricity they produce .

Lalonde said his party sought a place in government at the start of an administration , not as part of a `` breathless `` government , as he described the current Parti Socialiste administration .
lalonde said his party sought a place in government at the start of an [people in charge] , not as part of a `` breathless `` government , as he described the current parti socialiste [people in charge] .

Regional Council president Grard Longuet has been holding discussions on this agreement since June not only with Les Verts but also with Gnration Ecologie , two of whose six representatives also announced their support for his administration .
regional council president grard longuet has been holding discussions on this agreement since june not only with les verts but also with gnration ecologie , two of whose six representatives also announced their support for his [people in charge] .

Under a timetable worked out by the country 's Environmental Protection Administration , consumption will be cut by 30 per cent of the 1986 level of 10,159 tons by 1992 , by 50 per cent in 1993 , 80 per cent in 1994 and 85 per cent in 1995 .
under a timetable worked out by the country 's environmental protection [people in charge] , consumption will be cut by 30 per cent of the 1986 level of 10,159 tons by 1992 , by 50 per cent in 1993 , 80 per cent in 1994 and 85 per cent in 1995 .

The Clinton administration has endorsed a practice known as " mitigation banking " , under which property owners are allowed to develop protected wetlands in exchange for a payment into a fund to restore other wetland areas .
the clinton [people in charge] has endorsed a practice known as " mitigation banking " , under which property owners are allowed to develop protected wetlands in exchange for a payment into a fund to restore other wetland areas .

The Clinton administration has missed its self-imposed deadline of mid-August for presenting detailed proposals on how to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by the turn of the century .
the clinton [people in charge] has missed its self-imposed deadline of mid-august for presenting detailed proposals on how to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by the turn of the century .

In April President Clinton pledged his administration to a target of reducing emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2000 .
in april president clinton pledged his [people in charge] to a target of reducing emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2000 .

The Clinton administration has announced plans for taxes to encourage energy conservation .
the clinton [people in charge] has announced plans for taxes to encourage energy conservation .

Waste copper , lead , zinc , cadmium and chromium can now only be imported with approval from the Environmental Protection Administration , whose approval is also required for exports of such items .
waste copper , lead , zinc , cadmium and chromium can now only be imported with approval from the environmental protection [people in charge] , whose approval is also required for exports of such items .

The way has been cleared for renewed logging of old-growth forest in Oregon , after a Bush administration committee voted to override the provisions of the Endangered Species Act on 13 tracts of federal land covering 1,700 acres in the Coos and Douglas counties of western Oregon .
the way has been cleared for renewed logging of old-growth forest in oregon , after a bush [people in charge] committee voted to override the provisions of the endangered species act on 13 tracts of federal land covering 1,700 acres in the coos and douglas counties of western oregon .

The committee 's decision is conditional on the Administration developing a long-term recovery programme for the owl across its full range from northern California to Washington state .
the committee 's decision is conditional on the [people in charge] developing a long-term recovery programme for the owl across its full range from northern california to washington state .

The State Administration for Environmental Protection has made public the names of 3,000 businesses which it says are responsible for the lion 's share of China 's industrial pollution .
the state [people in charge] for environmental protection has made public the names of 3,000 businesses which it says are responsible for the lion 's share of china 's industrial pollution .

The Bush Administration has declared a ban on the import of fish caught with drift-nets , which have been widely blamed for killing dolphins , whales and seabirds .
the bush [people in charge] has declared a ban on the import of fish caught with drift-nets , which have been widely blamed for killing dolphins , whales and seabirds .

The Udege have received no support from the local administration in their efforts to stop the logging plans and have begun a peaceful blockade of areas where Hyundai has started work .
the udege have received no support from the local [people in charge] in their efforts to stop the logging plans and have begun a peaceful blockade of areas where hyundai has started work .

Acts that define the powers of the various state organs ( for example , the 1911 and 1949 Parliament Acts ) and acts that define the relationship between Crown and Parliament ( notably the Bill of Rights of 1689 ) , between the component elements of the nation ( the Act of Union with Scotland of 1706 , for example ) , between the United Kingdom and the European Communities ( the 1972 European Communities Act ) , and between the state and the individual ( as with the Habeas Corpus Act of 1679 or the Administration of Justice Act of 1960 ) clearly constitute important provisions of the Constitution .
acts that define the powers of the various state organs ( for example , the 1911 and 1949 parliament acts ) and acts that define the relationship between crown and parliament ( notably the bill of rights of 1689 ) , between the component elements of the nation ( the act of union with scotland of 1706 , for example ) , between the united kingdom and the european communities ( the 1972 european communities act ) , and between the state and the individual ( as with the habeas corpus act of 1679 or the [people in charge] of justice act of 1960 ) clearly constitute important provisions of the constitution .

( In the event of a party having no overall majority , the monarch summons whoever he or she believed may be able to form an administration ) .
( in the event of a party having no overall majority , the monarch summons whoever he or she believed may be able to form an [people in charge] ) .

" Able-Oboe-Charlie " was the aircrew phonetics used by the early Pathfinders to identify their Commandant , although at the time he was officially a Commander of the Pathfinder Force , with the acting rank of group captain under the control of No 3 Group for day-to-day administration .
" able-oboe-charlie " was the aircrew phonetics used by the early pathfinders to identify their commandant , although at the time he was officially a commander of the pathfinder force , with the acting rank of group captain under the control of no 3 group for day-to-day [people in charge] .

It covers fields such as politics , education , public administration , commerce , industry , defence , law and order , health care , arts , sciences , technology , home and leisure .
it covers fields such as politics , education , public [people in charge] , commerce , industry , defence , law and order , health care , arts , sciences , technology , home and leisure .

In an attempt to establish a national administration in the absence of John Balliol , Scottish nobles and clerics had in 1299 appointed a triumvirate of Guardians : Bishop William Lamberton of St Andrews ; John , the Red Comyn of Badenoch ; and a member of the Comyns ' long-standing rival family , young Robert Bruce of Carrick .
in an attempt to establish a national [people in charge] in the absence of john balliol , scottish nobles and clerics had in 1299 appointed a triumvirate of guardians : bishop william lamberton of st andrews ; john , the red comyn of badenoch ; and a member of the comyns ' long-standing rival family , young robert bruce of carrick .

The panel of jurors was made up of four highly respected individuals : Norman Shannon ( solicitor ) ; Brice Dickson ( Committee on the Administration of Justice ) ; Paul Hunt ( National Council for Civil Liberties ) ; and John Mitchell ( then a senior official of the Irish Distributive and Administrative Trade Union ) .
the panel of jurors was made up of four highly respected individuals : norman shannon ( solicitor ) ; brice dickson ( committee on the [people in charge] of justice ) ; paul hunt ( national council for civil liberties ) ; and john mitchell ( then a senior official of the irish distributive and administrative trade union ) .

The partnership is that the public sector provides funding  on a contracted , targeted basis  but the voluntary group provides the policy , the strategy design , the management skills and administration of the initiative .
the partnership is that the public sector provides funding  on a contracted , targeted basis  but the voluntary group provides the policy , the strategy design , the management skills and [people in charge] of the initiative .

All our reforms of administration might be reforms on the moon for all it has to do with them . ``
all our reforms of [people in charge] might be reforms on the moon for all it has to do with them . ``

He had become involved in the administration of St Anne 's House in Soho , for example ; it had been opened this year as a `` centre of Christian discourse `` , and in the autumn he and Philip Mairet conducted a discussion group , `` Toward the Definition of Culture `` which met once a week until the middle of December .
he had become involved in the [people in charge] of st anne 's house in soho , for example ; it had been opened this year as a `` centre of christian discourse `` , and in the autumn he and philip mairet conducted a discussion group , `` toward the definition of culture `` which met once a week until the middle of december .

The new Kennedy administration had decided to cancel Skybolt .
the new kennedy [people in charge] had decided to cancel skybolt .

Created in 1879 , the Posts and Telegraphs administration was a junior ministry that occupied a central role in the formulation of communications policy in liaison ( and in turf-wars ( with the Interior , Defence , Foreign , and Colonial Affairs Ministries .
created in 1879 , the posts and telegraphs [people in charge] was a junior ministry that occupied a central role in the formulation of communications policy in liaison ( and in turf-wars ( with the interior , defence , foreign , and colonial affairs ministries .

The great events of his administration were the return to the gold standard , the Treaty of Locarno , the General Strike , the Imperial Conference of 1926 which led on to the Statute of Westminster , and the measures originating in the Ministry of Health for the reform of local government and the extension of social security .
the great events of his [people in charge] were the return to the gold standard , the treaty of locarno , the general strike , the imperial conference of 1926 which led on to the statute of westminster , and the measures originating in the ministry of health for the reform of local government and the extension of social security .

What he expected was to see the Labour Government driven into an election either by its own dissensions or by the action of the Liberals , and its consequent replacement by a Conservative administration , obviously with himself at the head .
what he expected was to see the labour government driven into an election either by its own dissensions or by the action of the liberals , and its consequent replacement by a conservative [people in charge] , obviously with himself at the head .

Neville , however , pressed on him the support in the country that he would bring to such an administration and the effect it would have in restoring confidence .
neville , however , pressed on him the support in the country that he would bring to such an [people in charge] and the effect it would have in restoring confidence .

Baldwin and most Conservatives also felt that they needed MacDonald ( and the guise of being a National administration which went with his name ) for electoral reasons .
baldwin and most conservatives also felt that they needed macdonald ( and the guise of being a national [people in charge] which went with his name ) for electoral reasons .

He 's lived with her for six years but can only describe her job vaguely , as  something in administration  .
he 's lived with her for six years but can only describe her job vaguely , as  something in [people in charge]  .

Strikes by Doherty  s National Union of Operative Spinners , and in the coal fields , greatly alarmed Peel , at the Home Office ; and , in what were to be the dying days of the Tory administration , he looked unsuccessfully for a legal answer to what he called  the constitution and acts of a confederacy calculated in its immediate effects to disturb the peace of the manufacturing districts , and capable , if allowed to gain strength and consistency , of being converted at once into an open resistance to the law .
strikes by doherty  s national union of operative spinners , and in the coal fields , greatly alarmed peel , at the home office ; and , in what were to be the dying days of the tory [people in charge] , he looked unsuccessfully for a legal answer to what he called  the constitution and acts of a confederacy calculated in its immediate effects to disturb the peace of the manufacturing districts , and capable , if allowed to gain strength and consistency , of being converted at once into an open resistance to the law .

The irony is that the Act came before Parliament at the instance of the Christian Socialists , whose concern was to promote the industrial co-operative form of organisation ; and the further irony that the legislation was put through Parliament under the Tory administration formed by Lord Derby in that year .
the irony is that the act came before parliament at the instance of the christian socialists , whose concern was to promote the industrial co-operative form of organisation ; and the further irony that the legislation was put through parliament under the tory [people in charge] formed by lord derby in that year .

Lord Russell 's Liberal administration had refused facilities .
lord russell 's liberal [people in charge] had refused facilities .

It is tempting to see the role of the Tory administration , which included Disraeli , as an anticipatory theft of the other Party 's clothes .
it is tempting to see the role of the tory [people in charge] , which included disraeli , as an anticipatory theft of the other party 's clothes .

The Webbs and their fellow Fabians were able to present democratic Socialism as the vehicle of evolutionary and moderate reform and as an extension to national administration of a practice already prevalent at municipal level .
the webbs and their fellow fabians were able to present democratic socialism as the vehicle of evolutionary and moderate reform and as an extension to national [people in charge] of a practice already prevalent at municipal level .

But not , even after another fifteen years or so , culminating in the winter of discontent and in the fall of Mr Callaghan 's administration , experience enough to induce institutions and attitudes to accommodate themselves .
but not , even after another fifteen years or so , culminating in the winter of discontent and in the fall of mr callaghan 's [people in charge] , experience enough to induce institutions and attitudes to accommodate themselves .

The essential elements of the political economic system are : first , that the Government is accountable to an electorate composed of all adult men and women and so liable , if the electorate judges unsatisfactory the account rendered , to be dismissed from office and replaced by another administration ; and secondly , that wages are determined by free collective bargaining in the labour market .
the essential elements of the political economic system are : first , that the government is accountable to an electorate composed of all adult men and women and so liable , if the electorate judges unsatisfactory the account rendered , to be dismissed from office and replaced by another [people in charge] ; and secondly , that wages are determined by free collective bargaining in the labour market .

Portugal could reason by analogy that the conclusion of the Timor Gap Treaty is inconsistent with its rights of administration that have been affirmed by the United Nations in Resolutions to which Australia voted affirmatively .
portugal could reason by analogy that the conclusion of the timor gap treaty is inconsistent with its rights of [people in charge] that have been affirmed by the united nations in resolutions to which australia voted affirmatively .

It accepted that the administration of the Court ( and subsequently the General Assembly ) acting qua organisation , and not qua member States , had made a decision that did not comply with the formal requirements of the Statute of the Permanent Court of International Justice , but held nevertheless that the Court had jurisdiction .
it accepted that the [people in charge] of the court ( and subsequently the general assembly ) acting qua organisation , and not qua member states , had made a decision that did not comply with the formal requirements of the statute of the permanent court of international justice , but held nevertheless that the court had jurisdiction .

It appoints an Executive Chairman who is  responsible to the Council for the administration and operation of the Agreement in accordance with the decisions of the Council .
it appoints an executive chairman who is  responsible to the council for the [people in charge] and operation of the agreement in accordance with the decisions of the council .

This stated objective was often at variance with the reality of the administration of the territory , and it was not clear whether the individuals had any basis for a claim for performance of the treaty in either an international or domestic forum .
this stated objective was often at variance with the reality of the [people in charge] of the territory , and it was not clear whether the individuals had any basis for a claim for performance of the treaty in either an international or domestic forum .

Both had been presidential bodyguards with the Reagan administration but neither of them had ever had to draw his gun in anger .
both had been presidential bodyguards with the reagan [people in charge] but neither of them had ever had to draw his gun in anger .

This was , of course , an extreme statement of the principles of French colonial policy and in practice it was impossible not to export French culture , including political culture , at almost every point at which French administration touched on the life of Vietnam .
this was , of course , an extreme statement of the principles of french colonial policy and in practice it was impossible not to export french culture , including political culture , at almost every point at which french [people in charge] touched on the life of vietnam .

Ever in the presence of a potentially hostile population , the administration must perforce dominate : and the mechanism by which this is accomplished is the regime of decrees .
ever in the presence of a potentially hostile population , the [people in charge] must perforce dominate : and the mechanism by which this is accomplished is the regime of decrees .

Worst of all , the Sret was not averse to operating for  reasons of state  beyond the terms of the law itself and tended to bring the legal and judicial system of the French administration into disrepute as hardly preferable to the arbitrary Chinese system which it had supplanted .
worst of all , the sret was not averse to operating for  reasons of state  beyond the terms of the law itself and tended to bring the legal and judicial system of the french [people in charge] into disrepute as hardly preferable to the arbitrary chinese system which it had supplanted .

Implicitly , it may be argued , this turned them into collaborators with the Japanese ; although the latter , for their part , were content to maintain the superstructure of French administration even if , as events were subsequently to show , the realities of power were theirs .
implicitly , it may be argued , this turned them into collaborators with the japanese ; although the latter , for their part , were content to maintain the superstructure of french [people in charge] even if , as events were subsequently to show , the realities of power were theirs .

Although it was not appreciated at the time when the Japanese swept away the administration , the power and the remaining claims to sovereignty of the French in Indochina , the Second World War in Asia had entered its final six months .
although it was not appreciated at the time when the japanese swept away the [people in charge] , the power and the remaining claims to sovereignty of the french in indochina , the second world war in asia had entered its final six months .

And it was to restore order , as much as anything , that a nominally Vietnamese administration provided at least the faade of an  independent  Vietnamese government .
and it was to restore order , as much as anything , that a nominally vietnamese [people in charge] provided at least the faade of an  independent  vietnamese government .

President Truman 's Democratic Administration existed side by side with a Congress in which there was a Republican majority .
president truman 's democratic [people in charge] existed side by side with a congress in which there was a republican majority .

The Town Clerk wrote the letter of acceptance on 8th June , and a Scheme of Administration drawn up by the Charity Commissioners , now involved because of the change in status of the School , was ratified at Stockport County Court on 20th January 1860 .
the town clerk wrote the letter of acceptance on 8th june , and a scheme of [people in charge] drawn up by the charity commissioners , now involved because of the change in status of the school , was ratified at stockport county court on 20th january 1860 .

Economic difficulties were a more immediate cause of discontent with the Wilson administration .
economic difficulties were a more immediate cause of discontent with the wilson [people in charge] .

The Republican administration of the 1920s also responded to the desire of business for protection against foreign competition .
the republican [people in charge] of the 1920s also responded to the desire of business for protection against foreign competition .

The Hoover administration was unfortunate in having to face an economic crisis of unparalleled severity .
the hoover [people in charge] was unfortunate in having to face an economic crisis of unparalleled severity .

As businessmen proved unable to bring about industrial recovery , Hoover 's administration reluctantly entered the arena .
as businessmen proved unable to bring about industrial recovery , hoover 's [people in charge] reluctantly entered the arena .

For the unemployed and their families struggling on the edge of starvation and of eviction from their homes , the great failure of the Hoover administration was its consistent opposition to the provision of Federal relief .
for the unemployed and their families struggling on the edge of starvation and of eviction from their homes , the great failure of the hoover [people in charge] was its consistent opposition to the provision of federal relief .

The whole incident had been exaggerated with talk of a threat to the institutions of government , and many saw it as a further example of the insensitivity of the Republican administration to the human sufferings of the period .
the whole incident had been exaggerated with talk of a threat to the institutions of government , and many saw it as a further example of the insensitivity of the republican [people in charge] to the human sufferings of the period .

Another major task of the Roosevelt administration was to stimulate the revival of agriculture .
another major task of the roosevelt [people in charge] was to stimulate the revival of agriculture .

Businessmen , who had generally welcomed the initial actions of the administration , now called for a halt .
businessmen , who had generally welcomed the initial actions of the [people in charge] , now called for a halt .

In response to the pressure from the labor unions , the administration decided to support a bill proposed in 1935 by Senator Wagner .
in response to the pressure from the labor unions , the [people in charge] decided to support a bill proposed in 1935 by senator wagner .

( 4 ) Roosevelt 's Second Administration 193741
( 4 ) roosevelt 's second [people in charge] 193741

In face of these political and economic problems , the legislative record of the second administration was necessarily limited .
in face of these political and economic problems , the legislative record of the second [people in charge] was necessarily limited .

Faced with a world war on two fronts , Roosevelt 's administration confirmed the fundamental strategy decided upon earlier in 1941 at an Anglo-American military staff conference .
faced with a world war on two fronts , roosevelt 's [people in charge] confirmed the fundamental strategy decided upon earlier in 1941 at an anglo-american military staff conference .

To mobilize the American economy with such remarkable success , the Roosevelt administration drew on its experience of the New Deal period and created a whole series of new government agencies .
to mobilize the american economy with such remarkable success , the roosevelt [people in charge] drew on its experience of the new deal period and created a whole series of new government agencies .

Attempts to control inflation , through the Office of Price Administration , and to prevent profiteering , through Harry Truman 's special Senate Committee , were not totally successful .
attempts to control inflation , through the office of price [people in charge] , and to prevent profiteering , through harry truman 's special senate committee , were not totally successful .

Both the Senate and the administration seemed powerless to stem the tide of hysteria .
both the senate and the [people in charge] seemed powerless to stem the tide of hysteria .

Now the leading Republican spokesmen on foreign policy , Senator Vandenberg and John Foster Dulles , became openly critical of the administration for being too soft on what they considered to be the threat from Russia .
now the leading republican spokesmen on foreign policy , senator vandenberg and john foster dulles , became openly critical of the [people in charge] for being too soft on what they considered to be the threat from russia .

On each occasion , the Republican administration was forced to stimulate the economy in very much the same way as the Democrats would have done .
on each occasion , the republican [people in charge] was forced to stimulate the economy in very much the same way as the democrats would have done .

Little Rock had forced the Eisenhower administration to act and in the same year , 1957 , the President had put his support behind the first Civil Rights Act passed for over 80 years .
little rock had forced the eisenhower [people in charge] to act and in the same year , 1957 , the president had put his support behind the first civil rights act passed for over 80 years .

The administration had instead settled for a policy of `` holding the line `` , which basically meant the continuation of containment .
the [people in charge] had instead settled for a policy of `` holding the line `` , which basically meant the continuation of containment .

The new administration moved with surprising caution in such areas as civil rights and social reform .
the new [people in charge] moved with surprising caution in such areas as civil rights and social reform .

The cautious approach of the Kennedy administration to controversial problems was most clearly revealed in its attitude to civil rights .
the cautious approach of the kennedy [people in charge] to controversial problems was most clearly revealed in its attitude to civil rights .

Kennedy regarded foreign policy as the key area for his new administration .
kennedy regarded foreign policy as the key area for his new [people in charge] .

One area where the Kennedy administration had started out with great hopes was the Third World .
one area where the kennedy [people in charge] had started out with great hopes was the third world .

Altogether the Johnson Administration claimed to have seen 226 out of 252 pieces of major legislation through Congress in its four years .
altogether the johnson [people in charge] claimed to have seen 226 out of 252 pieces of major legislation through congress in its four years .

Most Americans shared the view of the administration , and in the election campaign of 1964 Johnson deliberately played down the issue of Vietnam , anxious to contrast his moderation with the sabre-rattling of his opponent Barry Goldwater .
most americans shared the view of the [people in charge] , and in the election campaign of 1964 johnson deliberately played down the issue of vietnam , anxious to contrast his moderation with the sabre-rattling of his opponent barry goldwater .

Not until the beginning of his second administration in 1973 was Nixon able to announce the end of the Vietnam War .
not until the beginning of his second [people in charge] in 1973 was nixon able to announce the end of the vietnam war .

As the 1972 election drew near , the Nixon administration could point to some genuine success in calming the passions of the Johnson years .
as the 1972 election drew near , the nixon [people in charge] could point to some genuine success in calming the passions of the johnson years .

Along with the central issue of the Watergate scandal  the cover-up  and the involvement of the President and the White House , a series of other revelations showed the Nixon administration in a most unsavoury light .
along with the central issue of the watergate scandal  the cover-up  and the involvement of the president and the white house , a series of other revelations showed the nixon [people in charge] in a most unsavoury light .

( 2 ) The Carter Administration at Home and Abroad ( 197781 )
( 2 ) the carter [people in charge] at home and abroad ( 197781 )

In foreign policy the Carter administration had a mixed record .
in foreign policy the carter [people in charge] had a mixed record .

But the last two years of the Carter administration were dominated by events in Iran and Afghanistan .
but the last two years of the carter [people in charge] were dominated by events in iran and afghanistan .

Many observers also underestimated the strength of disillusionment with Carter 's record : his administration appeared formless and accident-prone , and the President himself a man who know how to gain power but how to use it .
many observers also underestimated the strength of disillusionment with carter 's record : his [people in charge] appeared formless and accident-prone , and the president himself a man who know how to gain power but how to use it .

The 1985 Committee of the National Conference of Professors of Educational Administration , for instance , took the best advice they could find from a wide variety of sources to produce the prophecies in Educational futurism 1985 , published in Berkeley , California , in 1971 .
the 1985 committee of the national conference of professors of educational [people in charge] , for instance , took the best advice they could find from a wide variety of sources to produce the prophecies in educational futurism 1985 , published in berkeley , california , in 1971 .

The earlier the administration of thrombolytic therapy the greater the frequency of early reperfusion and the greatest potential for the salvage of myocardium .
the earlier the [people in charge] of thrombolytic therapy the greater the frequency of early reperfusion and the greatest potential for the salvage of myocardium .

The median time from the first thrombolytic agent to the administration of rt-PA ( as second dose thrombolytic agent ) was 6.5 days ( range 10 hours to 218 days ) .
the median time from the first thrombolytic agent to the [people in charge] of rt-pa ( as second dose thrombolytic agent ) was 6.5 days ( range 10 hours to 218 days ) .

Pre-hospital administration of thrombolytic therapy in the proper hands is feasible and safe .
pre-hospital [people in charge] of thrombolytic therapy in the proper hands is feasible and safe .

There are circumstances in which the incorrect diagnosis and inappropriate administration of a thrombolytic would be disastrous ; for example , acute pericarditis .
there are circumstances in which the incorrect diagnosis and inappropriate [people in charge] of a thrombolytic would be disastrous ; for example , acute pericarditis .

The individual must look down that list and check that there are no other complicating features that the patient might have before administration of the drug .
the individual must look down that list and check that there are no other complicating features that the patient might have before [people in charge] of the drug .

While he believes in and requires effective administration , he leaves it to the experts , to the people who have a flair for making things happen through systems and computers , and paperwork .
while he believes in and requires effective [people in charge] , he leaves it to the experts , to the people who have a flair for making things happen through systems and computers , and paperwork .

That 's administration .
that 's [people in charge] .

Administration is despatching Gary Gibson and his gang of three to the Golden Gables site while Tim O'Reilly 's team go to the Trinidad Complex .
[people in charge] is despatching gary gibson and his gang of three to the golden gables site while tim o'reilly 's team go to the trinidad complex .

Administration is ensuring that Gary and Tim get back-up supplies , are advised of scheduling changes and get paid on time .
[people in charge] is ensuring that gary and tim get back-up supplies , are advised of scheduling changes and get paid on time .

Carefully examine your work-load and identify and question all elements of administration .
carefully examine your work-load and identify and question all elements of [people in charge] .

Can you eliminate some of the administration  or pass it on to the administrators  thereby releasing your time for more profitable activities ?
can you eliminate some of the [people in charge]  or pass it on to the administrators  thereby releasing your time for more profitable activities ?

Do you really need to get involved in the administration of payroll changes , budget procedures , cheque authorizations and production schedules ?
do you really need to get involved in the [people in charge] of payroll changes , budget procedures , cheque authorizations and production schedules ?

Cut out some administration today and put more time into leading your people to an even more profitable contribution .
cut out some [people in charge] today and put more time into leading your people to an even more profitable contribution .

In the political world there were issues that Unionists could always exploit against a Liberal government such as defence policy and the administration of the Empire .
in the political world there were issues that unionists could always exploit against a liberal government such as defence policy and the [people in charge] of the empire .

Boraston was thus directly involved in administration , and Central Office looked after the organization of recruiting meetings ; the Liberal offices dealt with literature for recruitment and Malcolm Fraser was transferred to Abingdon Street to help with the management of the press .
boraston was thus directly involved in [people in charge] , and central office looked after the organization of recruiting meetings ; the liberal offices dealt with literature for recruitment and malcolm fraser was transferred to abingdon street to help with the management of the press .

The actual administration of the National Union was separated from Central Office in 1921 , and it appointed its own secretary thereafter ; it was a change of no great importance , for the National Union continued to work from Central Office and the Principal Agent continued to be Honorary Secretary , but it was a minor declaration of independence .
the actual [people in charge] of the national union was separated from central office in 1921 , and it appointed its own secretary thereafter ; it was a change of no great importance , for the national union continued to work from central office and the principal agent continued to be honorary secretary , but it was a minor declaration of independence .

Thus , the period between 1880 and 1920 was marked by a sequence of strategies to combine under the loose banner of `` efficiency `` traditions of aristocratic cultural mystique with utilitarian programmes of industrial and social administration .
thus , the period between 1880 and 1920 was marked by a sequence of strategies to combine under the loose banner of `` efficiency `` traditions of aristocratic cultural mystique with utilitarian programmes of industrial and social [people in charge] .

The advancement of the newly invented discipline of English must thus be examined in the context of a growth in the number of semi-autonomous professions in fields like public administration and welfare , journalism , publicity , and the arts , and of the establishment of national cultural institutions geared to providing a schedule for organizing the nation .
the advancement of the newly invented discipline of english must thus be examined in the context of a growth in the number of semi-autonomous professions in fields like public [people in charge] and welfare , journalism , publicity , and the arts , and of the establishment of national cultural institutions geared to providing a schedule for organizing the nation .

The period saw transformations ( mooted from the 1850s ) of modes of professional academic Organization and administration , teaching , research , and publication .
the period saw transformations ( mooted from the 1850s ) of modes of professional academic organization and [people in charge] , teaching , research , and publication .

The settlement connects with other forms of extension in that it did have an educational aim , but , like Oxford House ( another settlement or `` mission `` set up in the East End in 1884 ) , it usefully illustrates new initiatives for the renewal of forms of leadership and patterns for social administration upon which the elevation of English largely depended , Barnett saw Toynbee Hall as the potential centre for an east London university ; in fact it became , as did the other settlements and extension classes , a centre for members of the middle class .
the settlement connects with other forms of extension in that it did have an educational aim , but , like oxford house ( another settlement or `` mission `` set up in the east end in 1884 ) , it usefully illustrates new initiatives for the renewal of forms of leadership and patterns for social [people in charge] upon which the elevation of english largely depended , barnett saw toynbee hall as the potential centre for an east london university ; in fact it became , as did the other settlements and extension classes , a centre for members of the middle class .

It also at various times gathered into its ambit important figures within general educational administration ( for example , Haddow , Sadler , Barker , Curzon , Mans bridge , and a host of college Heads , Registrars Provosts , and Vice Chancellors ) .
it also at various times gathered into its ambit important figures within general educational [people in charge] ( for example , haddow , sadler , barker , curzon , mans bridge , and a host of college heads , registrars provosts , and vice chancellors ) .

This required the active incorporation of the mass of the population to serve the nation , at the expense of many lives , and it was a process which necessarily involved cultural as well as military and civilian social administration to an extent which survived the ending of the war .
this required the active incorporation of the mass of the population to serve the nation , at the expense of many lives , and it was a process which necessarily involved cultural as well as military and civilian social [people in charge] to an extent which survived the ending of the war .

Their own educational socialization primarily through classics could not adequately have equipped them for the task of the `` total `` administration of a national culture .
their own educational socialization primarily through classics could not adequately have equipped them for the task of the `` total `` [people in charge] of a national culture .

In some sense this mental exploration can be seen as coextensive with the work of the other " social explorers " who , continuing a tradition from Victorian times sought to investigate the " dark continent " or " jungles " of working-class life . By the time of the Report such social exploration and documentation had become firmly linked to public policy and administration , especially in terms of a " structure of feeling " which Raymond Williams has identified as " social conscience "
in some sense this mental exploration can be seen as coextensive with the work of the other " social explorers " who , continuing a tradition from victorian times sought to investigate the " dark continent " or " jungles " of working-class life . by the time of the report such social exploration and documentation had become firmly linked to public policy and [people in charge] , especially in terms of a " structure of feeling " which raymond williams has identified as " social conscience "

During the inter-war period , the quasi-autonomous model of administration ( the quango ) was not yet geared to any effective imposition of a programme of this kind upon the universities , or the schools of English within them .
during the inter-war period , the quasi-autonomous model of [people in charge] ( the quango ) was not yet geared to any effective imposition of a programme of this kind upon the universities , or the schools of english within them .

As a fully-masculinized professional field , the study of English increasingly came to be organized according to hierarchical administration , specialization , and approved modes of scholarship .
as a fully-masculinized professional field , the study of english increasingly came to be organized according to hierarchical [people in charge] , specialization , and approved modes of scholarship .

The Vice-Chairman was unable to fill the vacant position so an interim administration was formed to take us to the next assembly .
the vice-chairman was unable to fill the vacant position so an interim [people in charge] was formed to take us to the next assembly .

It is impossible to list all these since some of the smaller tribes were later absorbed into the civitates organized when the provincial administration was established .
it is impossible to list all these since some of the smaller tribes were later absorbed into the civitates organized when the provincial [people in charge] was established .

The administration of justice by such bodies is a public function even when all the parties to the action are non-governmental .
the [people in charge] of justice by such bodies is a public function even when all the parties to the action are non-governmental .

The institutions of government are traditionally divided into three : the legislature , the executive ( or  the administration  ) and the judiciary .
the institutions of government are traditionally divided into three : the legislature , the executive ( or  the [people in charge]  ) and the judiciary .

Administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .
[people in charge] is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .

On the other hand , it has been recognized that such concessions can , if applied fairly and without discrimination , aid the efficient administration of the tax system .
on the other hand , it has been recognized that such concessions can , if applied fairly and without discrimination , aid the efficient [people in charge] of the tax system .

For example , over  150 million was paid out to investors in the failed Barlow Clowes investment group after an adverse report by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration on the role of the Department of Trade in the affair .
for example , over  150 million was paid out to investors in the failed barlow clowes investment group after an adverse report by the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] on the role of the department of trade in the affair .

The administration of non-statutory , ex gratia compensation schemes may be subject to judicial review .
the [people in charge] of non-statutory , ex gratia compensation schemes may be subject to judicial review .

It can be argued that such schemes should be embodied in statutes so as to put their administration and the principles of compensation on a firm legal footing .
it can be argued that such schemes should be embodied in statutes so as to put their [people in charge] and the principles of compensation on a firm legal footing .

While the city administration of New York Mayor David Dinkins has viewed museums and performing arts funding as an opportunity to promote cultural diversity , the city 's government has largely ignored the arts as a sector for economic development .
while the city [people in charge] of new york mayor david dinkins has viewed museums and performing arts funding as an opportunity to promote cultural diversity , the city 's government has largely ignored the arts as a sector for economic development .

Cuts to that budget when the Dinkins administration took power forced the Met to impose a hiring freeze and close some galleries .
cuts to that budget when the dinkins [people in charge] took power forced the met to impose a hiring freeze and close some galleries .

The administration would remain united , at least for the present , with Nick Serota as director for both .
the [people in charge] would remain united , at least for the present , with nick serota as director for both .

The officials of the Institute have been heavily criticised by the administration of Sarajevo for not having stored the contents , which included numerous oriental manuscripts and material on microfilm , much of it unresearched .
the officials of the institute have been heavily criticised by the [people in charge] of sarajevo for not having stored the contents , which included numerous oriental manuscripts and material on microfilm , much of it unresearched .

Dr Jopek , forty-one , completed his doctorate on German fifteenth-century alabasters in 1984 , and has worked at the Museum fr Kunst und Gewerbe in Hamburg and for the episcopal administration and Amt fr Denkmalpflege ( protection of monuments ) in Trier .
dr jopek , forty-one , completed his doctorate on german fifteenth-century alabasters in 1984 , and has worked at the museum fr kunst und gewerbe in hamburg and for the episcopal [people in charge] and amt fr denkmalpflege ( protection of monuments ) in trier .

When a newspaper is ready for printing , a photocopy of each page is sent to the Ministry of Territorial Administration in Yaound .
when a newspaper is ready for printing , a photocopy of each page is sent to the ministry of territorial [people in charge] in yaound .

 Each official makes notes on the articles and a resume of comments is then sent to the Minister for Territorial Administration .
 each official makes notes on the articles and a resume of comments is then sent to the minister for territorial [people in charge] .

The Managing Editor will be responsible for accounts , budgets and funding of the magazine , including administration , advertising , marketing and distribution .
the managing editor will be responsible for accounts , budgets and funding of the magazine , including [people in charge] , advertising , marketing and distribution .

Applicants must be qualified and experienced in accountancy and office administration .
applicants must be qualified and experienced in accountancy and office [people in charge] .

Their administration has been intensively studied and seen as part of what John Le Patourel called the  converging and ultimately clashing development of the government of [ the Angevin Empire ] , or what was left of it  and the development of royal government in the kingdom of France .
their [people in charge] has been intensively studied and seen as part of what john le patourel called the  converging and ultimately clashing development of the government of [ the angevin empire ] , or what was left of it  and the development of royal government in the kingdom of france .

But the duchy also required government and administration during the absences of its ruler .
but the duchy also required government and [people in charge] during the absences of its ruler .

Since his administration there had to function without his presence , it was crucial to its development that competent seneschals should be appointed to represent him .
since his [people in charge] there had to function without his presence , it was crucial to its development that competent seneschals should be appointed to represent him .

The shadow of the 1259 treaty inevitably fell over the history of the Plantagenet administration of the duchy of Aquitaine in the later thirteenth century .
the shadow of the 1259 treaty inevitably fell over the history of the plantagenet [people in charge] of the duchy of aquitaine in the later thirteenth century .

The administration of Ponthieu bore some superficial resemblances to that of Aquitaine .
the [people in charge] of ponthieu bore some superficial resemblances to that of aquitaine .

It was a normal practice in the period 12591340 for the higher offices in the administration of Aquitaine to be held by Englishmen , or at least non-Gascons .
it was a normal practice in the period 12591340 for the higher offices in the [people in charge] of aquitaine to be held by englishmen , or at least non-gascons .

But the day-to-day administration of the south-western French possessions of the English crown was in the hands of knightly-seneschals or lawyer-seneschals , aided and abetted by a Gascon council , by their own lieutenants , and ( after 1279 ) by sub-seneschals in the major subdivisions of the duchy .
but the day-to-day [people in charge] of the south-western french possessions of the english crown was in the hands of knightly-seneschals or lawyer-seneschals , aided and abetted by a gascon council , by their own lieutenants , and ( after 1279 ) by sub-seneschals in the major subdivisions of the duchy .

Apart from that somewhat exceptional period , in which members of these magnates ' entourages were rewarded with Gascon pos-itions , the great majority of local offices in the administration were tena-ciously held by the Gascon nobility .
apart from that somewhat exceptional period , in which members of these magnates ' entourages were rewarded with gascon pos-itions , the great majority of local offices in the [people in charge] were tena-ciously held by the gascon nobility .

Disparities between areas of customary law could , however , be exploited by the ducal administration in Aquitaine during lawsuits .
disparities between areas of customary law could , however , be exploited by the ducal [people in charge] in aquitaine during lawsuits .

Between 1290 and the outbreak of the Anglo-French war of St Sardos in 1324 , a growing hostility between the house of Foix-Barn and the Plantagenet administration in Aquitaine may be detected .
between 1290 and the outbreak of the anglo-french war of st sardos in 1324 , a growing hostility between the house of foix-barn and the plantagenet [people in charge] in aquitaine may be detected .

The heroic social-realist work was commissioned by the Works Progress Administration , a federal programme which hired unemployed artists in the 1930s .
the heroic social-realist work was commissioned by the works progress [people in charge] , a federal programme which hired unemployed artists in the 1930s .

[ In 1931 Andrew Mellon was accused by Congressman Louis McFadden of cheating on his 1931 income tax return and in March 1934 the Roosevelt administration duly announced that it would seek criminal tax evasion charges for $ 1.3 million .
[ in 1931 andrew mellon was accused by congressman louis mcfadden of cheating on his 1931 income tax return and in march 1934 the roosevelt [people in charge] duly announced that it would seek criminal tax evasion charges for $ 1.3 million .

The case was subsequently dismissed but a rumour arose that Andrew Mellon had done a deal with Roosevelt , offering to build a gallery and give his collection to the nation if the administration would stop hounding him . ]
the case was subsequently dismissed but a rumour arose that andrew mellon had done a deal with roosevelt , offering to build a gallery and give his collection to the nation if the [people in charge] would stop hounding him . ]

In the political skirmishes over scant resources in which long-term strategies and confidence in the administration are essential , such clichs as  Small is beautiful  are not helpful .
in the political skirmishes over scant resources in which long-term strategies and confidence in the [people in charge] are essential , such clichs as  small is beautiful  are not helpful .

The Huyghes ' administration of the museum , which had an average of only fifteen to twenty visitors a day , has been widely criticised as dusty , to say the least , the heavy-handedness and the sheer malice of the campaign against them may be due to clan warfare within the Institut de France and may also have political roots Jean-Paul Scarpitta , for example , was a personal friend of Prsident Mitterrand 's wife Danile .
the huyghes ' [people in charge] of the museum , which had an average of only fifteen to twenty visitors a day , has been widely criticised as dusty , to say the least , the heavy-handedness and the sheer malice of the campaign against them may be due to clan warfare within the institut de france and may also have political roots jean-paul scarpitta , for example , was a personal friend of prsident mitterrand 's wife danile .

Representatives of the Artists Rights Society , Volunteer Lawyers for the Arts , and New York Artists Equity , agreed that resale rights were important creative incentives and suggested that visual artists ' royalties be administered in a manner similar to the administration of royalties for musicians , composers and writers .
representatives of the artists rights society , volunteer lawyers for the arts , and new york artists equity , agreed that resale rights were important creative incentives and suggested that visual artists ' royalties be administered in a manner similar to the [people in charge] of royalties for musicians , composers and writers .

Some of this lower deviance in women may be an artifact of the definition or administration of the law .
some of this lower deviance in women may be an artifact of the definition or [people in charge] of the law .

Nearly all college teachers also have a contractual obligation to research and to publish ; to carry their share of departmental and/or college administration ; to serve on college committees and other policy-making or advisory bodies ; to set and to mark college examinations ; to be available to help students whenever possible ; and so on .
nearly all college teachers also have a contractual obligation to research and to publish ; to carry their share of departmental and/or college [people in charge] ; to serve on college committees and other policy-making or advisory bodies ; to set and to mark college examinations ; to be available to help students whenever possible ; and so on .

At other , more unified institutions , both universities and polytechnics , the dean will be the person with overall responsibility for administration within a particular faculty ( e.g .
at other , more unified institutions , both universities and polytechnics , the dean will be the person with overall responsibility for [people in charge] within a particular faculty ( e.g .

At the same time the duchy administration had provided new recruits for Edward 's service .
at the same time the duchy [people in charge] had provided new recruits for edward 's service .

But such cases were not , as the council claimed , the result of slack administration by the chief steward .
but such cases were not , as the council claimed , the result of slack [people in charge] by the chief steward .

Dudley also proved more willing to appoint ducal servants to offices in his gift and to employ them in his own administration .
dudley also proved more willing to appoint ducal servants to offices in his gift and to employ them in his own [people in charge] .

The major change in the central administration was the removal of Rotherham as chancellor .
the major change in the central [people in charge] was the removal of rotherham as chancellor .

They saw municipal ownership and its efficient management as a means of improving public services and as a first step towards public ownership of the entire economy , and improved administration to prevent or cure social ills .
they saw municipal ownership and its efficient management as a means of improving public services and as a first step towards public ownership of the entire economy , and improved [people in charge] to prevent or cure social ills .

This was perhaps partly due to distaste for all things Germanic but more to the greater strength of indigenous theories and to the much greater influence upon policy and administration of medical men , already strongly committed to the belief that the cleansing and improvement of the environment could substantially improve the condition and habits of the poor .
this was perhaps partly due to distaste for all things germanic but more to the greater strength of indigenous theories and to the much greater influence upon policy and [people in charge] of medical men , already strongly committed to the belief that the cleansing and improvement of the environment could substantially improve the condition and habits of the poor .

It was half-heartedly applied in many districts and this was effectively sanctioned by the obvious lack of government enthusiasm ; it suffered from cumbersome and inexpert administration worsened by a shortage of full-time paid officials ; from reliance on uncertain voluntary funding and , above all , from its central assumption that work could by these means be provided for those in need .
it was half-heartedly applied in many districts and this was effectively sanctioned by the obvious lack of government enthusiasm ; it suffered from cumbersome and inexpert [people in charge] worsened by a shortage of full-time paid officials ; from reliance on uncertain voluntary funding and , above all , from its central assumption that work could by these means be provided for those in need .

In 1911 it required that one-third of all boarding-out committees should consist of women , for their assumed superior sensitivity to children 's needs , and that relieving officers should no longer supervise boarded-out children , thus removing such children from direct stigmatizing contact with the official administration of the Poor Law .
in 1911 it required that one-third of all boarding-out committees should consist of women , for their assumed superior sensitivity to children 's needs , and that relieving officers should no longer supervise boarded-out children , thus removing such children from direct stigmatizing contact with the official [people in charge] of the poor law .

The day-to-day administration of the scheme which emerged  the collection of contributions and payment of benefits  was placed in the hands of organizations already experienced in such work : Friendly Societies , trade unions and certain commercial insurance companies .
the day-to-day [people in charge] of the scheme which emerged  the collection of contributions and payment of benefits  was placed in the hands of organizations already experienced in such work : friendly societies , trade unions and certain commercial insurance companies .

This placated their fears that national insurance would replace and destroy them and provided a ready-made and cheap machinery of administration .
this placated their fears that national insurance would replace and destroy them and provided a ready-made and cheap machinery of [people in charge] .

The administration was placed under the general supervision of a central National Insurance Commission , established in 1912 under the control of Robert Morant .
the [people in charge] was placed under the general supervision of a central national insurance commission , established in 1912 under the control of robert morant .

She felt , rightly , that the majority would never share her belief in the efficacy of the expert and of efficient administration .
she felt , rightly , that the majority would never share her belief in the efficacy of the expert and of efficient [people in charge] .

However , if the item in question was sent overseas then please wait at least one month before sending in the claim form to allow sufficient time for delivery , but do try to submit it within four months from the date of despatch , otherwise the Foreign Administration may no longer have a record of delivery .
however , if the item in question was sent overseas then please wait at least one month before sending in the claim form to allow sufficient time for delivery , but do try to submit it within four months from the date of despatch , otherwise the foreign [people in charge] may no longer have a record of delivery .

All your payments are automatically taken care of for you , cutting your administration time and costs .
all your payments are automatically taken care of for you , cutting your [people in charge] time and costs .

Before we proceed to the changes brought about in this system by the Yorkist and Tudor sovereigns , certain general observations must be made about medieval administration .
before we proceed to the changes brought about in this system by the yorkist and tudor sovereigns , certain general observations must be made about medieval [people in charge] .

The creation of the Privy Council has already been discussed ; and it now remains to consider the changes in the Secretaryship of State , military and naval administration , finance , and the royal household .
the creation of the privy council has already been discussed ; and it now remains to consider the changes in the secretaryship of state , military and naval [people in charge] , finance , and the royal household .

In the sixteenth century they sought posts in estate administration , which brought a small fee to their holders but were probably more important as signs of royal favour and sources of patronage .
in the sixteenth century they sought posts in estate [people in charge] , which brought a small fee to their holders but were probably more important as signs of royal favour and sources of patronage .

Although the offices in the royal administration ranged into fields that today seem inappropriate for the bureaucrat , they were in other ways much more constricted .
although the offices in the royal [people in charge] ranged into fields that today seem inappropriate for the bureaucrat , they were in other ways much more constricted .

This covers both administration and transfer costs , and is not refundable .
this covers both [people in charge] and transfer costs , and is not refundable .

You can also prebook your last night 's accommodation if you wish , but there will be a small administration fee .
you can also prebook your last night 's accommodation if you wish , but there will be a small [people in charge] fee .

The Training and Employment Agency , which began operation on 2 April 1990 , is the body responsible for the administration and delivery of all Government training programmes in Northern Ireland .
the training and employment agency , which began operation on 2 april 1990 , is the body responsible for the [people in charge] and delivery of all government training programmes in northern ireland .

The units progress onto vital signs and physical assessment , basic nursing skills , nutrition , medication and administration , the surgical patient , therapeutic management of adult health disorders , cancer and Aids .
the units progress onto vital signs and physical assessment , basic nursing skills , nutrition , medication and [people in charge] , the surgical patient , therapeutic management of adult health disorders , cancer and aids .

Forth Valley Health Board has a major outbreak plan which offers staff guidance on how to recognise and report outbreaks of infection ( especially enteric illness ) and outlines the lines of communication and administration required .
forth valley health board has a major outbreak plan which offers staff guidance on how to recognise and report outbreaks of infection ( especially enteric illness ) and outlines the lines of communication and [people in charge] required .

 Action cards  , outlining individual staff members ' responsibilities are kept in an easily accessible place in the central nursing administration office .
 action cards  , outlining individual staff members ' responsibilities are kept in an easily accessible place in the central nursing [people in charge] office .

Much debate has centred on the optimum method of administration of high does of interleukin-2 .
much debate has centred on the optimum method of [people in charge] of high does of interleukin-2 .

Establishing a protocol for the administration of analgesic drugs can enable safe and effective pain relief without attendant side-effects .
establishing a protocol for the [people in charge] of analgesic drugs can enable safe and effective pain relief without attendant side-effects .

If possible , regular rather than prn prescriptions are recommended for all pain relief , as the latter can lead to inadequate administration .
if possible , regular rather than prn prescriptions are recommended for all pain relief , as the latter can lead to inadequate [people in charge] .

The protocol outlines how the risk of respiratory depression and hypotension associated with the administration of fentanyl , morphine or codeine phosphate can be minimised .
the protocol outlines how the risk of respiratory depression and hypotension associated with the [people in charge] of fentanyl , morphine or codeine phosphate can be minimised .

Methods of administration
methods of [people in charge]

Weaning from bolus doses is achieved by decreasing the dose of morphine , not the frequency of administration , over 2 days or longer .
weaning from bolus doses is achieved by decreasing the dose of morphine , not the frequency of [people in charge] , over 2 days or longer .

Neurological signs such as jitteriness or abnormal movements , especially if morphine administration is stopped suddenly .
neurological signs such as jitteriness or abnormal movements , especially if morphine [people in charge] is stopped suddenly .

Methods of administration
methods of [people in charge]

Methods of administration
methods of [people in charge]

Method of administration
method of [people in charge]

Method of administration
method of [people in charge]

The Bakufu administration that went with it was located in Edo ( now Tokyo ) , the traditional seat of the Tokugawa family , and served de facto as the government of Japan .
the bakufu [people in charge] that went with it was located in edo ( now tokyo ) , the traditional seat of the tokugawa family , and served de facto as the government of japan .

While the Bakufu administration had for several decades been subject to criticisms from within its own ranks , a more serious threat to its supremacy emerged from within domains traditionally hostile to it .
while the bakufu [people in charge] had for several decades been subject to criticisms from within its own ranks , a more serious threat to its supremacy emerged from within domains traditionally hostile to it .

Many of the demands related to Japanese control of substantial areas of Chinese territory ; the fifth and final section included demands for the installation of Japanese  advisers  at all levels of the administration , armed forces and police .
many of the demands related to japanese control of substantial areas of chinese territory ; the fifth and final section included demands for the installation of japanese  advisers  at all levels of the [people in charge] , armed forces and police .

Much of this capital found its way directly into the non-agricultural sphere , funding administration , the provision of armed forces , the building of a national infrastructure and production capacity .
much of this capital found its way directly into the non-agricultural sphere , funding [people in charge] , the provision of armed forces , the building of a national infrastructure and production capacity .

Osaka maintained its importance as a financial , commercial and industrial centre , but despite a population of over 1.5 million in 1920 was still dwarfed by Tokyo , which was not only the locus of a highly centralized national administration but attracted financial , commercial , industrial , educational and cultural activities as well .
osaka maintained its importance as a financial , commercial and industrial centre , but despite a population of over 1.5 million in 1920 was still dwarfed by tokyo , which was not only the locus of a highly centralized national [people in charge] but attracted financial , commercial , industrial , educational and cultural activities as well .

The day-to-day administration is the task of the secretariat of the stock exchange .
the day-to-day [people in charge] is the task of the secretariat of the stock exchange .

You will have to pay interest on any money you borrow and usually administration fees will be charged .
you will have to pay interest on any money you borrow and usually [people in charge] fees will be charged .

You will pay interest charges on any money that is overdrawn ( which may be higher if the overdraft has not been formally arranged ) and usually the bank will charge fees to cover administration costs .
you will pay interest charges on any money that is overdrawn ( which may be higher if the overdraft has not been formally arranged ) and usually the bank will charge fees to cover [people in charge] costs .

Cash Centres offer a convenient , quality service including greater security , reduced cash handling costs , and simplified administration through improved value dating and reconciliation .
cash centres offer a convenient , quality service including greater security , reduced cash handling costs , and simplified [people in charge] through improved value dating and reconciliation .

At the same time , considerable savings can be made in internal costs through reducing the amount of time spent on administration , paper handling and bank reconciliation .
at the same time , considerable savings can be made in internal costs through reducing the amount of time spent on [people in charge] , paper handling and bank reconciliation .

For many businesses the administration of employees ' expense accounts can be an unwanted headache , both in terms of time spent and cost .
for many businesses the [people in charge] of employees ' expense accounts can be an unwanted headache , both in terms of time spent and cost .

If you overdraw your account without telling us , or if you exceed your CheckOver limit , there will be a 10 administration fee to pay for that quarter , for the additional work involved .
if you overdraw your account without telling us , or if you exceed your checkover limit , there will be a 10 [people in charge] fee to pay for that quarter , for the additional work involved .

Between 1948 and 1991 Parliament passed eight substantive Criminal Justice Acts for England and Wales , one Criminal Law Act which was close enough in content to the specifically criminal justice legislation to be similarly classified , four Scottish Criminal Justice Acts , and several acts dealing with criminal justice administration , international co-operation and minor matters requiring legislation .
between 1948 and 1991 parliament passed eight substantive criminal justice acts for england and wales , one criminal law act which was close enough in content to the specifically criminal justice legislation to be similarly classified , four scottish criminal justice acts , and several acts dealing with criminal justice [people in charge] , international co-operation and minor matters requiring legislation .

The result of this legislative output has been the creation of a statutory framework for the administration of criminal justice and the sentencing and treatment of offenders .
the result of this legislative output has been the creation of a statutory framework for the [people in charge] of criminal justice and the sentencing and treatment of offenders .

While not necessarily dealing with the most important , nor the most contentious , matters , the criminal justice legislation , by virtue of its comprehensiveness and regularity , suggests more of a systematic approach to keeping in good repair the administration of justice and the working of the penal system than can be substantiated by events .
while not necessarily dealing with the most important , nor the most contentious , matters , the criminal justice legislation , by virtue of its comprehensiveness and regularity , suggests more of a systematic approach to keeping in good repair the [people in charge] of justice and the working of the penal system than can be substantiated by events .

As in the Commons , the scrutiny is provided by a relatively small number of peers , lacking in elective legitimacy , but justifying their Parliamentary role by bringing to bear special knowledge of criminal policy or the administration of justice .
as in the commons , the scrutiny is provided by a relatively small number of peers , lacking in elective legitimacy , but justifying their parliamentary role by bringing to bear special knowledge of criminal policy or the [people in charge] of justice .

Their work is supplemented by that of specialized bodies representing the interests of people such as the victims of crime and those professionally engaged in the administration of justice .
their work is supplemented by that of specialized bodies representing the interests of people such as the victims of crime and those professionally engaged in the [people in charge] of justice .

overseeing the administration , financing and efficiency of the police and probation service , with varying powers of central control in respect of each service ;
overseeing the [people in charge] , financing and efficiency of the police and probation service , with varying powers of central control in respect of each service ;

the provision and administration of prisons and young offender institutions ;
the provision and [people in charge] of prisons and young offender institutions ;

In the interests of sound administration , it is claimed , all of the financial , practical and other consequences of a course of action must be properly worked out .
in the interests of sound [people in charge] , it is claimed , all of the financial , practical and other consequences of a course of action must be properly worked out .

The chapters of this book recount the way in which Home Secretaries from both of the main parties handled their assignments between 194779 and , in more detail , during the long period of Conservative Administration between 197992 .
the chapters of this book recount the way in which home secretaries from both of the main parties handled their assignments between 194779 and , in more detail , during the long period of conservative [people in charge] between 197992 .

In the administration of criminal justice the principle of independence from the wishes of government is of supreme importance .
in the [people in charge] of criminal justice the principle of independence from the wishes of government is of supreme importance .

The latter has led to serious distortions in the administration of justice which are argued at some length in Chapters 7 and 9 .
the latter has led to serious distortions in the [people in charge] of justice which are argued at some length in chapters 7 and 9 .

It would have included responsibility for the finance , organization and administration of the Magistrates ' courts , and for criminal legal aid .
it would have included responsibility for the finance , organization and [people in charge] of the magistrates ' courts , and for criminal legal aid .

The committee declined to accept the view put to them by the Joint Permanent Secretary to the Treasury that tribunals ought to be regarded as part of the machinery of public administration for which the Government should retain a close and continuing responsibility .
the committee declined to accept the view put to them by the joint permanent secretary to the treasury that tribunals ought to be regarded as part of the machinery of public [people in charge] for which the government should retain a close and continuing responsibility .

In the Administration formed by John Major after the General Election in April 1992 , a solicitor , John Taylor , was appointed as the first Parliamentary Secretary to the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
in the [people in charge] formed by john major after the general election in april 1992 , a solicitor , john taylor , was appointed as the first parliamentary secretary to the lord chancellor 's department .

The Department falls within the purview of the Select Committee system in the Commons and also of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration .
the department falls within the purview of the select committee system in the commons and also of the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] .

National legal administration called for regional delegation .
national legal [people in charge] called for regional delegation .

The successive re-organizations have brought the Lord Chancellor 's Department , with a total staff of close on 12,000 , and the Crown Prosecution Service , with about 2,000 lawyers and 4,000 administrative staff , alongside the Home Office as public instruments for the administration of justice .
the successive re-organizations have brought the lord chancellor 's department , with a total staff of close on 12,000 , and the crown prosecution service , with about 2,000 lawyers and 4,000 administrative staff , alongside the home office as public instruments for the [people in charge] of justice .

The distinction between the responsibility of the Home Office for the criminal law , and the Lord Chancellor 's Department for the civil law , has been preserved , but its significance has been lessened by the gloss that it is the latter which exercises control over all court administration for criminal as well as civil cases .
the distinction between the responsibility of the home office for the criminal law , and the lord chancellor 's department for the civil law , has been preserved , but its significance has been lessened by the gloss that it is the latter which exercises control over all court [people in charge] for criminal as well as civil cases .

They are : the administration of the Crown Court and Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) ; the financing , organization and management of the Magistrates ' courts ; legal aid , legal services , and costs from central funds ( policy and provision ) ; and the appointment , or advice on the appointment , of almost all judges , judicial officers and magistrates in England and Wales , and in Northern Ireland .
they are : the [people in charge] of the crown court and court of appeal ( criminal division ) ; the financing , organization and management of the magistrates ' courts ; legal aid , legal services , and costs from central funds ( policy and provision ) ; and the appointment , or advice on the appointment , of almost all judges , judicial officers and magistrates in england and wales , and in northern ireland .

The centralized administration of the courts , and the acquisition of new responsibilities , has given the Lord Chancellor 's Department more of a leading role in the operation of criminal justice .
the centralized [people in charge] of the courts , and the acquisition of new responsibilities , has given the lord chancellor 's department more of a leading role in the operation of criminal justice .

The expansion , it is pointed out , relates solely to administration , with responsibility for the formulation of criminal policy being retained in the hands of the Home Office .
the expansion , it is pointed out , relates solely to [people in charge] , with responsibility for the formulation of criminal policy being retained in the hands of the home office .

Adherence to same orthodoxy was reflected in the phrasing of the Labour Party 's policy review in advance of the 1992 General Election . In a commitment to set up a Department for Legal Administration , Labour 's alternative White Paper stated :
adherence to same orthodoxy was reflected in the phrasing of the labour party 's policy review in advance of the 1992 general election . in a commitment to set up a department for legal [people in charge] , labour 's alternative white paper stated :

The new department would be headed by a Minister in the House of Commons and would be responsible for the administration of justice .
the new department would be headed by a minister in the house of commons and would be responsible for the [people in charge] of justice .

Britain is not yet ready for a Ministry of Justice , but if such a change were to come it is unlikely that the distinction between administration and policy would endure for long .
britain is not yet ready for a ministry of justice , but if such a change were to come it is unlikely that the distinction between [people in charge] and policy would endure for long .

The main argument for a separate Ministry , more extensive in range than a Department of Legal Administration , is that the regulatory functions of the Home Office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .
the main argument for a separate ministry , more extensive in range than a department of legal [people in charge] , is that the regulatory functions of the home office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .

The Committee said grading by the Jury  would lead to great inequality of judgment and administration  .
the committee said grading by the jury  would lead to great inequality of judgment and [people in charge]  .

For purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .
for purposes of prison [people in charge] it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .

These were the Directors of Prison and Borstal Administration , and the Woman Director .
these were the directors of prison and borstal [people in charge] , and the woman director .

Under the new system of administration resentment and lack of trust became commonplace , a situation which was not alleviated by the measures taken in the light of the May Committee 's recommendations in 1979 to give the Prison Department greater autonomy .
under the new system of [people in charge] resentment and lack of trust became commonplace , a situation which was not alleviated by the measures taken in the light of the may committee 's recommendations in 1979 to give the prison department greater autonomy .

It would be a misleading over-simplification to attribute the continuing erosion of morale in the administration of the prisons to the abolition of the Commission in 1963 .
it would be a misleading over-simplification to attribute the continuing erosion of morale in the [people in charge] of the prisons to the abolition of the commission in 1963 .

The implications of this question , transformed by the reprehensible way in which the administration of life imprisonment had developed over the intervening years , were to be subjected to critical review by a Lords Select Committee in 19889 .
the implications of this question , transformed by the reprehensible way in which the [people in charge] of life imprisonment had developed over the intervening years , were to be subjected to critical review by a lords select committee in 19889 .

The administration and financing of 842 Magistrates ' courts , presided over by about 18,500 lay justices of the peace , assisted by clerks who were mostly full-time and salaried , was in the hands of local Magistrates ' courts committees , with the aid of a grant from the Home Office .
the [people in charge] and financing of 842 magistrates ' courts , presided over by about 18,500 lay justices of the peace , assisted by clerks who were mostly full-time and salaried , was in the hands of local magistrates ' courts committees , with the aid of a grant from the home office .

The Royal Commission on Assizes and Quarter Sessions was enjoined to inquire into the arrangements for the administration of justice at Assizes and Quarter Sessions , and
the royal commission on assizes and quarter sessions was enjoined to inquire into the arrangements for the [people in charge] of justice at assizes and quarter sessions , and

As recommended by Beeching , the Lord Chancellor assumed overall responsibility for the construction and administration of all courts above the level of the Magistrates ' courts .
as recommended by beeching , the lord chancellor assumed overall responsibility for the construction and [people in charge] of all courts above the level of the magistrates ' courts .

Joining the House of Lords as a life peer only in 1963 , he became Lord Chancellor in the following year when the Labour Administration was formed , remaining in office until 1970 .
joining the house of lords as a life peer only in 1963 , he became lord chancellor in the following year when the labour [people in charge] was formed , remaining in office until 1970 .

Ignoring the traditional possessiveness of the Home Office towards the content of the criminal law as well as its administration , the Law Commission declined to confine itself to civil law matters .
ignoring the traditional possessiveness of the home office towards the content of the criminal law as well as its [people in charge] , the law commission declined to confine itself to civil law matters .

In the light of modern knowledge of crime and its causes and of modern penal practice here and abroad , to re-examine the concepts and purposes which should underlie the punishment and treatment of offenders in England and Wales ; to report how far they are realised by the penalties and methods of treatment available to the courts , and whether any changes in these , or in the arrangements and responsibility for selecting the sentences to be imposed on particular offenders , are desirable : to review the work of the services and institutions dealing with offenders , and the responsibility for their administration : and to make recommendations .
in the light of modern knowledge of crime and its causes and of modern penal practice here and abroad , to re-examine the concepts and purposes which should underlie the punishment and treatment of offenders in england and wales ; to report how far they are realised by the penalties and methods of treatment available to the courts , and whether any changes in these , or in the arrangements and responsibility for selecting the sentences to be imposed on particular offenders , are desirable : to review the work of the services and institutions dealing with offenders , and the responsibility for their [people in charge] : and to make recommendations .

The administration was desperately overloaded with applications for import licences .
the [people in charge] was desperately overloaded with applications for import licences .

Only the third is open to specific administration .
only the third is open to specific [people in charge] .

So there could be reason to think his administration would bring a new dawn for local democracy .
so there could be reason to think his [people in charge] would bring a new dawn for local democracy .

Political activity consists in bringing  the social , political , legal and institutional inheritance of his society before the tribunal of his intellect ; the rest is rational administration  .
political activity consists in bringing  the social , political , legal and institutional inheritance of his society before the tribunal of his intellect ; the rest is rational [people in charge]  .

Government comes to be seen as a matter of administration rather than rule and the ideologies of Machiavelli , Locke , Bentham , and Marx provide us with the modern cribs to politics ; a political training in default of a political education .
government comes to be seen as a matter of [people in charge] rather than rule and the ideologies of machiavelli , locke , bentham , and marx provide us with the modern cribs to politics ; a political training in default of a political education .

In modern times , this has culminated in the emergence of the  Servile State  in which the state is viewed as a corporate productive enterprise , Parliament has been reduced to a market in which private interests clamour for awards , and civil law has been displaced by the administration of instrumental rules and orders .
in modern times , this has culminated in the emergence of the  servile state  in which the state is viewed as a corporate productive enterprise , parliament has been reduced to a market in which private interests clamour for awards , and civil law has been displaced by the [people in charge] of instrumental rules and orders .

When , for example , Sidney Webb talked of a  fourfold path of collective administration of public services , collective regulation of private industry , collective taxation of unearned income , and collective provision for the dependent sections of the community  as being the pathway to socialism , he outlined a programme with which many New Liberals in practice agreed .
when , for example , sidney webb talked of a  fourfold path of collective [people in charge] of public services , collective regulation of private industry , collective taxation of unearned income , and collective provision for the dependent sections of the community  as being the pathway to socialism , he outlined a programme with which many new liberals in practice agreed .

By denying the existence of administrative law in the face of the structural pressures for the growth in administration , the influence which Dicey 's theory had on political and legal thought served to shield us from the realities and to prevent us from addressing the issues raised by these developments in a constructive fashion .
by denying the existence of administrative law in the face of the structural pressures for the growth in [people in charge] , the influence which dicey 's theory had on political and legal thought served to shield us from the realities and to prevent us from addressing the issues raised by these developments in a constructive fashion .

With the growth in government activity since the late nineteenth century the administration had , for a variety of reasons , become charged with judicial duties .
with the growth in government activity since the late nineteenth century the [people in charge] had , for a variety of reasons , become charged with judicial duties .

Robson 's solution was to enhance the judicial process and cultivate the judicial spirit within the administration by developing a rational system of administrative courts .
robson 's solution was to enhance the judicial process and cultivate the judicial spirit within the [people in charge] by developing a rational system of administrative courts .

The restaurant manager has the responsibility for the organisation and administration of the restaurants , bars and other food and beverage service areas .
the restaurant manager has the responsibility for the organisation and [people in charge] of the restaurants , bars and other food and beverage service areas .

The Problem Administration Dialogue , used by the Problem Administrator , offers the following options :
the problem [people in charge] dialogue , used by the problem administrator , offers the following options :

In the autumn of 1991 the Bush administration showed no interest in health care reform .
in the autumn of 1991 the bush [people in charge] showed no interest in health care reform .

Finally , it is unrealistic to recommend ( desirable though it might be in theory ) repeated estimates of auditory and vestibular function and , likewise , to believe that busy house officers will take samples for measurement of peak concentrations precisely 15 minutes after the end of an infusion and one hour after intramuscular administration as the authors advise .
finally , it is unrealistic to recommend ( desirable though it might be in theory ) repeated estimates of auditory and vestibular function and , likewise , to believe that busy house officers will take samples for measurement of peak concentrations precisely 15 minutes after the end of an infusion and one hour after intramuscular [people in charge] as the authors advise .

Such regimens reduce the cost of administration and may be less toxic .
such regimens reduce the cost of [people in charge] and may be less toxic .

Intravenous administration of acetaldehyde elicited a prompt rise in blood pressure and increase in bronchial resistance associated with augmentation of blood histamine concentration .
intravenous [people in charge] of acetaldehyde elicited a prompt rise in blood pressure and increase in bronchial resistance associated with augmentation of blood histamine concentration .

The Printing Division , under the Printer to the University , is managed as a separate enterprise complete with its own marketing , production , and administration departments .
the printing division , under the printer to the university , is managed as a separate enterprise complete with its own marketing , production , and [people in charge] departments .

The president is ostensibly the driver of this large complex machine , but at the beginning of each new administration the question is : Will the man temporarily in charge of this unwieldy , temperamental vehicle be able to master its tricky controls and get it to move at all ?
the president is ostensibly the driver of this large complex machine , but at the beginning of each new [people in charge] the question is : will the man temporarily in charge of this unwieldy , temperamental vehicle be able to master its tricky controls and get it to move at all ?

Annual editions of the Government Organization Manual provide neat schematic diagrams of the federal administration with the president at the top , above thirteen executive departments and innumerable independent agencies .
annual editions of the government organization manual provide neat schematic diagrams of the federal [people in charge] with the president at the top , above thirteen executive departments and innumerable independent agencies .

Constitutionally the president is , without doubt , the chief executive , but what is seriously in question is his freedom to direct and control those who work in  his  administration .
constitutionally the president is , without doubt , the chief executive , but what is seriously in question is his freedom to direct and control those who work in  his  [people in charge] .

The abortive attack on Cuba at the Bay of Pigs was set in train by the Eisenhower administration and implemented by Kennedy in 1961 without Congressional approval .
the abortive attack on cuba at the bay of pigs was set in train by the eisenhower [people in charge] and implemented by kennedy in 1961 without congressional approval .

The deep sense of frustration and resentment felt by leaders of the Nixon administration should not be dismissed as mere paranoia .
the deep sense of frustration and resentment felt by leaders of the nixon [people in charge] should not be dismissed as mere paranoia .

The Watergate hearings in Congress and the publication of the White House tapes also made possible an exposure of the inner workings of an administration to a degree inconceivable in Britain , where the shroud of secrecy that envelops matters of state is never lifted more than fractionally , even in moments of high crisis .
the watergate hearings in congress and the publication of the white house tapes also made possible an exposure of the inner workings of an [people in charge] to a degree inconceivable in britain , where the shroud of secrecy that envelops matters of state is never lifted more than fractionally , even in moments of high crisis .

Television screens around the world seemed to show that the president and his associates were guilty as charged and there could be no doubt that public confidence in the Nixon administration had been shattered .
television screens around the world seemed to show that the president and his associates were guilty as charged and there could be no doubt that public confidence in the nixon [people in charge] had been shattered .

Many of the changes that helped to bring about in the 1970s a new , more fragmented and more intractable congress would have happened irrespective of the misdemeanours of the Nixon administration .
many of the changes that helped to bring about in the 1970s a new , more fragmented and more intractable congress would have happened irrespective of the misdemeanours of the nixon [people in charge] .

Impoundment may be justified when the administration of a programme reveals opportunities to save , or perhaps divert , funds without negating the policy intentions of the legislative branch .
impoundment may be justified when the [people in charge] of a programme reveals opportunities to save , or perhaps divert , funds without negating the policy intentions of the legislative branch .

The impoundments  predominantly for policy purposes  totalled in excess of $ 18 billion , double the amount officially reported by the administration and far above the comparable action of any previous president .
the impoundments  predominantly for policy purposes  totalled in excess of $ 18 billion , double the amount officially reported by the [people in charge] and far above the comparable action of any previous president .

This lack-lustre performance by Ford , at the beginning of his presidency , in the most crucial area of domestic policy-making , set the tone for his administration .
this lack-lustre performance by ford , at the beginning of his presidency , in the most crucial area of domestic policy-making , set the tone for his [people in charge] .

In general , the attitude of the administration towards congress was disdainful and unsympathetic .
in general , the attitude of the [people in charge] towards congress was disdainful and unsympathetic .

As the Congressional Quarterly commented in 1980 ,  on the economic front the administration has little to crow about .
as the congressional quarterly commented in 1980 ,  on the economic front the [people in charge] has little to crow about .

Carter , accordingly , seemed to believe that if he studied the energy problem in sufficient detail and drew on the views of the appropriate experts his administration could develop an adequate policy .
carter , accordingly , seemed to believe that if he studied the energy problem in sufficient detail and drew on the views of the appropriate experts his [people in charge] could develop an adequate policy .

Franklin Roosevelt , generally agreed to have been the most successful of modern presidents , had , by contrast , no national legislative experience and had held only very junior office in Woodrow Wilson 's administration .
franklin roosevelt , generally agreed to have been the most successful of modern presidents , had , by contrast , no national legislative experience and had held only very junior office in woodrow wilson 's [people in charge] .

The Reagan forces claimed that the previous administration , anxious to avoid a tax increase in an election year , had left behind a sizeable budgetary deficit thereby forcing on the new governor the need to introduce legislation substantially raising some forms of taxation .
the reagan forces claimed that the previous [people in charge] , anxious to avoid a tax increase in an election year , had left behind a sizeable budgetary deficit thereby forcing on the new governor the need to introduce legislation substantially raising some forms of taxation .

According to one moderate Republican leader in the Assembly ,  The first year or two of Reagan 's administration in California was a disaster .
according to one moderate republican leader in the assembly ,  the first year or two of reagan 's [people in charge] in california was a disaster .

This was the most impressive accomplishment of the Reagan administration and was made possible by a modus vivendi worked out between the Governor and Robert Moretti , the Democratic Speaker of the Assembly .
this was the most impressive accomplishment of the reagan [people in charge] and was made possible by a modus vivendi worked out between the governor and robert moretti , the democratic speaker of the assembly .

Before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the Reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .
before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new [people in charge] were fully committed to the president 's aims .

However , the loyalty of political appointees and career civil servants in the federal administration at large is much more open to question .
however , the loyalty of political appointees and career civil servants in the federal [people in charge] at large is much more open to question .

The dangers inherent in the situation had been brought home to senior figures in the Reagan camp who had served in the Nixon administration .
the dangers inherent in the situation had been brought home to senior figures in the reagan camp who had served in the nixon [people in charge] .

In his first term , Nixon had devoted relatively little attention to the selection of those who would be responsible for the administration of his programme .
in his first term , nixon had devoted relatively little attention to the selection of those who would be responsible for the [people in charge] of his programme .

Elaborate precautions were also taken to guard against the danger of senior members of the administration becoming , in Reagan 's own words ,  captives of the bureaus or special interests in the departments they are supposed to direct  .
elaborate precautions were also taken to guard against the danger of senior members of the [people in charge] becoming , in reagan 's own words ,  captives of the bureaus or special interests in the departments they are supposed to direct  .

Some interesting reactions from a cabinet member on the receiving end of the doctrinal ministrations of Meese and other Reaganite hawks are to be found in the reflections of Terrell Bell , a Republican moderate and Secretary of Education in Reagan 's first administration .
some interesting reactions from a cabinet member on the receiving end of the doctrinal ministrations of meese and other reaganite hawks are to be found in the reflections of terrell bell , a republican moderate and secretary of education in reagan 's first [people in charge] .

Bell , however , had the misfortune to be a moderate serving in a conservative administration and he was bound to be regarded with suspicion .
bell , however , had the misfortune to be a moderate serving in a conservative [people in charge] and he was bound to be regarded with suspicion .

Cohesion in the administration was also facilitated by a system of cabinet councils , introduced at the suggestion of Meese and a major feature of Reagan 's administrative strategy in his first term .
cohesion in the [people in charge] was also facilitated by a system of cabinet councils , introduced at the suggestion of meese and a major feature of reagan 's administrative strategy in his first term .

In approaching the legislature , the Reagan forces were determined to avoid the mistakes of Jimmy Carter ; the new administration would have a clear sense of direction and a well-defined order of priorities .
in approaching the legislature , the reagan forces were determined to avoid the mistakes of jimmy carter ; the new [people in charge] would have a clear sense of direction and a well-defined order of priorities .

The first stage of a process taking , roughly a total of eighteen months to complete , occurs within the federal administration .
the first stage of a process taking , roughly a total of eighteen months to complete , occurs within the federal [people in charge] .

Agreement on this package within the administration had not occurred without a struggle .
agreement on this package within the [people in charge] had not occurred without a struggle .

The effect of this profoundly important innovation was that members of Congress were required to vote up or down the administration 's complete package of cuts at the beginning of the congressional phase of the budgetary process .
the effect of this profoundly important innovation was that members of congress were required to vote up or down the [people in charge] 's complete package of cuts at the beginning of the congressional phase of the budgetary process .

With good reason the Reagan administration began the fight for the budget in the Senate where there was a Republican majority .
with good reason the reagan [people in charge] began the fight for the budget in the senate where there was a republican majority .

Ten days later , the Senate as a whole approved this bill by an overwhelming majority before going on in May to embrace a budget resolution that  contained nearly one hundred per cent of the administration 's entire economic program , by a vote of 72  20 .
ten days later , the senate as a whole approved this bill by an overwhelming majority before going on in may to embrace a budget resolution that  contained nearly one hundred per cent of the [people in charge] 's entire economic program , by a vote of 72  20 .

On the other hand , there were around sixty southern Democrats , potential  Boll Weevils  , some of whom might be induced to vote with the administration .
on the other hand , there were around sixty southern democrats , potential  boll weevils  , some of whom might be induced to vote with the [people in charge] .

On 16 April the House Budget Committee reported out a budget resolution that incorporated $ 15.8 billion in cuts  $ 20 billion less than the administration had requested  and the battle was now joined for the votes of those who could make or break the president 's programme , the Gypsy Moths and the Boll Weevils .
on 16 april the house budget committee reported out a budget resolution that incorporated $ 15.8 billion in cuts  $ 20 billion less than the [people in charge] had requested  and the battle was now joined for the votes of those who could make or break the president 's programme , the gypsy moths and the boll weevils .

During June the administration successfully fended off Democratic attempts to recoup their losses earlier in the year , allowing the president , on 13 August , to sign  into law the deepest and farthest-reaching package of budget cuts that Congress had ever approved .
during june the [people in charge] successfully fended off democratic attempts to recoup their losses earlier in the year , allowing the president , on 13 august , to sign  into law the deepest and farthest-reaching package of budget cuts that congress had ever approved .

The administration 's success in cutting the budget was an impressive accomplishment , but for supply-side hawks like David Stockman , it was only a means to an end , an essential first step , for the real heart of the Reagan Revolution lay in the massive tax cut needed to unfetter the capitalist system and to revive the American economy .
the [people in charge] 's success in cutting the budget was an impressive accomplishment , but for supply-side hawks like david stockman , it was only a means to an end , an essential first step , for the real heart of the reagan revolution lay in the massive tax cut needed to unfetter the capitalist system and to revive the american economy .

In early August , Congress formally ratified both parts of the administration 's economic programme , the budget cuts and the tax cut , and at this point few could doubt that Ronald Reagan had passed with distinction the classic test of presidential greatness .
in early august , congress formally ratified both parts of the [people in charge] 's economic programme , the budget cuts and the tax cut , and at this point few could doubt that ronald reagan had passed with distinction the classic test of presidential greatness .

By the following month , furthermore , Reagan 's rating had dropped ten points , where it broadly stayed during the next three months while the administration successfully defended its budget-cutting package and won a stunning endorsement of the tax reduction measure .
by the following month , furthermore , reagan 's rating had dropped ten points , where it broadly stayed during the next three months while the [people in charge] successfully defended its budget-cutting package and won a stunning endorsement of the tax reduction measure .

The Reagan administration 's success in building a series of ad hoc coalitions in support of key economic policy votes owed much to the brilliance of the White House staff with special responsibility for dealing with legislature .
the reagan [people in charge] 's success in building a series of ad hoc coalitions in support of key economic policy votes owed much to the brilliance of the white house staff with special responsibility for dealing with legislature .

 If Reagan provided the soul of the Administration 's program , Stockman provided the intellect .
 if reagan provided the soul of the [people in charge] 's program , stockman provided the intellect .

Baker 's principal lieutenant on Capitol Hill was Max Friedersdorf the first head of the new administration 's Congressional liaison office .
baker 's principal lieutenant on capitol hill was max friedersdorf the first head of the new [people in charge] 's congressional liaison office .

Legislative liaison in the Carter administration had been notably weak ; Frank Moore , a fellow Georgian whom Carter placed in charge of the operation , had no previous congressional experience and proved inept and insensitive in his dealings with members of congress in the crucial early months .
legislative liaison in the carter [people in charge] had been notably weak ; frank moore , a fellow georgian whom carter placed in charge of the operation , had no previous congressional experience and proved inept and insensitive in his dealings with members of congress in the crucial early months .

Again in contrast to the Carter administration , the Reagan legislative liaison office mounted an efficient operation .
again in contrast to the carter [people in charge] , the reagan legislative liaison office mounted an efficient operation .

As the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break Reagan 's programme , Stockman received an agitated telephone call from Bill Thomas , a conservative Republican from California and an agent of the administration on Capitol Hill : This extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the American pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the Reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the House of Representatives .
as the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break reagan 's programme , stockman received an agitated telephone call from bill thomas , a conservative republican from california and an agent of the [people in charge] on capitol hill : this extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the american pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the house of representatives .

That success , as Hedrick Smith shows , also turned on the ability of the Reagan administration to play  outside politics  .
that success , as hedrick smith shows , also turned on the ability of the reagan [people in charge] to play  outside politics  .

The president 's television addresses activated grass-roots support in members ' districts , but administration strategists were not content to leave the matter there .
the president 's television addresses activated grass-roots support in members ' districts , but [people in charge] strategists were not content to leave the matter there .

The  combat  called for here would certainly have been  risky  for it would have led inevitably to the destruction of both the Republican party and the Reagan administration .
the  combat  called for here would certainly have been  risky  for it would have led inevitably to the destruction of both the republican party and the reagan [people in charge] .

It certainly is the case that the Reagan administration was never able to duplicate the domestic policy triumphs of 1981 in the remaining three years of the first term .
it certainly is the case that the reagan [people in charge] was never able to duplicate the domestic policy triumphs of 1981 in the remaining three years of the first term .

He offered the leading commoners in most towns and regions the option of taking over their own administration and taxation .
he offered the leading commoners in most towns and regions the option of taking over their own [people in charge] and taxation .

Peter made service in the army or the civil administration compulsory and lifelong for all noblemen .
peter made service in the army or the civil [people in charge] compulsory and lifelong for all noblemen .

At the centre Peter created a governing Senate to oversee all administration .
at the centre peter created a governing senate to oversee all [people in charge] .

The patriarchate was abolished and ecclesiastical administration taken over by the Holy Synod ( 1721 ) , a department of state headed by a layman .
the patriarchate was abolished and ecclesiastical [people in charge] taken over by the holy synod ( 1721 ) , a department of state headed by a layman .

When under Nicholas the governor of each province was instructed to draw up an annual report , the information supplied was hopelessly vague and did nothing to identify the major weaknesses and problems of the administration .
when under nicholas the governor of each province was instructed to draw up an annual report , the information supplied was hopelessly vague and did nothing to identify the major weaknesses and problems of the [people in charge] .

Backed by the army , the administration was generally able to keep a semblance of order , to crush peasant insubordination , and to gather at least a proportion of the taxes decreed .
backed by the army , the [people in charge] was generally able to keep a semblance of order , to crush peasant insubordination , and to gather at least a proportion of the taxes decreed .

In many ways the capricious and unconstructive nature of the administration made its demands weigh even more heavily .
in many ways the capricious and unconstructive nature of the [people in charge] made its demands weigh even more heavily .

The caprice and incompetence of the bureaucracy , the arbitrary administration of justice , the seemingly ubiquitous police could not fail to affront at least some among an lite increasingly conscious of their own dignity .
the caprice and incompetence of the bureaucracy , the arbitrary [people in charge] of justice , the seemingly ubiquitous police could not fail to affront at least some among an lite increasingly conscious of their own dignity .

But they were also seizing the opportunity to express their frustration with the caprice , incompetence , and sheer inadequacy of provincial administration and judicial procedures .
but they were also seizing the opportunity to express their frustration with the caprice , incompetence , and sheer inadequacy of provincial [people in charge] and judicial procedures .

The idea of establishing elective councils outside the existing administration with responsibilities for some aspects of local government therefore made sense to ministers .
the idea of establishing elective councils outside the existing [people in charge] with responsibilities for some aspects of local government therefore made sense to ministers .

The proportion of government revenue directed into industry was a mere fraction of that devoted to the upkeep of the armed forces and administration .
the proportion of government revenue directed into industry was a mere fraction of that devoted to the upkeep of the armed forces and [people in charge] .

The new rule is also a clear victory for the environmentalists against a proposal by the Bush administration that would have eliminated any waiting period .
the new rule is also a clear victory for the environmentalists against a proposal by the bush [people in charge] that would have eliminated any waiting period .

The Food and Drug Administration has also hinted that it may revise a policy that does not at present require special safety testing or labelling for most biotechnology foods .
the food and drug [people in charge] has also hinted that it may revise a policy that does not at present require special safety testing or labelling for most biotechnology foods .

& name , speaking last week at the unveiling of the commission 's final summary report , said he was struck by how many of those involved are now  like himself  part of the new administration .
& name , speaking last week at the unveiling of the commission 's final summary report , said he was struck by how many of those involved are now  like himself  part of the new [people in charge] .

No pupils refused to participate in the study , and as pupils were not warned about the administration of the survey we assumed that those registered pupils who did not complete the survey were either absent or had left the school .
no pupils refused to participate in the study , and as pupils were not warned about the [people in charge] of the survey we assumed that those registered pupils who did not complete the survey were either absent or had left the school .

Hypersensitivity to hydrocortisone has been well documented , and intradermal testing was thought to have a role in predicting safe administration of an alternative steroid .
hypersensitivity to hydrocortisone has been well documented , and intradermal testing was thought to have a role in predicting safe [people in charge] of an alternative steroid .

Animal and human studies show that uptake of phenylalanine by the brain can be substantially inhibited by increased plasma concentrations of other amino acids induced by administration of large doses of amino acids such as tyrosine , tryptophan , or the branched chain compounds .
animal and human studies show that uptake of phenylalanine by the brain can be substantially inhibited by increased plasma concentrations of other amino acids induced by [people in charge] of large doses of amino acids such as tyrosine , tryptophan , or the branched chain compounds .

The problem of ensuring that teaching receives equal weighting with research and administration is not unique to medicine .
the problem of ensuring that teaching receives equal weighting with research and [people in charge] is not unique to medicine .

Feeling overloaded with routine and emergency clinical work ( there are no deputising services in Bassetlaw ) and with administration , he did not see how he and his colleagues could commit any extra time to assessment .
feeling overloaded with routine and emergency clinical work ( there are no deputising services in bassetlaw ) and with [people in charge] , he did not see how he and his colleagues could commit any extra time to assessment .

Someone must always have discharged these duties ; but the mention of these officials in eleventh-century households pointed to two developments : firstly , a conscious imitation of Carolingian ways ( for Charlemagne and his heirs had surrounded themselves with seneschals and stewards ) , and secondly , a revived interest in administration .
someone must always have discharged these duties ; but the mention of these officials in eleventh-century households pointed to two developments : firstly , a conscious imitation of carolingian ways ( for charlemagne and his heirs had surrounded themselves with seneschals and stewards ) , and secondly , a revived interest in [people in charge] .

Thus the complex administration necessary for repairing and extending city walls , channelling water supplies , ejecting waste , hearing legal cases , punishing offenders , policing the streets , could all be supplied .
thus the complex [people in charge] necessary for repairing and extending city walls , channelling water supplies , ejecting waste , hearing legal cases , punishing offenders , policing the streets , could all be supplied .

Alongside national changes went directives aimed at increasing the power of elected local authorities , especially in education and police administration where the power of central bureaucrats was too dominant .
alongside national changes went directives aimed at increasing the power of elected local authorities , especially in education and police [people in charge] where the power of central bureaucrats was too dominant .

One girl from Harvard 's administration department insisted that one gullible dealer tried on an undersized blazer .
one girl from harvard 's [people in charge] department insisted that one gullible dealer tried on an undersized blazer .

Sir Willie strolled onto the administration floor where Sandra , and a consortium of dealers , had gathered to meet him .
sir willie strolled onto the [people in charge] floor where sandra , and a consortium of dealers , had gathered to meet him .

The Eyas Securities administration manager stood beaming before her , and said something in Sir Willie 's accent .
the eyas securities [people in charge] manager stood beaming before her , and said something in sir willie 's accent .

He was a powerfully built man , who had aroused resentment at the firm because he had constantly called the administration staff morons ! However he did too much business to get sacked .
he was a powerfully built man , who had aroused resentment at the firm because he had constantly called the [people in charge] staff morons ! however he did too much business to get sacked .

Besides , Harvard 's own shares , when purchased in sufficient quantity , dispensed with the need for clients to pay the 12 administration cheque on their deals .
besides , harvard 's own shares , when purchased in sufficient quantity , dispensed with the need for clients to pay the 12 [people in charge] cheque on their deals .

One popular way was for the dealer to refer his client to somebody in the administration or accounts departments , or else to the director in charge of such details .
one popular way was for the dealer to refer his client to somebody in the [people in charge] or accounts departments , or else to the director in charge of such details .

It may not be much more than forty per cent of the voters , leaving the non-voters and the remaining sixty per cent of those who took part in the election to be governed by an administration which is not of their choosing .
it may not be much more than forty per cent of the voters , leaving the non-voters and the remaining sixty per cent of those who took part in the election to be governed by an [people in charge] which is not of their choosing .

It was the filling of nearly all the offices of government and administration of the laws by citizens chosen , not by competitive election , but by lot .
it was the filling of nearly all the offices of government and [people in charge] of the laws by citizens chosen , not by competitive election , but by lot .

Apart from the use of referenda , which are a regular feature of politics in the United States , Switzerland and some other countries , jury service , as an obligation which may in principle fall upon any citizen , is almost the sole vestige of direct citizen participation in law-making and administration which survives in modern democracies .
apart from the use of referenda , which are a regular feature of politics in the united states , switzerland and some other countries , jury service , as an obligation which may in principle fall upon any citizen , is almost the sole vestige of direct citizen participation in law-making and [people in charge] which survives in modern democracies .

Talking to the people was a priority for his administration .
talking to the people was a priority for his [people in charge] .

Just near here for example , in the distillery in the basement of the National Police Administration , there are a lot of women doing heavy manual labour .
just near here for example , in the distillery in the basement of the national police [people in charge] , there are a lot of women doing heavy manual labour .

Many have a clear sense of class , recognizing themselves as the exploited , subjected to the petty extortion and corruption of the market administration , the police and other security forces .
many have a clear sense of class , recognizing themselves as the exploited , subjected to the petty extortion and corruption of the market [people in charge] , the police and other security forces .

The market administration is responsible for the maintenance of the building or site , rubbish collection , security and rents .
the market [people in charge] is responsible for the maintenance of the building or site , rubbish collection , security and rents .

Tariffs are high and credit facilities for vendors are normally controlled by the administration .
tariffs are high and credit facilities for vendors are normally controlled by the [people in charge] .

Removal of the present market administration on the grounds of corruption .
removal of the present market [people in charge] on the grounds of corruption .

However , it was seven months later , after a prolonged rent strike and a number of symbolic occupations , before the municipal government implemented the agreement , lowering the tariffs by 50 % and firing the most notorious crooks employed in the market administration .
however , it was seven months later , after a prolonged rent strike and a number of symbolic occupations , before the municipal government implemented the agreement , lowering the tariffs by 50 % and firing the most notorious crooks employed in the market [people in charge] .

to consider how the administration of the tests might be organized in schools ;
to consider how the [people in charge] of the tests might be organized in schools ;

comment on the tests and test items and discuss issues relating to their development and administration in the schools ;
comment on the tests and test items and discuss issues relating to their development and [people in charge] in the schools ;

Test development and administration
test development and [people in charge]

For example the administration of overseas territories has been accomplished by means of orders in council issued by virtue of the royal prerogative .
for example the [people in charge] of overseas territories has been accomplished by means of orders in council issued by virtue of the royal prerogative .

( b ) To examine all aspects of administration and policy relating to the department .
( b ) to examine all aspects of [people in charge] and policy relating to the department .

Any other arrestable offence may be serious if its commission has led to or is likely to lead to : ( a ) serious harm to the security of the state or public order ; ( b ) serious interference with the administration of justice or with the investigation of offences ; ( c ) death ; ( d ) serious injury ; ( e ) substantial financial gain or serious financial loss .
any other arrestable offence may be serious if its commission has led to or is likely to lead to : ( a ) serious harm to the security of the state or public order ; ( b ) serious interference with the [people in charge] of justice or with the investigation of offences ; ( c ) death ; ( d ) serious injury ; ( e ) substantial financial gain or serious financial loss .

If an individual has suffered grievance at the hands of the administration , he may be able to obtain redress through the courts .
if an individual has suffered grievance at the hands of the [people in charge] , he may be able to obtain redress through the courts .

He was an absolute ruler in a highly centralised administration , but he ruled by Maat , the established divine order .
he was an absolute ruler in a highly centralised [people in charge] , but he ruled by maat , the established divine order .

The time of administration of the gonadotropins relative to each other and the light cycle of the mouse room affects both the number of eggs ovulated and their developmental uniformity .
the time of [people in charge] of the gonadotropins relative to each other and the light cycle of the mouse room affects both the number of eggs ovulated and their developmental uniformity .

In the bigger agencies much of the routine administration is undertaken by progress or traffic people .
in the bigger agencies much of the routine [people in charge] is undertaken by progress or traffic people .

Timetables , transportation , advertising , publicity , staffing and administration of the exhibition , travel and accommodation of yourself and staff and perhaps the client , as well as printing and production of suitable literature are just a few of the many items comprising your work when you recommend an exhibition be undertaken .
timetables , transportation , advertising , publicity , staffing and [people in charge] of the exhibition , travel and accommodation of yourself and staff and perhaps the client , as well as printing and production of suitable literature are just a few of the many items comprising your work when you recommend an exhibition be undertaken .

Pre-operative preparation is usually minimal , involving the administration of a premedication and preparation of the abdominal skin as well as general pre-operative measures , e.g .
pre-operative preparation is usually minimal , involving the [people in charge] of a premedication and preparation of the abdominal skin as well as general pre-operative measures , e.g .

The administration of anaesthesia or drugs , or procedures such as the preparation of the bowel for X-rays or surgery may also require restriction of the diet or affect appetite .
the [people in charge] of anaesthesia or drugs , or procedures such as the preparation of the bowel for x-rays or surgery may also require restriction of the diet or affect appetite .

4 Participating in the administration of alternative methods of nutrition/hydration , i.e. parenteral ( intravenous ) methods ; enteral ( alimentary tract ) methods , via mouth , nasogastric tube , gastrostomy .
4 participating in the [people in charge] of alternative methods of nutrition/hydration , i.e. parenteral ( intravenous ) methods ; enteral ( alimentary tract ) methods , via mouth , nasogastric tube , gastrostomy .

The administration and supervision of the Minor project are undertaken by DCSLs , unsupported by the Project Coordinating Team , whose efforts are reserved for the more substantial Major Project .
the [people in charge] and supervision of the minor project are undertaken by dcsls , unsupported by the project coordinating team , whose efforts are reserved for the more substantial major project .

Structurally , we conclude that this crucial committee needed also to be related unambiguously and directly to both the Project Coordinating Team and the administration of the county inservice department .
structurally , we conclude that this crucial committee needed also to be related unambiguously and directly to both the project coordinating team and the [people in charge] of the county inservice department .

It is likely that this money will help to fund administration costs , post and telephone , establishment of data bases , salaries and publicity , as well as additional funding for schools .
it is likely that this money will help to fund [people in charge] costs , post and telephone , establishment of data bases , salaries and publicity , as well as additional funding for schools .

The bulk of such funds is likely to go towards paying for salaries , administration , post and telephone , and publicity .
the bulk of such funds is likely to go towards paying for salaries , [people in charge] , post and telephone , and publicity .

The bulk of such funds is likely to go towards paying salaries , administration , post and telephone and publicity .
the bulk of such funds is likely to go towards paying salaries , [people in charge] , post and telephone and publicity .

This will ensure that the trade union perspective is included on the agenda of planning and administration .
this will ensure that the trade union perspective is included on the agenda of planning and [people in charge] .

At a time when the administration of opera is such an hysterically newsworthy subject ( at least where Covent Garden is concerned  and that , given the current thinking of the Arts Council and the arts minister , seems likely only to get worse ) composers want to write operas because they , if nobody else , recognise the scope of what the medium can offer .
at a time when the [people in charge] of opera is such an hysterically newsworthy subject ( at least where covent garden is concerned  and that , given the current thinking of the arts council and the arts minister , seems likely only to get worse ) composers want to write operas because they , if nobody else , recognise the scope of what the medium can offer .

In the  dependent  world of the first half of the 20th century , movements for national liberation and independence were the main agents for the political emancipation of most of the globe , that is to say for an elimination of imperial administration and , more significantly , direct military domination by the imperial powers .
in the  dependent  world of the first half of the 20th century , movements for national liberation and independence were the main agents for the political emancipation of most of the globe , that is to say for an elimination of imperial [people in charge] and , more significantly , direct military domination by the imperial powers .

Decolonisation meant that , by and large , independent states were created out of existing areas of colonial administration , within their colonial frontiers .
decolonisation meant that , by and large , independent states were created out of existing areas of colonial [people in charge] , within their colonial frontiers .

Until the 1960s  Britishness  , in terms of law and administration , was a simple matter today .
until the 1960s  britishness  , in terms of law and [people in charge] , was a simple matter today .

The impetus for the Bill , as we have seen , came from two sources : first the need to deal with the growing mass of social legislation and the proliferation of agencies responsible for its administration ; and second , the belief in popular democracy .
the impetus for the bill , as we have seen , came from two sources : first the need to deal with the growing mass of social legislation and the proliferation of agencies responsible for its [people in charge] ; and second , the belief in popular democracy .

There were weaknesses in respect of boundaries , the administration of certain services , and the workings of local democracy ( Redcliffe-Maud 1969 : Vol .
there were weaknesses in respect of boundaries , the [people in charge] of certain services , and the workings of local democracy ( redcliffe-maud 1969 : vol .

Richards suggests that  since the Anglican Church in Wales was disestablished in 1919 , it is not fitting that a name associated with church organisation should be linked to a secular unit of local administration ( Richards 1983:39 ) .
richards suggests that  since the anglican church in wales was disestablished in 1919 , it is not fitting that a name associated with church organisation should be linked to a secular unit of local [people in charge] ( richards 1983:39 ) .

The second question is , of course , a more specific version of the first if we consider local government within the broader context of public administration and attitudes to the state provision of goods and services .
the second question is , of course , a more specific version of the first if we consider local government within the broader context of public [people in charge] and attitudes to the state provision of goods and services .

The basis for the allocation of services both in the various reports and in the subsequent legislation was the size of population accepted as necessary for effective administration .
the basis for the allocation of services both in the various reports and in the subsequent legislation was the size of population accepted as necessary for effective [people in charge] .

first , local government is part of the overall organisation of public administration within the state .
first , local government is part of the overall organisation of public [people in charge] within the state .

Finally , and most significantly , the responsibility for providing local services is shared between appointed officials and elected councillors in a way that corresponds neither to the practices found in private organisations , nor to those obtaining in other branches of public administration .
finally , and most significantly , the responsibility for providing local services is shared between appointed officials and elected councillors in a way that corresponds neither to the practices found in private organisations , nor to those obtaining in other branches of public [people in charge] .

Most of their criticisms were related to the survival  of a nineteenth century tradition that council members must themselves be concerned with actual details of day-to-day administration  ( Maud 1967 , Vol .
most of their criticisms were related to the survival  of a nineteenth century tradition that council members must themselves be concerned with actual details of day-to-day [people in charge]  ( maud 1967 , vol .

They took a very different attitude from Maud to this relationship believing  that if local government is to have any chance of achieving a corporate approach to its affairs members and officers must both recognise that neither can regard any area of the authority 's work and administration as exclusively theirs  ( Bains 1972:8 ) .
they took a very different attitude from maud to this relationship believing  that if local government is to have any chance of achieving a corporate approach to its affairs members and officers must both recognise that neither can regard any area of the authority 's work and [people in charge] as exclusively theirs  ( bains 1972:8 ) .

On the other hand , members must have an interest in matters of day-to-day administration when these affect their constituents .
on the other hand , members must have an interest in matters of day-to-day [people in charge] when these affect their constituents .

Official reports into local government administration have in the past been extremely coy about the significance of such Partisanship for the matters they investigated .
official reports into local government [people in charge] have in the past been extremely coy about the significance of such partisanship for the matters they investigated .

Back-bench Members of Parliament whether of government or opposition parties are far more removed from questions of policy and administration than are councillors who discuss these matters through a series of committees and subcommittees .
back-bench members of parliament whether of government or opposition parties are far more removed from questions of policy and [people in charge] than are councillors who discuss these matters through a series of committees and subcommittees .

The government was concerned that the administration of local services was being politically compromised by more assertive councillors .
the government was concerned that the [people in charge] of local services was being politically compromised by more assertive councillors .

There is a long-standing debate among theorists of management and administration about the possibility of rational approaches .
there is a long-standing debate among theorists of management and [people in charge] about the possibility of rational approaches .

The difficulties inherent in the  rational  approach to public policy-making and administration have led to a renewed interest in  incrementalism  in local authorities .
the difficulties inherent in the  rational  approach to public policy-making and [people in charge] have led to a renewed interest in  incrementalism  in local authorities .

The auditor , therefore ,  must be concerned not only with the form and regularity of the accounts but also with issues of substance arising therefrom , such as the possibility of loss due to waste , extravagance , inefficient financial administration , poor value for money , mistake or other cause  ( Layfield 1976 , App 1 : 188 ) .
the auditor , therefore ,  must be concerned not only with the form and regularity of the accounts but also with issues of substance arising therefrom , such as the possibility of loss due to waste , extravagance , inefficient financial [people in charge] , poor value for money , mistake or other cause  ( layfield 1976 , app 1 : 188 ) .

Summing up the Japanese impact on Korea , it may be said that efficient but harsh administration was provided ; economic progress was promoted yet in a distorted way , designed to benefit the colonial master .
summing up the japanese impact on korea , it may be said that efficient but harsh [people in charge] was provided ; economic progress was promoted yet in a distorted way , designed to benefit the colonial master .

From the 1920s to the 1940s he acted as the principal representative of the provisional administration in Washington , having given up the presidency .
from the 1920s to the 1940s he acted as the principal representative of the provisional [people in charge] in washington , having given up the presidency .

He badgered the State Department in an attempt to gain recognition but he was regarded as a tiresome person of no real importance by the bureaucrats in the Roosevelt administration .
he badgered the state department in an attempt to gain recognition but he was regarded as a tiresome person of no real importance by the bureaucrats in the roosevelt [people in charge] .

Position papers continued to be drafted in the State Department in 194445 with preference being expressed for a unified administration in Korea as part of the trusteeship rather than the creation of military zones .
position papers continued to be drafted in the state department in 194445 with preference being expressed for a unified [people in charge] in korea as part of the trusteeship rather than the creation of military zones .

This may be correct , but it would be misleading not to give full recognition to the fact that the priority was the occupation of Japan and ensuring that the Soviet Union was not directly involved in the administration of Japan .
this may be correct , but it would be misleading not to give full recognition to the fact that the priority was the occupation of japan and ensuring that the soviet union was not directly involved in the [people in charge] of japan .

Decisions on the administration of Korea had to be reached swiftly and the United States would be dependent on Soviet goodwill at first , since American forces were not immediately available to occupy south Korea .
decisions on the [people in charge] of korea had to be reached swiftly and the united states would be dependent on soviet goodwill at first , since american forces were not immediately available to occupy south korea .

Within south Korea policy should be aimed at consolidating democratic groups and drawing them into the military administration .
within south korea policy should be aimed at consolidating democratic groups and drawing them into the military [people in charge] .

Much more attention was being devoted to Korea in Washington in March 1947 at a time when the Truman administration was deeply involved in the complex issues inherent in taking over from Britain in handling aid to Greece .
much more attention was being devoted to korea in washington in march 1947 at a time when the truman [people in charge] was deeply involved in the complex issues inherent in taking over from britain in handling aid to greece .

The Truman administration recognised the catastrophic deterioration and determined at the beginning of August that action would have to be taken .
the truman [people in charge] recognised the catastrophic deterioration and determined at the beginning of august that action would have to be taken .

This chapter has so far focused mainly upon south Korea and on the American-Soviet deliberations upon producing a unified administration .
this chapter has so far focused mainly upon south korea and on the american-soviet deliberations upon producing a unified [people in charge] .

Equally disturbing was the fact that the House of Representatives voted narrowly on 19 January 1950 , by 193 votes to 191 , to reject the administration 's Korean Aid Bill .
equally disturbing was the fact that the house of representatives voted narrowly on 19 january 1950 , by 193 votes to 191 , to reject the [people in charge] 's korean aid bill .

The defeat was attributable to resentment at the Truman administration 's bankrupt policy in China , to complacency regarding the Korean bill , and to the grave ill health of Senator Vandenberg .
the defeat was attributable to resentment at the truman [people in charge] 's bankrupt policy in china , to complacency regarding the korean bill , and to the grave ill health of senator vandenberg .

His role at the head of the military administration was a creative one and satisfied him up to a point .
his role at the head of the military [people in charge] was a creative one and satisfied him up to a point .

He wished the administration of Japan under his direction to be seen as positive , challenging and above all successful in laying the foundations for political and economic achievement in Japan .
he wished the [people in charge] of japan under his direction to be seen as positive , challenging and above all successful in laying the foundations for political and economic achievement in japan .

Upon taking office as Prime Minister in October 1948 , Yoshida summarised the priorities of his administration as fostering democracy in Japanese society , encouraging the Japanese economy so as to secure greater self-sufficiency , and restoring Japan 's status in the world .
upon taking office as prime minister in october 1948 , yoshida summarised the priorities of his [people in charge] as fostering democracy in japanese society , encouraging the japanese economy so as to secure greater self-sufficiency , and restoring japan 's status in the world .

Valued at 2 billion a year ago , the company is now under administration .
valued at 2 billion a year ago , the company is now under [people in charge] .

In short , the administration of the Church of England is not just a spiritual matter ; it is also a managerial task of daunting proportions .
in short , the [people in charge] of the church of england is not just a spiritual matter ; it is also a managerial task of daunting proportions .

Choate parallels Servan-Schreiber , but his exposes are ostensibly more sinister : showing how the Japanese bought their way to excessive influence in Washington by hiring regiments of lobbyists , many of them senior former officials , in order to move Congress and the Administration their way .
choate parallels servan-schreiber , but his exposes are ostensibly more sinister : showing how the japanese bought their way to excessive influence in washington by hiring regiments of lobbyists , many of them senior former officials , in order to move congress and the [people in charge] their way .

Choate shows up the hypocrisy of former Administration members who oppose the Japanese publicly but take large fees for acting for them behind the scenes .
choate shows up the hypocrisy of former [people in charge] members who oppose the japanese publicly but take large fees for acting for them behind the scenes .

In a word , even from accounts we learn how administration functioned .
in a word , even from accounts we learn how [people in charge] functioned .

Far from being unimportant , the study of administration and institutions has much to tell us about the increasing effectiveness of the state and central government in an aspect of government growing more important with every passing year .
far from being unimportant , the study of [people in charge] and institutions has much to tell us about the increasing effectiveness of the state and central government in an aspect of government growing more important with every passing year .

On the one hand was the development of the French state , its administration , its budget , its army , together with its emphasis upon the attributes of monarchy .
on the one hand was the development of the french state , its [people in charge] , its budget , its army , together with its emphasis upon the attributes of monarchy .

of the royal administration to defend adequately the coast of southern England against French and Castilian incursions of increasing frequency and intensity certainly contributed .
of the royal [people in charge] to defend adequately the coast of southern england against french and castilian incursions of increasing frequency and intensity certainly contributed .

For others still , the administration which war inevitably brought in its wake provided further opportunities to serve their country 's cause .
for others still , the [people in charge] which war inevitably brought in its wake provided further opportunities to serve their country 's cause .

Into a pattern of military administration which may appear deceptively well organised there stepped a class of soldier , the mercenary , whose presence to people of the late Middle Ages meant destruction and disorder .
into a pattern of military [people in charge] which may appear deceptively well organised there stepped a class of soldier , the mercenary , whose presence to people of the late middle ages meant destruction and disorder .

As Diocesan Secretary , Colonel Ross co-ordinates all the administration of the diocese , and is responsible to the Bishop , and through him to the Synod .
as diocesan secretary , colonel ross co-ordinates all the [people in charge] of the diocese , and is responsible to the bishop , and through him to the synod .

The Dean ( above ) : Hugh Dickinson spends a third of his time raising funds to save the spire . The Diocesan Secretary ( below ) : Colonel Christopher Ross keeps the administration  well screwed down 
the dean ( above ) : hugh dickinson spends a third of his time raising funds to save the spire . the diocesan secretary ( below ) : colonel christopher ross keeps the [people in charge]  well screwed down 

The Gospels became depoliticised and responsibility for Jesus 's crucifixion was transferred from the Roman administration to the Jews .
the gospels became depoliticised and responsibility for jesus 's crucifixion was transferred from the roman [people in charge] to the jews .

He allowed high Church dignitaries to become part of the civil administration and , by doing so , paved the way for the Church 's consolidation of secular power .
he allowed high church dignitaries to become part of the civil [people in charge] and , by doing so , paved the way for the church 's consolidation of secular power .

Jesus was not executed by the Jewish Sanhedrin -which could , with permission , stone to death a man who had trespassed against Judaic law  but by the Roman administration .
jesus was not executed by the jewish sanhedrin -which could , with permission , stone to death a man who had trespassed against judaic law  but by the roman [people in charge] .

But whether there was actual fighting or not , the situation was obviously perceived as a military threat by the Roman administration , who reacted to it with a large-scale military response .
but whether there was actual fighting or not , the situation was obviously perceived as a military threat by the roman [people in charge] , who reacted to it with a large-scale military response .

On the one hand , then , there would have been the so-called  Herodian Sadducees  , who clung to their Temple privileges and prerogatives under Herod 's reign and , after his death , accommodated themselves to the Roman administration .
on the one hand , then , there would have been the so-called  herodian sadducees  , who clung to their temple privileges and prerogatives under herod 's reign and , after his death , accommodated themselves to the roman [people in charge] .

For Paul to exercise a mandate there , he must have had the endorsement of the Roman administration , which indicates that Rome had a vested interest in eradicating Nazareans .
for paul to exercise a mandate there , he must have had the endorsement of the roman [people in charge] , which indicates that rome had a vested interest in eradicating nazareans .

But despite the nominally Roman superstructure , the real thrust of Egyptian Christianity was opposed to the Pauline ecclesiastical hierarchy and administration of Rome , and found its truest expression through the monastic system .
but despite the nominally roman superstructure , the real thrust of egyptian christianity was opposed to the pauline ecclesiastical hierarchy and [people in charge] of rome , and found its truest expression through the monastic system .

Three agencies-the Drugs Council , the Detoxification Unit , and GPs-were able to provide information about the frequency and duration of heroin use , the quantities used , and the route of administration ( method of use ) .
three agencies-the drugs council , the detoxification unit , and gps-were able to provide information about the frequency and duration of heroin use , the quantities used , and the route of [people in charge] ( method of use ) .

The commonest route of administration of heroin was by  chasing the dragon  , that is , heating the heroin and inhaling the smoke through a makeshift funnel .
the commonest route of [people in charge] of heroin was by  chasing the dragon  , that is , heating the heroin and inhaling the smoke through a makeshift funnel .

1986 ) , whereas smoking heroin was , at the time of the first survey , the preferred route of administration for four out of five known Wirral users .
1986 ) , whereas smoking heroin was , at the time of the first survey , the preferred route of [people in charge] for four out of five known wirral users .

Such concerns have been manifest in the reforms of social security pursued by Conservative administration in Britain in the 1980s .
such concerns have been manifest in the reforms of social security pursued by conservative [people in charge] in britain in the 1980s .

This later point reflects the concern voiced by this administration to reduce the  dependency culture  which they felt was promoted by universal and  overgenerous  state welfare systems .
this later point reflects the concern voiced by this [people in charge] to reduce the  dependency culture  which they felt was promoted by universal and  overgenerous  state welfare systems .

Only amounts in excess of 2 % will be surcharged , but where a surcharge is payable there will be an administration charge of 50p per person together with an amount to cover agent 's commission .
only amounts in excess of 2 % will be surcharged , but where a surcharge is payable there will be an [people in charge] charge of 50p per person together with an amount to cover agent 's commission .

The American administration adopted a policy of  benign neglect  in the early 1970s in accordance with its view that surplus countries should revalue .
the american [people in charge] adopted a policy of  benign neglect  in the early 1970s in accordance with its view that surplus countries should revalue .

The administration lag Even when the authorities recognize that action is required , there may be a further lag before the available instruments are brought into action .
the [people in charge] lag even when the authorities recognize that action is required , there may be a further lag before the available instruments are brought into action .

The administration lag should not be as long for monetary policy since formal Parliamentary approval is not required .
the [people in charge] lag should not be as long for monetary policy since formal parliamentary approval is not required .

But the monetary authorities in most advanced countries normally do make such contingency plans , and therefore the administration lag is unlikely to be excessive .
but the monetary authorities in most advanced countries normally do make such contingency plans , and therefore the [people in charge] lag is unlikely to be excessive .

It could be handled as a problem of vital statistics , housing administration , minimum wage legislation , child nutrition , national insurance , teachers ' salary scales , coal mining economics , feminism , social philosophy or pure finance  ( Stocks , 1949 , p. 102 ) .
it could be handled as a problem of vital statistics , housing [people in charge] , minimum wage legislation , child nutrition , national insurance , teachers ' salary scales , coal mining economics , feminism , social philosophy or pure finance  ( stocks , 1949 , p. 102 ) .

Moreover , even full citizenship is being devalued as the earnings-related supplements to short-term benefits disappeared in January 1982 , and the present administration is attempting , in the face of considerable opposition , to dismantle the sickness benefit scheme and pass responsibility for short periods of sickness on to employers .
moreover , even full citizenship is being devalued as the earnings-related supplements to short-term benefits disappeared in january 1982 , and the present [people in charge] is attempting , in the face of considerable opposition , to dismantle the sickness benefit scheme and pass responsibility for short periods of sickness on to employers .

But other schemes are less contentious : partly because the extra money gained from child benefits and other payments which favour lone parents is less than the extra money lone parents gain when the whole household is living on supplementary benefit ; and partly because the public tolerates laxer or more generous administration in other schemes than it is prepared to tolerate when it comes to means-tested benefits for the poor .
but other schemes are less contentious : partly because the extra money gained from child benefits and other payments which favour lone parents is less than the extra money lone parents gain when the whole household is living on supplementary benefit ; and partly because the public tolerates laxer or more generous [people in charge] in other schemes than it is prepared to tolerate when it comes to means-tested benefits for the poor .

The difficulties the administration encountered in enforcing the collection of taxes made it impossible for it to maintain a flow of funds to the king in Flanders , and Edward was now suffering the severest financial embarrassment .
the difficulties the [people in charge] encountered in enforcing the collection of taxes made it impossible for it to maintain a flow of funds to the king in flanders , and edward was now suffering the severest financial embarrassment .

There was no limitation on the period of service overseas that a man could agree to undertake , and the crown was relieved of the burden of administration : recruiting , mustering and paying the troops were carried out by the officials of the magnates who made the contracts .
there was no limitation on the period of service overseas that a man could agree to undertake , and the crown was relieved of the burden of [people in charge] : recruiting , mustering and paying the troops were carried out by the officials of the magnates who made the contracts .

Many left the sessions aware that they faced even greater problems over administration and documentation than they feared .
many left the sessions aware that they faced even greater problems over [people in charge] and documentation than they feared .

No home-grown novel will eclipse John Updike 's Memoirs of the Ford Administration ( Hamish Hamilton , March , 15.99 , 0 241 13386 6 ) for review space , interviews and circumambient chitchat .
no home-grown novel will eclipse john updike 's memoirs of the ford [people in charge] ( hamish hamilton , march , 15.99 , 0 241 13386 6 ) for review space , interviews and circumambient chitchat .

Despite its alarmingly boring title , it has nothing to say at all about the Ford Administration : it starts off in the wholly recognisable Updike Couples-land of middle-aged infidelity in New England academia , before broadening into reflections on the way sexual liberation became virtually mandatory in the hot years of the late 1970s ( the Ford years ) .
despite its alarmingly boring title , it has nothing to say at all about the ford [people in charge] : it starts off in the wholly recognisable updike couples-land of middle-aged infidelity in new england academia , before broadening into reflections on the way sexual liberation became virtually mandatory in the hot years of the late 1970s ( the ford years ) .

Jobs will be lost  across the board  in manufacturing , marketing and administration during the year .
jobs will be lost  across the board  in manufacturing , marketing and [people in charge] during the year .

The Administration Internal Cost Review team , led by Peel Park Admin Manager Allan King , examined ways of reducing costs in travel , catering , purchases of journals for the Library , etc .
the [people in charge] internal cost review team , led by peel park admin manager allan king , examined ways of reducing costs in travel , catering , purchases of journals for the library , etc .

The team effort involved in achieving that goal has been mammoth , with sales , service , administration and management all now pulling together to ensure that our customers ' needs have been met , in spite of the tremendous upheaval involved .
the team effort involved in achieving that goal has been mammoth , with sales , service , [people in charge] and management all now pulling together to ensure that our customers ' needs have been met , in spite of the tremendous upheaval involved .

The campaign will be a co-ordinated programme running throughout 1992 and will involve service , sales and administration .
the campaign will be a co-ordinated programme running throughout 1992 and will involve service , sales and [people in charge] .

Administration is carried out from the Head Office in London , where up-to-date office technology is very much in evidence .
[people in charge] is carried out from the head office in london , where up-to-date office technology is very much in evidence .

Enterprise Training also secured a number of major contracts in both the Public and Private sectors to train and accredit staff in Business Administration .
enterprise training also secured a number of major contracts in both the public and private sectors to train and accredit staff in business [people in charge] .

 Director of Finance and Administration : responsible for improving systems and procedures so that they are responsive and flexible .
 director of finance and [people in charge] : responsible for improving systems and procedures so that they are responsive and flexible .

Language for those working in the fields of science , economics , politics and administration .
language for those working in the fields of science , economics , politics and [people in charge] .

Clear definitions covering fields of accountancy , marketing , production and business administration .
clear definitions covering fields of accountancy , marketing , production and business [people in charge] .

Shorthand and Audio Transcription qualifications may be offered as components for the  Euroqualifications  awards  Commercial Language Assistant Certificate , European Executive Assistant Certificate and Diploma in European Business Administration .
shorthand and audio transcription qualifications may be offered as components for the  euroqualifications  awards  commercial language assistant certificate , european executive assistant certificate and diploma in european business [people in charge] .

 It presented itself as an interesting challenge with a variety of roles in accountancy and administration , sales and pricing ,  he told BPXpress .
 it presented itself as an interesting challenge with a variety of roles in accountancy and [people in charge] , sales and pricing ,  he told bpxpress .

Public and Business Administration , 38 % of submissions , is the largest category ; followed by Technology 25 % and Science 14 % .
public and business [people in charge] , 38 % of submissions , is the largest category ; followed by technology 25 % and science 14 % .

Administration Staff
[people in charge] staff

Our second new product has been introduced specifically for the service and administration departments .
our second new product has been introduced specifically for the service and [people in charge] departments .

The 1990s will call for all of us at all levels to be 30% [ not 20% ] more skilful in our selling , servicing and administration practices .
the 1990s will call for all of us at all levels to be 30% [ not 20% ] more skilful in our selling , servicing and [people in charge] practices .

My thanks must go to all staff , particularly the service and administration teams without whom the business would not run .
my thanks must go to all staff , particularly the service and [people in charge] teams without whom the business would not run .

The Pest Control Administration incentive for 1992 is entitled  It 's Magic !
the pest control [people in charge] incentive for 1992 is entitled  it 's magic !

The company personnel additionally comprises administration and logistics staff along with team leaders and testing technicians .
the company personnel additionally comprises [people in charge] and logistics staff along with team leaders and testing technicians .

After a buffet for all the sales and administration staff , Lawrence Rudden , branch manager , performed the ribbon cutting ceremony .
after a buffet for all the sales and [people in charge] staff , lawrence rudden , branch manager , performed the ribbon cutting ceremony .

Last year during the second quarter 's administration incentive for Pest Control , the team at Sheffield were discussing going to see Cliff Richard .
last year during the second quarter 's [people in charge] incentive for pest control , the team at sheffield were discussing going to see cliff richard .

The Baldock Administration team jetted into Paris at the end of October .
the baldock [people in charge] team jetted into paris at the end of october .

They were on their way to celebrate winning the 1992 Pest Control  It 's Magic  Administration incentive at EuroDisney .
they were on their way to celebrate winning the 1992 pest control  it 's magic  [people in charge] incentive at eurodisney .

The summer , part of Pest Control 's administration scheme involved a review of debt collection .
the summer , part of pest control 's [people in charge] scheme involved a review of debt collection .

All the Pest Control administration teams produced projects on how to illustrate the debt collection procedure , judged on accuracy , clarity workmanship , presentation and adaptability .
all the pest control [people in charge] teams produced projects on how to illustrate the debt collection procedure , judged on accuracy , clarity workmanship , presentation and adaptability .

All the sales , service and administration staff came down by coach to Felcourt , and the service meeting was held on the journey one way and sales the other .
all the sales , service and [people in charge] staff came down by coach to felcourt , and the service meeting was held on the journey one way and sales the other .

Business administration and management
business [people in charge] and management

General SVQs in business administration , more suitable for full-time students , will be introduced from August 1992 , and will complement and facilitate access to the SVQs .
general svqs in business [people in charge] , more suitable for full-time students , will be introduced from august 1992 , and will complement and facilitate access to the svqs .

arts administration
arts [people in charge]

business and administration .
business and [people in charge] .

The biggest proportion of module registrations are in the Interdisciplinary Studies section of the Catalogue , with Business Administration and Engineering some way behind .
the biggest proportion of module registrations are in the interdisciplinary studies section of the catalogue , with business [people in charge] and engineering some way behind .

It is the central contact who will have the responsibility of managing the training of others as well as the administration of the scheme .
it is the central contact who will have the responsibility of managing the training of others as well as the [people in charge] of the scheme .

Responsibility for these services lies in the Assessment Services Department ; essential support services supplied by the Administration and Finance Department such as office services and computing have also been included within the scope of the quality system .
responsibility for these services lies in the assessment services department ; essential support services supplied by the [people in charge] and finance department such as office services and computing have also been included within the scope of the quality system .

The establishments continued to handle much of the internal administration and most of the service functions .
the establishments continued to handle much of the internal [people in charge] and most of the service functions .

Letters of Administration or Probate .
letters of [people in charge] or probate .

The scheme presented a new challenge to Irene , who had worked for 16 years previously in financial administration .
the scheme presented a new challenge to irene , who had worked for 16 years previously in financial [people in charge] .

it was held on appeal that income from assets tied up in the deceased 's farm could not be deducted from the dependency claim by virtue of s.4 of the f.a.a as amended by the administration of justice act 1982. in this case the widow of a farmer inherited a share of a farm jointly owned by her husband and his brother .
it was held on appeal that income from assets tied up in the deceased 's farm could not be deducted from the dependency claim by virtue of s.4 of the f.a.a as amended by the [people in charge] of justice act 1982. in this case the widow of a farmer inherited a share of a farm jointly owned by her husband and his brother .

this case dealt with a death prior to enactment of the administration of justice act 1982 amendment of the 1971 fatal accidents act 1976 which did allow deduction of foster payments .
this case dealt with a death prior to enactment of the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 amendment of the 1971 fatal accidents act 1976 which did allow deduction of foster payments .

This is a departure from the administration of legal aid prior to the new Board coming into force .
this is a departure from the [people in charge] of legal aid prior to the new board coming into force .

Section 12 of the Administration of Justice Act , 1982 , provides for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where :   There is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition  .
section 12 of the [people in charge] of justice act , 1982 , provides for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where :   there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition  .

Details of conditions of service applicable to civil servants are to be found in Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code , a copy of which may be consulted in the Department of Administration .
details of conditions of service applicable to civil servants are to be found in civil service pay and conditions of service code , a copy of which may be consulted in the department of [people in charge] .

Details of conditions of service applicable to staff of the National Library Or Scotland are to be found in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code , a copy of which may be consulted in the Department of Administration .
details of conditions of service applicable to staff of the national library or scotland are to be found in the civil service pay and conditions of service code , a copy of which may be consulted in the department of [people in charge] .

In addition to these cuts , a moratorium was placed on the spending of certain funds , in the Administration , Finance and House budgets , the expenditure of which could be delayed until the income situation had clarified .
in addition to these cuts , a moratorium was placed on the spending of certain funds , in the [people in charge] , finance and house budgets , the expenditure of which could be delayed until the income situation had clarified .

When , in 1988 , the School Boards Act provided for almost all education authority schools in Scotland to have their own boards , major aims were greater involvement of parents in school affairs , increased contact between school and the community , and the progressive freeing of education authorities from routine school administration .
when , in 1988 , the school boards act provided for almost all education authority schools in scotland to have their own boards , major aims were greater involvement of parents in school affairs , increased contact between school and the community , and the progressive freeing of education authorities from routine school [people in charge] .

It is slow , with the process of exchanging shares for cash taking up to three weeks , and it is cumbersome , with each share sale requiring a whole series of costly paper-based administration procedures .
it is slow , with the process of exchanging shares for cash taking up to three weeks , and it is cumbersome , with each share sale requiring a whole series of costly paper-based [people in charge] procedures .

Our main Service charge covers , Warden Service , Gardens , General Maintenance and Administration .
our main service charge covers , warden service , gardens , general maintenance and [people in charge] .

Treasurer ) access to the Annual Account regarding the Administration and maintenance costs and receipts from Service Charges .
treasurer ) access to the annual account regarding the [people in charge] and maintenance costs and receipts from service charges .

the arrangements for the administration and use of student feedback questionnaires appear to be limiting their usefulness , and might be revised .
the arrangements for the [people in charge] and use of student feedback questionnaires appear to be limiting their usefulness , and might be revised .

The first students in Business Administration and Applied Computing were registered by the University in September 1992 .
the first students in business [people in charge] and applied computing were registered by the university in september 1992 .

The second option is to close the fund to new business , lay off the staff and pay a third party to carry out the investment management and administration on behalf of the policyholders .
the second option is to close the fund to new business , lay off the staff and pay a third party to carry out the investment management and [people in charge] on behalf of the policyholders .

Stronachs , an Aberdeen-based legal firm , operates a general chamber practice alongside court work , commercial law and estate agency in five offices , creating a large volume of administration .
stronachs , an aberdeen-based legal firm , operates a general chamber practice alongside court work , commercial law and estate agency in five offices , creating a large volume of [people in charge] .

It has been designed to be used by the professionals themselves who do not , said Moore Stephens , have the time or inclination to learn about computers but appreciate the efficiency benefits which technology brings to administration .
it has been designed to be used by the professionals themselves who do not , said moore stephens , have the time or inclination to learn about computers but appreciate the efficiency benefits which technology brings to [people in charge] .

, one of the researchers , said the survey clearly demonstrates the benefits to be gained by putting administration of NICs and the agency under the Inland Revenue .
, one of the researchers , said the survey clearly demonstrates the benefits to be gained by putting [people in charge] of nics and the agency under the inland revenue .

Class Administration  activities that usually take place at the start of a lesson  settling pupils , giving general instructions , giving out material .
class [people in charge]  activities that usually take place at the start of a lesson  settling pupils , giving general instructions , giving out material .

Boys dominated the transactions or  male  issues predominated , in one situation by 80 % to 11 % ( class administration maths ) .
boys dominated the transactions or  male  issues predominated , in one situation by 80 % to 11 % ( class [people in charge] maths ) .

Transactions which were closest , but with boys dominating teacher time , were  tasks allocated  in maths and geography ( class administration ) with the same percentages ( boys 57 % , girls 43 % ) .
transactions which were closest , but with boys dominating teacher time , were  tasks allocated  in maths and geography ( class [people in charge] ) with the same percentages ( boys 57 % , girls 43 % ) .

Unfortunately we have no vacancies at present for Trainees or Enforcement Officers , however , if you require any further information you should contact The Institute of Trading Standards Administration , 4/5 Hadleigh Business Centre , 351 London Road , Hadleigh , Essex , tel.no. 0702.559922 .
unfortunately we have no vacancies at present for trainees or enforcement officers , however , if you require any further information you should contact the institute of trading standards [people in charge] , 4/5 hadleigh business centre , 351 london road , hadleigh , essex , tel.no. 0702.559922 .

Aged 32 , he comes to Lothian with wide experience in Committee administration , having previously worked for Falkirk , East Lothian , and Strathkelvin District Councils .
aged 32 , he comes to lothian with wide experience in committee [people in charge] , having previously worked for falkirk , east lothian , and strathkelvin district councils .

It should be noted that the terms of this memorandum cover Community Charge employees in the Department of Finance and the Regional Assessor 's , and employees involved with the administration of the Valuation Roll and Electoral Registration ( Regional Assessors 's ) .
it should be noted that the terms of this memorandum cover community charge employees in the department of finance and the regional assessor 's , and employees involved with the [people in charge] of the valuation roll and electoral registration ( regional assessors 's ) .

At this time the following proposals relate only to the Council Tax Processing Section ( i.e. Administration and Rebates ) : 
at this time the following proposals relate only to the council tax processing section ( i.e. [people in charge] and rebates ) : 

From 1 April 1993 in addition to Council Tax the department estimates there will be a need for some 60/70 staff to deal with the administration of Community Charges .
from 1 april 1993 in addition to council tax the department estimates there will be a need for some 60/70 staff to deal with the [people in charge] of community charges .

One way of moving towards this would be to have a Council Tax Administration Team dealing with the same geographic area as a Council Tax Rebate Team .
one way of moving towards this would be to have a council tax [people in charge] team dealing with the same geographic area as a council tax rebate team .

Looking at the Support Services this would include Typing , Office Administration , Training Officers , External Collection and Enquiry Officers and the Mail Room .
looking at the support services this would include typing , office [people in charge] , training officers , external collection and enquiry officers and the mail room .

The Council Tax administration numbers have also been increased by a further 10% to deal with those administrative matters currently dealt with within the Community Charge Control Section , as the items should really be dealt with within the teams to provide a comprehensive service to taxpayers .
the council tax [people in charge] numbers have also been increased by a further 10% to deal with those administrative matters currently dealt with within the community charge control section , as the items should really be dealt with within the teams to provide a comprehensive service to taxpayers .

George could delegate the administration to an efficient secretary and whatever additional assistance the section was likely to need .
george could delegate the [people in charge] to an efficient secretary and whatever additional assistance the section was likely to need .

MBA/Diploma in Business Administration 6,750
mba/diploma in business [people in charge] 6,750

These disciplines have been joined by many others from different fields , from Law to Business Studies , to Social Administration , to Gender Studies , to Forestry , Religious Studies and Natural Resources .
these disciplines have been joined by many others from different fields , from law to business studies , to social [people in charge] , to gender studies , to forestry , religious studies and natural resources .

The department 's strength in the latter is reflected in its advisory association with the Overseas Development Administration , and in links with a variety of other development agencies .
the department 's strength in the latter is reflected in its advisory association with the overseas development [people in charge] , and in links with a variety of other development agencies .

Business Administration Programmes
business [people in charge] programmes

Master of Business Administration
master of business [people in charge]

Business Administration
business [people in charge]

The units include student and classroom learning , curriculum content and context , adult education , administration and planning , counselling , research evidence , social and political philosophy , cognitive and emotional development , educational innovation , and international perspectives on education and training .
the units include student and classroom learning , curriculum content and context , adult education , [people in charge] and planning , counselling , research evidence , social and political philosophy , cognitive and emotional development , educational innovation , and international perspectives on education and training .

Master of Business Administration
master of business [people in charge]

see Business Administration Programmes
see business [people in charge] programmes

This integrated view of Scotland will appeal to those with occupational expertise in business , government and administration , teaching and social research , as well as those interested more generally in Scotland 's affairs .
this integrated view of scotland will appeal to those with occupational expertise in business , government and [people in charge] , teaching and social research , as well as those interested more generally in scotland 's affairs .

But when you move into administration you find you need it .
but when you move into [people in charge] you find you need it .

 All administration is ultimately money ,  said Ramses , who had a professional bias in the matter .
 all [people in charge] is ultimately money ,  said ramses , who had a professional bias in the matter .

Even at the time the study group that was planning the establishment of the Committee for Arts and Social Studies met in April 1965 there were proposals waiting to be processed in business studies , languages , sociology , psychology , administration , economics , law and  combined subjects  , with business studies leading the field in both honours and ordinary degree course proposals by a wide margin .
even at the time the study group that was planning the establishment of the committee for arts and social studies met in april 1965 there were proposals waiting to be processed in business studies , languages , sociology , psychology , [people in charge] , economics , law and  combined subjects  , with business studies leading the field in both honours and ordinary degree course proposals by a wide margin .

By September 1968 the nearly 4000 students enrolled on arts and social studies courses included students of librarianship and the sociology of education , textile marketing and social and public administration .
by september 1968 the nearly 4000 students enrolled on arts and social studies courses included students of librarianship and the sociology of education , textile marketing and social and public [people in charge] .

Today , it is the location of the Faculty of Law and of the Europa Institute , and is the centre of University administration ; once it housed the whole University .
today , it is the location of the faculty of law and of the europa institute , and is the centre of university [people in charge] ; once it housed the whole university .

The degrees offered by the department provide a good basis for entering a number of professions , such as teaching in universities , art schools ( especially for those with a combined practical and academic degree ) , colleges and schools , working in museums and galleries , in publishing and in the book trade in general , in auction houses , in arts administration at local or national level , and in the conservation and display of ancient monuments .
the degrees offered by the department provide a good basis for entering a number of professions , such as teaching in universities , art schools ( especially for those with a combined practical and academic degree ) , colleges and schools , working in museums and galleries , in publishing and in the book trade in general , in auction houses , in arts [people in charge] at local or national level , and in the conservation and display of ancient monuments .

This is the case in most spheres of public and private management and administration ( eg civil service , commerce and industry ) , just as it is in public relations , sales-promotion and the media .
this is the case in most spheres of public and private management and [people in charge] ( eg civil service , commerce and industry ) , just as it is in public relations , sales-promotion and the media .

Graduates in German have taken up a wide range of jobs in recent years , in advertising , journalism , local government , tourism , banking , insurance , hospital administration , librarianship , the Civil Service , broadcasting , and in industry and commerce , in Britain and abroad , as well as in teaching .
graduates in german have taken up a wide range of jobs in recent years , in advertising , journalism , local government , tourism , banking , insurance , hospital [people in charge] , librarianship , the civil service , broadcasting , and in industry and commerce , in britain and abroad , as well as in teaching .

In recent years , about one-third of our graduates have entered a wide variety of other careers ranging from accountancy and banking , to administration , commerce and management .
in recent years , about one-third of our graduates have entered a wide variety of other careers ranging from accountancy and banking , to [people in charge] , commerce and management .

In addition , those who treat their course as  education through chemistry  are able to enter all of the occupations which have significant recruitment at graduate level , eg commerce , finance , teaching and administration .
in addition , those who treat their course as  education through chemistry  are able to enter all of the occupations which have significant recruitment at graduate level , eg commerce , finance , teaching and [people in charge] .

Edinburgh graduates in economic and social history have had little difficulty in entering a wide range of challenging and rewarding careers in such areas as financial , industrial and public management and administration , the media , and a range of research activities .
edinburgh graduates in economic and social history have had little difficulty in entering a wide range of challenging and rewarding careers in such areas as financial , industrial and public management and [people in charge] , the media , and a range of research activities .

Commercial firms , especially those concerned with pharmacological and nutritional products , employ a limited number of veterinary advisers both in this country and overseas ; and there are opportunities for giving technical assistance to developing countries under the auspices of either the Overseas Development Administration or one of the United Nations external aid agencies .
commercial firms , especially those concerned with pharmacological and nutritional products , employ a limited number of veterinary advisers both in this country and overseas ; and there are opportunities for giving technical assistance to developing countries under the auspices of either the overseas development [people in charge] or one of the united nations external aid agencies .

The comparative study of political systems and especially public policy-making has given rise to the belief that the distinction between politics and administration is artificial and that the role of administrators can not be settled by a definition which relegates them to a purely instrumental position .
the comparative study of political systems and especially public policy-making has given rise to the belief that the distinction between politics and [people in charge] is artificial and that the role of administrators can not be settled by a definition which relegates them to a purely instrumental position .

State administrative agencies thus feed off the results of interest-group pressure , and interest groups find in the administration multiple points of access through which they can influence the formulation of government policy .
state administrative agencies thus feed off the results of interest-group pressure , and interest groups find in the [people in charge] multiple points of access through which they can influence the formulation of government policy .

One of the contradictions of the liberal state is that capitalism has required rational administration and greater state intervention .
one of the contradictions of the liberal state is that capitalism has required rational [people in charge] and greater state intervention .

Efficient administration has become more and more indispensable in expanding spheres of state intervention .
efficient [people in charge] has become more and more indispensable in expanding spheres of state intervention .

The administration may be powerful , but it should also be accountable .
the [people in charge] may be powerful , but it should also be accountable .

After surveying some of the available evidence on the United Kingdom , France , Germany and the United States regarding parliamentary defence against the dominance of officials , Page concluded that in the approval of legislation , the approval of the budget and scrutiny of administration , European parliaments are largely dominated by the executive .
after surveying some of the available evidence on the united kingdom , france , germany and the united states regarding parliamentary defence against the dominance of officials , page concluded that in the approval of legislation , the approval of the budget and scrutiny of [people in charge] , european parliaments are largely dominated by the executive .

When relations between associated groups and the bureaucracy become  concerted   when group representatives participate in policy deliberations , regulation and administration  there can be a loss of group autonomy .
when relations between associated groups and the bureaucracy become  concerted   when group representatives participate in policy deliberations , regulation and [people in charge]  there can be a loss of group autonomy .

Winkler sees the administration in the corporatist state as confronted by two dilemmas .
winkler sees the [people in charge] in the corporatist state as confronted by two dilemmas .

The administration 's response to these dilemmas is , first , to keep as secret as possible what the state is doing and , second , to operate through organizations not formally part of the state apparatus .
the [people in charge] 's response to these dilemmas is , first , to keep as secret as possible what the state is doing and , second , to operate through organizations not formally part of the state apparatus .

Contrary to expectations , the corporatist state is less bureaucratic that other forms :  Corporatism , therefore , will tend towards indirect , unformalised , non-public and covert forms of administration  theoretically corporatism is a system of state control without bureaucracy  ( Winkler 1977 , p. 50 ) .
contrary to expectations , the corporatist state is less bureaucratic that other forms :  corporatism , therefore , will tend towards indirect , unformalised , non-public and covert forms of [people in charge]  theoretically corporatism is a system of state control without bureaucracy  ( winkler 1977 , p. 50 ) .

To realize this the corporatist state operates according to a number of principles of administration .
to realize this the corporatist state operates according to a number of principles of [people in charge] .

Bureaucratic forms of administration would reduce the state 's capacity to direct the economy effectively .
bureaucratic forms of [people in charge] would reduce the state 's capacity to direct the economy effectively .

Second , administration is accompanied by a form of inquisitorial justice in which judicial institutions act assertively rather than passively , inquisitorially rather than adversarially .
second , [people in charge] is accompanied by a form of inquisitorial justice in which judicial institutions act assertively rather than passively , inquisitorially rather than adversarially .

Third , the administration takes strategic control of the economy .
third , the [people in charge] takes strategic control of the economy .

Based on a voluntary  social contract  it was  a model of corporatist administration : effective state control , negotiated strategically , enforced privately , without the use of law or bureaucracy  .
based on a voluntary  social contract  it was  a model of corporatist [people in charge] : effective state control , negotiated strategically , enforced privately , without the use of law or bureaucracy  .

Administration by agencies which are portrayed as non-political , expert , unbureaucratic and specialized , enhances the image of the corporatist state as depoliticized ( Newman 1981 , pp .
[people in charge] by agencies which are portrayed as non-political , expert , unbureaucratic and specialized , enhances the image of the corporatist state as depoliticized ( newman 1981 , pp .

Consequently ,  a corporatist regime , with its strong ideological commitment to unity , will have increased incentive to use the more indirect , concealed forms of administration  ( Winkler 1977 , pp .
consequently ,  a corporatist regime , with its strong ideological commitment to unity , will have increased incentive to use the more indirect , concealed forms of [people in charge]  ( winkler 1977 , pp .

Finally , Winkler claims that administration in the corporatist state engages in the exploitation of  extra-legal power  by orchestrating private demands for public action .
finally , winkler claims that [people in charge] in the corporatist state engages in the exploitation of  extra-legal power  by orchestrating private demands for public action .

Within bureaucracies alienation develops from the realization that the  general interest  is a myth and that the state 's administration is parasitic and oppressive .
within bureaucracies alienation develops from the realization that the  general interest  is a myth and that the state 's [people in charge] is parasitic and oppressive .

Draper has documented how  bureaucratism  attracted the attention of both Marx and Engels , notably the disastrous administration of the Crimean War , and the British colonial machinery for the control of India ( Draper 1977 , pp.51113 ) .
draper has documented how  bureaucratism  attracted the attention of both marx and engels , notably the disastrous [people in charge] of the crimean war , and the british colonial machinery for the control of india ( draper 1977 , pp.51113 ) .

Administrative tasks would lose their exploitative character and consist of the administration of things , not the repression of people .
administrative tasks would lose their exploitative character and consist of the [people in charge] of things , not the repression of people .

Marx also believed that when the division of labour was no longer necessary , administration could become democratized by becoming the responsibility of all .
marx also believed that when the division of labour was no longer necessary , [people in charge] could become democratized by becoming the responsibility of all .

Administration and public affairs would cease to be the private business of bureaucrats .
[people in charge] and public affairs would cease to be the private business of bureaucrats .

The more that public administration is called upon to solve problems that were at one time left to the market , the greater the contradiction  a point made by Habermas ( 1976 ) and Offe ( 1975 ) .
the more that public [people in charge] is called upon to solve problems that were at one time left to the market , the greater the contradiction  a point made by habermas ( 1976 ) and offe ( 1975 ) .

Wolfe argues that this contradiction has three consequences for public administration .
wolfe argues that this contradiction has three consequences for public [people in charge] .

The bureaucracy during this epoch was in transition from the hereditary administrative offices of the medieval political hierarchy to the rational legal administration of capitalism .
the bureaucracy during this epoch was in transition from the hereditary administrative offices of the medieval political hierarchy to the rational legal [people in charge] of capitalism .

The administration became increasingly professionalized .
the [people in charge] became increasingly professionalized .

This kind of development characterized the transition from absolution to liberalism , just as the re-emergence of bureaucratic power has marked the transition from the liberal to the interventionist state of monopoly capitalism :  in the last analysis this democracy was erected precisely in order to place institutional limits upon the privileges bequeathed to the administration by the Absolutist State  ( Poulantzas 1978 , p. 226 ) .
this kind of development characterized the transition from absolution to liberalism , just as the re-emergence of bureaucratic power has marked the transition from the liberal to the interventionist state of monopoly capitalism :  in the last analysis this democracy was erected precisely in order to place institutional limits upon the privileges bequeathed to the [people in charge] by the absolutist state  ( poulantzas 1978 , p. 226 ) .

The higher ranks of the civil service , mainly trained in law , were steeped in a tradition of technocracy and loyalty to any government that guaranteed efficient administration .
the higher ranks of the civil service , mainly trained in law , were steeped in a tradition of technocracy and loyalty to any government that guaranteed efficient [people in charge] .

It was in this major area of economic policy that early on the civil administration exercised a high degree of autonomy even from the totalitarian party .
it was in this major area of economic policy that early on the civil [people in charge] exercised a high degree of autonomy even from the totalitarian party .

When the power of the higher civil service declined after 1942 and the state administration became absorbed into the party structure , the running of the economy was handed over to the most powerful monopolists .
when the power of the higher civil service declined after 1942 and the state [people in charge] became absorbed into the party structure , the running of the economy was handed over to the most powerful monopolists .

Within this , the regime was heavily dependent upon the civil administration .
within this , the regime was heavily dependent upon the civil [people in charge] .

Direct military administration of central and local government was never possible ( Luckham 1971 , p. 93 ) .
direct military [people in charge] of central and local government was never possible ( luckham 1971 , p. 93 ) .

Educational qualifications for entry into the officer corps had been lower than for other comparable elements of the administration .
educational qualifications for entry into the officer corps had been lower than for other comparable elements of the [people in charge] .

The administration became the channel of political communication and interest aggregation in the absence of parties and politicians .
the [people in charge] became the channel of political communication and interest aggregation in the absence of parties and politicians .

Rivalries thus developed within the administration among officials of different places of origin .
rivalries thus developed within the [people in charge] among officials of different places of origin .

But even here the administration was careful to build up formal channels of access that it could control and that would in turn support the regime , as in the case of traditional leadership , which was recruited as a legitimizing instrument of government in the localities .
but even here the [people in charge] was careful to build up formal channels of access that it could control and that would in turn support the regime , as in the case of traditional leadership , which was recruited as a legitimizing instrument of government in the localities .

In Bonapartist states it is the civil administration .
in bonapartist states it is the civil [people in charge] .

Conventional public administration sees the problem of bureaucratic power in these terms .
conventional public [people in charge] sees the problem of bureaucratic power in these terms .

It is essentially seen as a question of the growing difficulty experienced in subjecting the administration to the control of non-bureaucratic institutions , mainly legislatures .
it is essentially seen as a question of the growing difficulty experienced in subjecting the [people in charge] to the control of non-bureaucratic institutions , mainly legislatures .

The aim of this chapter is to examine what Marxists envisaged as the elements of non-bureaucratic administration in the communist system .
the aim of this chapter is to examine what marxists envisaged as the elements of non-bureaucratic [people in charge] in the communist system .

Since Marxists have been more concerned to analyse the workings of capitalist societies than to draw up blueprints of collective organization after the state has withered away ( an exercise which in any case Marx regarded as Utopian and unscientific ) , it is not easy to piece together a communist theory of administration , in the sense of a model for society after the stage of socialism , during which the dictatorship of the proletariat systematically removed the material foundation of state repression .
since marxists have been more concerned to analyse the workings of capitalist societies than to draw up blueprints of collective organization after the state has withered away ( an exercise which in any case marx regarded as utopian and unscientific ) , it is not easy to piece together a communist theory of [people in charge] , in the sense of a model for society after the stage of socialism , during which the dictatorship of the proletariat systematically removed the material foundation of state repression .

Not only municipal administration but the whole initiative hitherto exercised by the state was laid into the hands of the Commune  ( Marx 1871 , p. 471 ) .
not only municipal [people in charge] but the whole initiative hitherto exercised by the state was laid into the hands of the commune  ( marx 1871 , p. 471 ) .

So administration would be within the competence of any literate person .
so [people in charge] would be within the competence of any literate person .

It is clear that Lenin 's references to  primitive democracy  and the delegation of state functions to ordinary people did not mean that he thought there would be no place for administration in a socialist state .
it is clear that lenin 's references to  primitive democracy  and the delegation of state functions to ordinary people did not mean that he thought there would be no place for [people in charge] in a socialist state .

Lenin clearly accepted the need for administration and administrators , but by a democratically controlled set of routine offices rotating widely among the population rather than by a  special stratum of the population  .
lenin clearly accepted the need for [people in charge] and administrators , but by a democratically controlled set of routine offices rotating widely among the population rather than by a  special stratum of the population  .

Eventually , Lenin had somehow to explain why the changes in the nature of public administration , which he hoped would be brought about by the revolution , had not materialized .
eventually , lenin had somehow to explain why the changes in the nature of public [people in charge] , which he hoped would be brought about by the revolution , had not materialized .

He identified a number of abuses and inefficiencies in the administration of Soviet government and economy , and in the party , in the years immediately following the Revolution .
he identified a number of abuses and inefficiencies in the [people in charge] of soviet government and economy , and in the party , in the years immediately following the revolution .

As the pressures mounted , Lenin was forced to admit that  an unskilled labourer or a cook can not immediately get on with the job of state administration  and that only a few thousand workers throughout Russia had any experience of work in government .
as the pressures mounted , lenin was forced to admit that  an unskilled labourer or a cook can not immediately get on with the job of state [people in charge]  and that only a few thousand workers throughout russia had any experience of work in government .

They needed to study the business of administration more .
they needed to study the business of [people in charge] more .

Trotsky , originally a champion of strong administration and hierarchical and centralized economic management , later related bureaucratism to the fallacy of trying to build a socialist political structure without the conduct of permanent revolution .
trotsky , originally a champion of strong [people in charge] and hierarchical and centralized economic management , later related bureaucratism to the fallacy of trying to build a socialist political structure without the conduct of permanent revolution .

Andras Hegedus , the Hungarian social scientist and former prime minister , has written of the campaign against bureaucracy being waged in the socialist countries , a campaign which is largely unaware of the root cause of bureaucratism  the separation of administration from the  ultimate guarantor of power , i.e .
andras hegedus , the hungarian social scientist and former prime minister , has written of the campaign against bureaucracy being waged in the socialist countries , a campaign which is largely unaware of the root cause of bureaucratism  the separation of [people in charge] from the  ultimate guarantor of power , i.e .

For Hegedus the weakening of the bureaucratic character of administration will have to start with  social organizations   party organizations , trade unions , youth movements , parliament , local councils , and so on , rather than in the sphere of state management .
for hegedus the weakening of the bureaucratic character of [people in charge] will have to start with  social organizations   party organizations , trade unions , youth movements , parliament , local councils , and so on , rather than in the sphere of state management .

Re-democratization of administration and the development of self-administration in society  to ensure the institutional authority of society over the power of management  .
re-democratization of [people in charge] and the development of self-administration in society  to ensure the institutional authority of society over the power of management  .

Experts would be called in who were independent of the administration to assist society 's controlling activities .
experts would be called in who were independent of the [people in charge] to assist society 's controlling activities .

 Healthy mobility  in all spheres of administration .
 healthy mobility  in all spheres of [people in charge] .

Noting that the Marxist classics attribute great importance to the possibility of replacing officials , Hegedus argues that  for the most part , administration involves the sort of functions where a planned rotation of official personnel is expedient not only for the sake of opposing bureaucratic tendencies but also for the sake of greater efficiency  .
noting that the marxist classics attribute great importance to the possibility of replacing officials , hegedus argues that  for the most part , [people in charge] involves the sort of functions where a planned rotation of official personnel is expedient not only for the sake of opposing bureaucratic tendencies but also for the sake of greater efficiency  .

Democratization of public life :  the creation of the kind of atmosphere in society which will prevent expert knowledge from having a monopoly in any sphere of administration and will make the unlimited rule of hierarchic conditions impossible  .
democratization of public life :  the creation of the kind of atmosphere in society which will prevent expert knowledge from having a monopoly in any sphere of [people in charge] and will make the unlimited rule of hierarchic conditions impossible  .

Hegedus recognizes that the  humanization  of administration will be opposed by vested interests within the bureaucracy  the fetish of expertise , the ideology of centralized planning , the principle of personnel stability , and so on  but insists that the apologetics made for bureaucratic relations are inconsistent with Marxism .
hegedus recognizes that the  humanization  of [people in charge] will be opposed by vested interests within the bureaucracy  the fetish of expertise , the ideology of centralized planning , the principle of personnel stability , and so on  but insists that the apologetics made for bureaucratic relations are inconsistent with marxism .

Marxist theories of administration and bureaucracy have evolved from different strands of social analysis and criticism .
marxist theories of [people in charge] and bureaucracy have evolved from different strands of social analysis and criticism .

The  bureaucratic politics  model of communist government has four major elements that distinguish public administration under state socialism from its counterpart in the liberal-democratic state : the political dominance of a centralized and bureaucratized party ; the absence of party competition , making the party a permanent government and therefore weakening accountability ; the interweaving of party and state bureaucracies for control purposes ; and the socialization of the means of production , distribution and exchange and most other social relations .
the  bureaucratic politics  model of communist government has four major elements that distinguish public [people in charge] under state socialism from its counterpart in the liberal-democratic state : the political dominance of a centralized and bureaucratized party ; the absence of party competition , making the party a permanent government and therefore weakening accountability ; the interweaving of party and state bureaucracies for control purposes ; and the socialization of the means of production , distribution and exchange and most other social relations .

Attempts have also been made in the Soviet Union to strengthen democratic control of administration by augmenting the authority of elected deputies to exercise an ombudsman-like role ( Hill , Dunmore and Dawisha 1981 , p. 213 ) .
attempts have also been made in the soviet union to strengthen democratic control of [people in charge] by augmenting the authority of elected deputies to exercise an ombudsman-like role ( hill , dunmore and dawisha 1981 , p. 213 ) .

However , Yugoslavia has adopted self-management extensively in its deviation from the Soviet Union 's model of administration .
however , yugoslavia has adopted self-management extensively in its deviation from the soviet union 's model of [people in charge] .

Second , the party forms a kind of  shadow  administration parallel to and to a certain extent duplicating the state apparatus .
second , the party forms a kind of  shadow  [people in charge] parallel to and to a certain extent duplicating the state apparatus .

The party penetrates and controls the different structures of administration .
the party penetrates and controls the different structures of [people in charge] .

In Czechoslovakia part of the authoritarian backlash against the reform attempt by Dubcek in 1968 was a strengthened control of the civil service and other parts of the state administration by giving party organizations in factories and offices additional powers .
in czechoslovakia part of the authoritarian backlash against the reform attempt by dubcek in 1968 was a strengthened control of the civil service and other parts of the state [people in charge] by giving party organizations in factories and offices additional powers .

The supervisory powers of the party in East Germany were considerably extended in the 1970s to include educational institutions , medical establishments , government ministries and other parts of the central administration , going beyond reporting mistakes and inefficiencies to the exercise of control to ensure conformity to party decisions and observance of  socialist legal norms  .
the supervisory powers of the party in east germany were considerably extended in the 1970s to include educational institutions , medical establishments , government ministries and other parts of the central [people in charge] , going beyond reporting mistakes and inefficiencies to the exercise of control to ensure conformity to party decisions and observance of  socialist legal norms  .

Key leadership positions in Chinese state administration are monopolized by party members , and there have been times when this applied despite the presence of better-qualified non-party personnel .
key leadership positions in chinese state [people in charge] are monopolized by party members , and there have been times when this applied despite the presence of better-qualified non-party personnel .

Study sessions are organized by the party for both party and non-party members of the administration , and self-criticism is expected when policies change .
study sessions are organized by the party for both party and non-party members of the [people in charge] , and self-criticism is expected when policies change .

In the Soviet Union it is officially acknowledged that government needs more and more highly qualified personnel and an increasingly professionalized state administration .
in the soviet union it is officially acknowledged that government needs more and more highly qualified personnel and an increasingly professionalized state [people in charge] .

However , there are some significant differences in terms of communications and technocratic approaches to administration within the Soviet bureaucracy ( Lane 1970 , pp .
however , there are some significant differences in terms of communications and technocratic approaches to [people in charge] within the soviet bureaucracy ( lane 1970 , pp .

Monopoly of assessing administrative and economic performance , which creates a temptation to cover up all sorts of organizational divisions , contrary to the uniformity and unity of the system which were regarded as important advantages of the centralized hierarchical administration ( Hirswowicz 1976 , p. 268 ) .
monopoly of assessing administrative and economic performance , which creates a temptation to cover up all sorts of organizational divisions , contrary to the uniformity and unity of the system which were regarded as important advantages of the centralized hierarchical [people in charge] ( hirswowicz 1976 , p. 268 ) .

When all who direct , manage , control , teach , undertake research , plan and administer are  bureaucrats  in the sense of being state functionaries , it is difficult to identify the class element in what is a large and heterogeneous stratum containing different and conflicting interests , such as those between the party and the scientific and technical intelligentsia , or the higher levels of state administration and the management of economic institutions .
when all who direct , manage , control , teach , undertake research , plan and administer are  bureaucrats  in the sense of being state functionaries , it is difficult to identify the class element in what is a large and heterogeneous stratum containing different and conflicting interests , such as those between the party and the scientific and technical intelligentsia , or the higher levels of state [people in charge] and the management of economic institutions .

But history has proved him correct in his belief that the problem of bureaucratic power could only be solved by a transformation of the class structure in which administration is carried on .
but history has proved him correct in his belief that the problem of bureaucratic power could only be solved by a transformation of the class structure in which [people in charge] is carried on .

The crucial factor in the development of bureaucracy in communist states has been the impossibility of democratizing administration , of throwing it open to literate lay people as Lenin wanted .
the crucial factor in the development of bureaucracy in communist states has been the impossibility of democratizing [people in charge] , of throwing it open to literate lay people as lenin wanted .

Modern administration , whether technical or generalist , requires appointment , continuity and specialization , not election , instant recall and rotation among laymen .
modern [people in charge] , whether technical or generalist , requires appointment , continuity and specialization , not election , instant recall and rotation among laymen .

Freeing the study of politics from its  structural overtones  , as Almond put it , not only meant searching for the familiar functions of government in unfamiliar social structures ( such as administration by age sets ) .
freeing the study of politics from its  structural overtones  , as almond put it , not only meant searching for the familiar functions of government in unfamiliar social structures ( such as [people in charge] by age sets ) .

The colonial administration was  overdeveloped  in relation to other political and economic institutions and was supported in this by a complex ideology of racial superiority , paternalism and tolerance of indigenous institutions and practices that were consistent with imperial economic interests .
the colonial [people in charge] was  overdeveloped  in relation to other political and economic institutions and was supported in this by a complex ideology of racial superiority , paternalism and tolerance of indigenous institutions and practices that were consistent with imperial economic interests .

The administration lost a measure of its former authority , power and status .
the [people in charge] lost a measure of its former authority , power and status .

Relative autonomy is a temporary phenomenon , as is the significance of the over-developed administration inherited from colonialism ( Wood 1977 ) .
relative autonomy is a temporary phenomenon , as is the significance of the over-developed [people in charge] inherited from colonialism ( wood 1977 ) .

The administration may not own the means of production but it controls them through bureaucratic direction .
the [people in charge] may not own the means of production but it controls them through bureaucratic direction .

Many observers have noted how administration in new states consumed the bulk of revenue at the expense of investment and development ( Dumont 1966 ; First 1970 ; Bretton 1973 ; Amin 1973 ) .
many observers have noted how [people in charge] in new states consumed the bulk of revenue at the expense of investment and development ( dumont 1966 ; first 1970 ; bretton 1973 ; amin 1973 ) .

In this characteristically elusive passage it is not clear whether Marx means that the social relations of a smallholding peasantry make it easy to tax them (  Taxes are the source of life for the bureaucracy  ) or control them and therefore the bulk of society  uniform and routine administration being more effective than administration requiring flexibility , discretion , decentralization , and so on .
in this characteristically elusive passage it is not clear whether marx means that the social relations of a smallholding peasantry make it easy to tax them (  taxes are the source of life for the bureaucracy  ) or control them and therefore the bulk of society  uniform and routine [people in charge] being more effective than [people in charge] requiring flexibility , discretion , decentralization , and so on .

What has yet to become an accepted methodology in the study of public administration is a perception of organizations , including those in the public sector , as being themselves political systems.l Organization theory , drawing primarily as ever on evidence from private firms and corporations , offers political interpretations of the internal structures and decisionmaking of large-scale organizations which the study of public administration has yet to take up in any systematic manner ( Walsh et al .
what has yet to become an accepted methodology in the study of public [people in charge] is a perception of organizations , including those in the public sector , as being themselves political systems.l organization theory , drawing primarily as ever on evidence from private firms and corporations , offers political interpretations of the internal structures and decisionmaking of large-scale organizations which the study of public [people in charge] has yet to take up in any systematic manner ( walsh et al .

An approach to organizational politics which focuses on patterns of dominance goes beyond the by now familiar references in organization theory and public administration to the  environment  of organizations and especially the political system , an example of which is found in Wamsley and Zald ( 1976 ) .
an approach to organizational politics which focuses on patterns of dominance goes beyond the by now familiar references in organization theory and public [people in charge] to the  environment  of organizations and especially the political system , an example of which is found in wamsley and zald ( 1976 ) .

The lord 's administration : If the structure of administration is patriarchal , administrators have no personal right to their office , whereas in the  estate system  of traditional authority , office can not be taken away arbitrarily .
the lord 's [people in charge] : if the structure of [people in charge] is patriarchal , administrators have no personal right to their office , whereas in the  estate system  of traditional authority , office can not be taken away arbitrarily .

The pure form of administration under legal authority and rule is bureaucratic :
the pure form of [people in charge] under legal authority and rule is bureaucratic :

Weber associated this type of rule and its corresponding form of administration with the government of modern states and the power relations in private enterprise , public corporations and voluntary associations :  private enterprise , however , is autonomous in its increasingly bureaucratic organization of management  .
weber associated this type of rule and its corresponding form of [people in charge] with the government of modern states and the power relations in private enterprise , public corporations and voluntary associations :  private enterprise , however , is autonomous in its increasingly bureaucratic organization of management  .

However , in the state the structure of administration is never entirely bureaucratic .
however , in the state the structure of [people in charge] is never entirely bureaucratic .

The economists ' approach to bureaucracy has been very different to that of conventional public administration , with its emphasis on constitutional principles , institutions of control and review , and structural features of public agencies .
the economists ' approach to bureaucracy has been very different to that of conventional public [people in charge] , with its emphasis on constitutional principles , institutions of control and review , and structural features of public agencies .

Furthermore , some items are inversely related to budget size such as ease of administration and  on-the-job leisure  .
furthermore , some items are inversely related to budget size such as ease of [people in charge] and  on-the-job leisure  .

To presume that large lump sums payable to bureaucrats would appeal to the median voter or taxpayer  requires an astonishing remoteness from political realities and culture  , as does the idea that the public would approve the accumulation of a portion of the savings from more efficient administration in the form of an increase in amenities ( Wade 1979 ) .
to presume that large lump sums payable to bureaucrats would appeal to the median voter or taxpayer  requires an astonishing remoteness from political realities and culture  , as does the idea that the public would approve the accumulation of a portion of the savings from more efficient [people in charge] in the form of an increase in amenities ( wade 1979 ) .

Public administration also often has to satisfy equity criteria in its treatment of individual cases , especially when acting in a quasi judicial role .
public [people in charge] also often has to satisfy equity criteria in its treatment of individual cases , especially when acting in a quasi judicial role .

Breton and Wintrobe also question the assumptions about legislative behaviour and point to a further complication likely to arise from the recommendation to introduce competition into government administration .
breton and wintrobe also question the assumptions about legislative behaviour and point to a further complication likely to arise from the recommendation to introduce competition into government [people in charge] .

But if politicians also believe that they are being fed distorted and incorrect information by budget-maximizing bureaucrats and that the resources they vote to the administration will be used inefficiently , they will reduce their allocations .
but if politicians also believe that they are being fed distorted and incorrect information by budget-maximizing bureaucrats and that the resources they vote to the [people in charge] will be used inefficiently , they will reduce their allocations .

offers some decentralization in social decision-making , but on balance reinforces centralized administration and tends to erode democracy ;
offers some decentralization in social decision-making , but on balance reinforces centralized [people in charge] and tends to erode democracy ;

These included the great British trading companies in West Africa , in which are to be found the origins of Unilever , the North American fruit companies in Central America , whose activities gave rise to the expression  banana republic  , and the East India Company which was to provide the basis for British colonial administration in India .
these included the great british trading companies in west africa , in which are to be found the origins of unilever , the north american fruit companies in central america , whose activities gave rise to the expression  banana republic  , and the east india company which was to provide the basis for british colonial [people in charge] in india .

Several studies have shown the consequences of a gluten challenge in coeliac disease subjects , whether as a single amount or as repeated daily administration of gluten within the range of a normal diet .
several studies have shown the consequences of a gluten challenge in coeliac disease subjects , whether as a single amount or as repeated daily [people in charge] of gluten within the range of a normal diet .

With the Clinton administration under the intensive care of political healer David Gergen , less and less is clear about the fate of health-care reform .
with the clinton [people in charge] under the intensive care of political healer david gergen , less and less is clear about the fate of health-care reform .

Mrs Clinton also assured the Hopkins audience that the hospitals of major research institutions like theirs would be insulated against the dog-eat-dog , cost-cutting incentives inherent in managed competition , the administration 's basic formula for reform .
mrs clinton also assured the hopkins audience that the hospitals of major research institutions like theirs would be insulated against the dog-eat-dog , cost-cutting incentives inherent in managed competition , the [people in charge] 's basic formula for reform .

1 h after admission ( about 4 h after the start of symptoms ) the male patient had a non-Q-wave myocardial infarction despite oxygen administration .
1 h after admission ( about 4 h after the start of symptoms ) the male patient had a non-q-wave myocardial infarction despite oxygen [people in charge] .

At the same time the duchy administration had provided new recruits for Edward 's service .
at the same time the duchy [people in charge] had provided new recruits for edward 's service .

But such cases were not , as the council claimed , the result of slack administration by the chief steward .
but such cases were not , as the council claimed , the result of slack [people in charge] by the chief steward .

Dudley also proved more willing to appoint ducal servants to offices in his gift and to employ them in his own administration .
dudley also proved more willing to appoint ducal servants to offices in his gift and to employ them in his own [people in charge] .

The major change in the central administration was the removal of Rotherham as chancellor .
the major change in the central [people in charge] was the removal of rotherham as chancellor .

Percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography was carried out under intravenous sedation after intravenous administration of broad spectrum antibiotics and crystalloids .
percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography was carried out under intravenous sedation after intravenous [people in charge] of broad spectrum antibiotics and crystalloids .

Our findings agree with a previous study that showed an increased absorption in active ulcerative colitis after the colonic administration of 5 1 Cr-EDTA .
our findings agree with a previous study that showed an increased absorption in active ulcerative colitis after the colonic [people in charge] of 5 1 cr-edta .

These studies showed that a humoral agent present in the venous effluent during luminal administration of bile , inhibited motor activity in isolated segments of terminal ileum .
these studies showed that a humoral agent present in the venous effluent during luminal [people in charge] of bile , inhibited motor activity in isolated segments of terminal ileum .

The requirement for exogenous administration of cholinergic agents to stimulate motility in isolated models of mammalian small bowel , has been described previously .
the requirement for exogenous [people in charge] of cholinergic agents to stimulate motility in isolated models of mammalian small bowel , has been described previously .

Experimental work has been reported in which the administration of low fat diets or diets with low essential fatty acid content have an immunomodulatory effect in animal models .
experimental work has been reported in which the [people in charge] of low fat diets or diets with low essential fatty acid content have an immunomodulatory effect in animal models .

The only prospective trial directly comparing elemental diet with steroids , which included adult patients who had received treatment for Crohn 's disease in the past , also entailed administration of antibiotics during the 10 day treatment with elemental diet .
the only prospective trial directly comparing elemental diet with steroids , which included adult patients who had received treatment for crohn 's disease in the past , also entailed [people in charge] of antibiotics during the 10 day treatment with elemental diet .

Treatment for all these patients was standardised and consisted of correction of dehydration by the administration of World Health Organisation glucose oral rehydration solution supplemented by parenteral fluids where necessary .
treatment for all these patients was standardised and consisted of correction of dehydration by the [people in charge] of world health organisation glucose oral rehydration solution supplemented by parenteral fluids where necessary .

In our model of duodenal adaptive cytoprotection , a normal mucosal capacity to synthesise prostaglandins seems to be a necessary requirement , since pretreatment with indomethacin abolishes the protective response and , conversely , administration of exogenous prostaglandins restores the protection .
in our model of duodenal adaptive cytoprotection , a normal mucosal capacity to synthesise prostaglandins seems to be a necessary requirement , since pretreatment with indomethacin abolishes the protective response and , conversely , [people in charge] of exogenous prostaglandins restores the protection .

It has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .
it has been shown that oral [people in charge] of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .

In agreement with our findings , they showed that the rat intestine secreted fluid on day 5 after parasite administration .
in agreement with our findings , they showed that the rat intestine secreted fluid on day 5 after parasite [people in charge] .

The Masters in Business Administration Degree is offered through four different modes of study .
the masters in business [people in charge] degree is offered through four different modes of study .

The Doctor of Business Administration focuses on the skills needed for senior levels of management , management consultancy , management development and education .
the doctor of business [people in charge] focuses on the skills needed for senior levels of management , management consultancy , management development and education .

Located in purpose built accommodation , the department is responsible for the administration and support of Information Technology within the College .
located in purpose built accommodation , the department is responsible for the [people in charge] and support of information technology within the college .

Henley , while maintaining its independence , has been associated with Brunel for over twenty years in the development and administration of post graduate management degrees .
henley , while maintaining its independence , has been associated with brunel for over twenty years in the development and [people in charge] of post graduate management degrees .

Under the empire , in large towns , the shops were cleared and it became the site for more magnificent buildings devoted to the administration of justice , bureaucracy and commerce , as well as for worship .
under the empire , in large towns , the shops were cleared and it became the site for more magnificent buildings devoted to the [people in charge] of justice , bureaucracy and commerce , as well as for worship .

The ideal level of oxygen saturation and of oxygen administration ( continuous vs  as needed  ) should also be established in future trials .
the ideal level of oxygen saturation and of oxygen [people in charge] ( continuous vs  as needed  ) should also be established in future trials .

In their statement they accused the security forces of raiding their seminars and arresting some students , a number of whom were later expelled by the university administration for alleged political activity .
in their statement they accused the security forces of raiding their seminars and arresting some students , a number of whom were later expelled by the university [people in charge] for alleged political activity .

It also provides a basis for co-ordinating the individual functional budgets ; these functional budgets will normally include the sales , production , administration , distribution and cash budgets .
it also provides a basis for co-ordinating the individual functional budgets ; these functional budgets will normally include the sales , production , [people in charge] , distribution and cash budgets .

Administration , please .
[people in charge] , please .

We discussed the administration of the hospital , especially the shift times of the nurses , to allow Frank a few minutes alone with Salome .
we discussed the [people in charge] of the hospital , especially the shift times of the nurses , to allow frank a few minutes alone with salome .

After the administration of general anaesthesia , transvaginal ultrasonography was used to confirm gestational age ( crown-rump length ) and identify the placenta and amniotic membrane .
after the [people in charge] of general anaesthesia , transvaginal ultrasonography was used to confirm gestational age ( crown-rump length ) and identify the placenta and amniotic membrane .

However , this inhibition of coagulation has some drawbacks , and has led to considerable difficulties in ensuring appropriate heparin administration during cardiac surgery .
however , this inhibition of coagulation has some drawbacks , and has led to considerable difficulties in ensuring appropriate heparin [people in charge] during cardiac surgery .

With both classes of compounds the challenge is to show that the risk of administration is very low , and certainly less than that of blood products .
with both classes of compounds the challenge is to show that the risk of [people in charge] is very low , and certainly less than that of blood products .

Although there are few data to support the effectiveness of bicarbonate , there are laboratory and clinical data indicating potentially harmful consequences of administration , especially a paradoxical increase in intracellular acidosis due to diffusion of carbon dioxide across cell membranes .
although there are few data to support the effectiveness of bicarbonate , there are laboratory and clinical data indicating potentially harmful consequences of [people in charge] , especially a paradoxical increase in intracellular acidosis due to diffusion of carbon dioxide across cell membranes .

Route of drug administration
route of drug [people in charge]

Administration of a drug to the mother also means its administration to the fetus or neonate through placental transfer or breast milk .
[people in charge] of a drug to the mother also means its [people in charge] to the fetus or neonate through placental transfer or breast milk .

The American Medical Association may go to court if the Clinton administration tries to limit doctors ' fees or to cap the nation 's spiralling health budget .
the american medical association may go to court if the clinton [people in charge] tries to limit doctors ' fees or to cap the nation 's spiralling health budget .

The Clinton administration has said that under its health reform plan all Americans would have access to a basic health care package that would provide all the services most private plans offer today .
the clinton [people in charge] has said that under its health reform plan all americans would have access to a basic health care package that would provide all the services most private plans offer today .

The simultaneous administration of two treatments makes it difficult to differentiate which induced the response .
the simultaneous [people in charge] of two treatments makes it difficult to differentiate which induced the response .

Okun ( 1975 ) characterized this sort of trade-off as a  leaky bucket  , which lost some of its contents ( disincentive effects and administration costs ) when used to carry income from the rich to the poor .
okun ( 1975 ) characterized this sort of trade-off as a  leaky bucket  , which lost some of its contents ( disincentive effects and [people in charge] costs ) when used to carry income from the rich to the poor .

Revaluations are costly though other costs of administration are relatively low .
revaluations are costly though other costs of [people in charge] are relatively low .

They argue that   the local/central government relationship with respect to administration is  an example of the general principal/agent problem  how to provide necessarily decentralised ( to maximize information ) agents with incentives to pursue the central government principal 's objectives  ( p. ix ) .
they argue that   the local/central government relationship with respect to [people in charge] is  an example of the general principal/agent problem  how to provide necessarily decentralised ( to maximize information ) agents with incentives to pursue the central government principal 's objectives  ( p. ix ) .

In keeping with the literature on fiscal federalism , local preferences are more readily apparent to local government ; however , more than this , local government provides a more suitable hierarchical pattern for administration .
in keeping with the literature on fiscal federalism , local preferences are more readily apparent to local government ; however , more than this , local government provides a more suitable hierarchical pattern for [people in charge] .

The result is that tasks such as redistribution , which in the fiscal federalism literature are seen as a prerogative of central government , may ( given the imperfections of the Tiebout mechanism and the informational requirements of administration ) be shown to be better pursued at a lower level of government when broader considerations are taken into account .
the result is that tasks such as redistribution , which in the fiscal federalism literature are seen as a prerogative of central government , may ( given the imperfections of the tiebout mechanism and the informational requirements of [people in charge] ) be shown to be better pursued at a lower level of government when broader considerations are taken into account .

Tax administrators often see tax theory as a luxury to be indulged in in any odd moment they might have to look up from their files , while tax theorists tend to see the administration and practical aspects of taxation as an easily coped with minor irritant , or deviation , from their  grand design  .
tax administrators often see tax theory as a luxury to be indulged in in any odd moment they might have to look up from their files , while tax theorists tend to see the [people in charge] and practical aspects of taxation as an easily coped with minor irritant , or deviation , from their  grand design  .

Administrative control refers to the data that are gained by the presence of a wealth tax , enabling the cross-checking of statistics and facilitating good tax administration and reduced evasion .
administrative control refers to the data that are gained by the presence of a wealth tax , enabling the cross-checking of statistics and facilitating good tax [people in charge] and reduced evasion .

Routine Administration functions :
routine [people in charge] functions :

Administration of procedures for the Offline system .
[people in charge] of procedures for the offline system .

This responsible user is likely to be a project leader handling the administration of funds and computer charges .
this responsible user is likely to be a project leader handling the [people in charge] of funds and computer charges .

Offline Manager This user must be allocated Offline Manager privilege and is responsible for the administration of the Offline System as described in this section .
offline manager this user must be allocated offline manager privilege and is responsible for the [people in charge] of the offline system as described in this section .

If a person died intestate the court had power to grant letters of administration of his estate to executors .
if a person died intestate the court had power to grant letters of [people in charge] of his estate to executors .

Most of them retained their medieval walls and intricate street patterns and they often served as ecclesiastical or secular centres of administration , but their major role was to act as retail , handicraft and distribution points for wide hinterlands .
most of them retained their medieval walls and intricate street patterns and they often served as ecclesiastical or secular centres of [people in charge] , but their major role was to act as retail , handicraft and distribution points for wide hinterlands .

For instance , in Germany between 1935 and 1939 legislation was introduced , guaranteeing work for the building trade , creating a unitary administration of public employment , limited obligatory old-age insurance , and health insurance for some trades .
for instance , in germany between 1935 and 1939 legislation was introduced , guaranteeing work for the building trade , creating a unitary [people in charge] of public employment , limited obligatory old-age insurance , and health insurance for some trades .

The store manager 's job appeared to involve a large amount of administration of the system as opposed to the actual coordination of staff activities .
the store manager 's job appeared to involve a large amount of [people in charge] of the system as opposed to the actual coordination of staff activities .

As John Sampson , Retail Sales Administration Manager explained in his farewell speech , Riba was with the company during a period of extensive change from  quill pens to computers  .
as john sampson , retail sales [people in charge] manager explained in his farewell speech , riba was with the company during a period of extensive change from  quill pens to computers  .

Recently everyone in the sales administration department attended a course on how to deal with customers on the phone .
recently everyone in the sales [people in charge] department attended a course on how to deal with customers on the phone .

Tele sales training in progress for one of the two groups from the Sales Administration department .
tele sales training in progress for one of the two groups from the sales [people in charge] department .

Tom Walker , Sales Administration Dept .
tom walker , sales [people in charge] dept .

John McSporran has been promoted to become Sales Administration Manager .
john mcsporran has been promoted to become sales [people in charge] manager .

Tracey works in the sales administration department .
tracey works in the sales [people in charge] department .

The minister in charge of the Overseas Development Administration , Mr Chris Patten , is a keen green , and helped to write Mrs Thatcher 's how-green-I-am speech to last year 's Tory party conference .
the minister in charge of the overseas development [people in charge] , mr chris patten , is a keen green , and helped to write mrs thatcher 's how-green-i-am speech to last year 's tory party conference .

After a visit to the White House on April 3rd by relatives of the victims of Pan Am flight 103 , the airliner blown up over Lockerbie , Scotland , the Bush administration announced stricter airport-security standards .
after a visit to the white house on april 3rd by relatives of the victims of pan am flight 103 , the airliner blown up over lockerbie , scotland , the bush [people in charge] announced stricter airport-security standards .

The scandal is another blow to the administration of Mr Alexander Farrelly , the governor of the Virgin Islands .
the scandal is another blow to the [people in charge] of mr alexander farrelly , the governor of the virgin islands .

His administration has been scolded by the Interior Department for its involvement in a complicated deal involving an aluminium plant and a company with ties to Mr Marc Rich , a businessman whose taxes and trading have sometimes aroused the interest of American authorities .
his [people in charge] has been scolded by the interior department for its involvement in a complicated deal involving an aluminium plant and a company with ties to mr marc rich , a businessman whose taxes and trading have sometimes aroused the interest of american authorities .

In public the Bush administration is wholeheartedly on the side of the mujaheddin , as was President Reagan .
in public the bush [people in charge] is wholeheartedly on the side of the mujaheddin , as was president reagan .

Computerisation , although established for some time in sales and administration , has been introduced to Production Control .
computerisation , although established for some time in sales and [people in charge] , has been introduced to production control .

This year Douglas Reyburn also acted as hosts with Bill Service , Personnel Manager , organising the administration of the day .
this year douglas reyburn also acted as hosts with bill service , personnel manager , organising the [people in charge] of the day .

Jack Millar , Stoddard Templeton 's Sales Administration Director , accepted the award at a special reception at the exhibition held in the Galleon Bar of the Winter Gardens .
jack millar , stoddard templeton 's sales [people in charge] director , accepted the award at a special reception at the exhibition held in the galleon bar of the winter gardens .

Keith Bill ( Works Director ) , Steve Higgins ( Retail Director  Field Sales ) and Jack Millar ( Retail Director  Administration and Key Accounts ) have all been promoted from divisional director level to full board directors .
keith bill ( works director ) , steve higgins ( retail director  field sales ) and jack millar ( retail director  [people in charge] and key accounts ) have all been promoted from divisional director level to full board directors .

Returning to the car , or as it could be called the reps ' mobile office , there followed an impressive schedule of administration .
returning to the car , or as it could be called the reps ' mobile office , there followed an impressive schedule of [people in charge] .

Eddie McDermid tackles the administration side of being a salesmen using his car as a mobile office .
eddie mcdermid tackles the [people in charge] side of being a salesmen using his car as a mobile office .

After the Malta summit the Bush administration had repeatedly expressed support for Gorbachev 's reform initiatives in the Soviet Union , but the Soviet reaction to the declaration of independence by Lithuania in March [ see p. 37299 ] threatened to throw the preparations for the Washington summit off course .
after the malta summit the bush [people in charge] had repeatedly expressed support for gorbachev 's reform initiatives in the soviet union , but the soviet reaction to the declaration of independence by lithuania in march [ see p. 37299 ] threatened to throw the preparations for the washington summit off course .

Following a change of government in Newfoundland in 1989 , the new Liberal administration of Premier Clyde Wells also expressed opposition to Quebec 's special status and , in April 1990 , the Newfoundland provincial legislature rescinded its original ratification of the Accord .
following a change of government in newfoundland in 1989 , the new liberal [people in charge] of premier clyde wells also expressed opposition to quebec 's special status and , in april 1990 , the newfoundland provincial legislature rescinded its original ratification of the accord .

Bourassa , who in the past had opposed separatism for his province , declared his intention not to participate in further constitutional talks , and suggested that his administration would prepare a new policy for Quebec 's status , but gave no further details .
bourassa , who in the past had opposed separatism for his province , declared his intention not to participate in further constitutional talks , and suggested that his [people in charge] would prepare a new policy for quebec 's status , but gave no further details .

The administration was successful in persuading three Republican senators to alter their stance on the bill , however , so that on June 21 the vote in the Senate was 65 to 35 , or two votes below the required majority .
the [people in charge] was successful in persuading three republican senators to alter their stance on the bill , however , so that on june 21 the vote in the senate was 65 to 35 , or two votes below the required majority .

The most senior member of the Reagan administration to be tried in connection with the Iran-contra case , Poindexter was also the first to receive a custodial sentence .
the most senior member of the reagan [people in charge] to be tried in connection with the iran-contra case , poindexter was also the first to receive a custodial sentence .

Intensive development `` of the market would take place in the third stage ( 1993-95 ) , involving cuts in centralized economic administration , `` intensification `` of competition ( including an `` active anti-monopoly policy `` ) and other structural changes in economic relations .
intensive development `` of the market would take place in the third stage ( 1993-95 ) , involving cuts in centralized economic [people in charge] , `` intensification `` of competition ( including an `` active anti-monopoly policy `` ) and other structural changes in economic relations .

In introducing the 23 ministers , only two of whom , apart from the Prime Minister himself , had served in the previous interim administration , Roman stressed their youth and their `` clean `` past .
in introducing the 23 ministers , only two of whom , apart from the prime minister himself , had served in the previous interim [people in charge] , roman stressed their youth and their `` clean `` past .

The current head of state , Joaquim Alberto Chissano , succeeded Mozambique 's first President , Samora Machel , who was killed in an air crash in October 1986 [ see p. 34791 ] . Mario da Graa Machungo Prime Minister ; Planning Lt.-Gen. Alberto Joaquim Chipande Defence Lt.-Gen. Antonio Hama Thai Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces , Deputy Minister of Defence Pascoal Mocumbi Foreign Affairs Maj.-Gen. Jacinto Soares Veloso International Co-operation Lt.-Gen. Armando Guebuza Transport and Communications Aniceto dos Muchangos Education Mariano Matsinhe Security Manuel Antnio Interior Jos Oscar Monteiro Minister in the President 's Office for State Administration Abdul Magid Osman Finance Leonardo Simao Health Teodato Hunguana Information Joao Maria Salomao Construction and Water Daniel Filipe Gabriel Tembe Trade Alexandre Jos Zandamela Agriculture Antnio Jos Lima Rodrigues Branco Industry and Energy Joao Kachamila Mineral Resources Ossmane Ali Dauto Justice Lus Bernardo Honwana Culture Feliciano Gundana Minister in the President 's Office without Portfolio Aguiar Real Mazula Labour
the current head of state , joaquim alberto chissano , succeeded mozambique 's first president , samora machel , who was killed in an air crash in october 1986 [ see p. 34791 ] . mario da graa machungo prime minister ; planning lt.-gen. alberto joaquim chipande defence lt.-gen. antonio hama thai chief of general staff of the armed forces , deputy minister of defence pascoal mocumbi foreign affairs maj.-gen. jacinto soares veloso international co-operation lt.-gen. armando guebuza transport and communications aniceto dos muchangos education mariano matsinhe security manuel antnio interior jos oscar monteiro minister in the president 's office for state [people in charge] abdul magid osman finance leonardo simao health teodato hunguana information joao maria salomao construction and water daniel filipe gabriel tembe trade alexandre jos zandamela agriculture antnio jos lima rodrigues branco industry and energy joao kachamila mineral resources ossmane ali dauto justice lus bernardo honwana culture feliciano gundana minister in the president 's office without portfolio aguiar real mazula labour

Lekhanya promised that privatization of state enterprises would be the hallmark of his administration , starting with Lesotho Airways and Lesotho Freight Air Transport .
lekhanya promised that privatization of state enterprises would be the hallmark of his [people in charge] , starting with lesotho airways and lesotho freight air transport .

The latest controversy centred on an amendment to its Islamic Law Administration Act passed by the Selangor State Assembly on July 19 , 1989 , which permitted formal conversion to Islam of minors without parental consent , on the grounds that Islamic law deemed a person an adult from the onset of puberty .
the latest controversy centred on an amendment to its islamic law [people in charge] act passed by the selangor state assembly on july 19 , 1989 , which permitted formal conversion to islam of minors without parental consent , on the grounds that islamic law deemed a person an adult from the onset of puberty .

Instead of basing landlord compensation on the land 's productive value ( 2 @ 1/2 times the annual harvest ) the administration had adhered to the concept of `` fair market value `` .
instead of basing landlord compensation on the land 's productive value ( 2 @ 1/2 times the annual harvest ) the [people in charge] had adhered to the concept of `` fair market value `` .

Since 1945 the government has in effect alternated between the Labour and Conservative parties , the present Conservative administration headed by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher having been formed in 1979 and re-elected in 1983 and 1987 [ see pp. 29645 ; 32262 ; 35269 ] . Margaret Thatcher Prime Minister ; First Lord of the Treasury ; Minister for the Civil Service Sir Geoffrey Howe Lord President of the Council and Leader of the House of Commons Lord Mackay of Clashfern Lord Chancellor Douglas Hurd Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs John Major Chancellor of the Exchequer David Waddington Home Secretary Tom King Secretary of State for Defence Nicholas Ridley Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Kenneth Baker Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster Kenneth Clarke Secretary of State for Health John MacGregor Secretary of State for Education and Science Malcolm Rifkind Secretary of State for Scotland Cecil Parkinson Secretary of State for Transport John Wakeham Secretary of State for Energy Lord Belstead Lord Privy Seal and Leader of the House of Lords Antony Newton Secretary of State for Social Security Christopher Patten Secretary of State for the Environment Peter Brooke Secretary of State for Northern Ireland John Selwyn Gummer Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food Norman Lamont Chief Secretary to the Treasury Michael Howard Secretary of State for Employment David Hunt Secretary of State for Wales
since 1945 the government has in effect alternated between the labour and conservative parties , the present conservative [people in charge] headed by prime minister margaret thatcher having been formed in 1979 and re-elected in 1983 and 1987 [ see pp. 29645 ; 32262 ; 35269 ] . margaret thatcher prime minister ; first lord of the treasury ; minister for the civil service sir geoffrey howe lord president of the council and leader of the house of commons lord mackay of clashfern lord chancellor douglas hurd secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs john major chancellor of the exchequer david waddington home secretary tom king secretary of state for defence nicholas ridley secretary of state for trade and industry kenneth baker chancellor of the duchy of lancaster kenneth clarke secretary of state for health john macgregor secretary of state for education and science malcolm rifkind secretary of state for scotland cecil parkinson secretary of state for transport john wakeham secretary of state for energy lord belstead lord privy seal and leader of the house of lords antony newton secretary of state for social security christopher patten secretary of state for the environment peter brooke secretary of state for northern ireland john selwyn gummer minister of agriculture , fisheries and food norman lamont chief secretary to the treasury michael howard secretary of state for employment david hunt secretary of state for wales

Felipe Gonzlez Mrquez President of the Government ( Prime Minister ) Alfonso Guerra Deputy Prime Minister Narcs Serra Serra Defence Jos Luis Corcuero Interior Francisco Fernndez Ordez Foreign Affairs Carlos Solchaga Economy and Finance Enrique Mgica Herzog Justice Jos Claudio Aranzadi Martnez Industry and Energy *Luis Martnez Noval Labour and Social Security Javier Solana Madariaga Education and Science Joaqun Almunia Public Administration Carlos Romero Herrera Agriculture , Fisheries and Food Jorge Semprn Culture Javier Senz de Cosculluela Public Works Jos Barrionuevo Transport and Communications Julin Garca Vargas Health and Consumer Affairs Virgilio Zapatero Parliamentary Relations ; Secretary to the Government Matilde Fernndez Social Welfare Rosa Conde de Espina Government Spokeswoman * Succeeded Manuel Chaves , who resigned on April 20 , 1990 , to seek election in June 1990 as President of the Andalucian regional government .
felipe gonzlez mrquez president of the government ( prime minister ) alfonso guerra deputy prime minister narcs serra serra defence jos luis corcuero interior francisco fernndez ordez foreign affairs carlos solchaga economy and finance enrique mgica herzog justice jos claudio aranzadi martnez industry and energy *luis martnez noval labour and social security javier solana madariaga education and science joaqun almunia public [people in charge] carlos romero herrera agriculture , fisheries and food jorge semprn culture javier senz de cosculluela public works jos barrionuevo transport and communications julin garca vargas health and consumer affairs virgilio zapatero parliamentary relations ; secretary to the government matilde fernndez social welfare rosa conde de espina government spokeswoman * succeeded manuel chaves , who resigned on april 20 , 1990 , to seek election in june 1990 as president of the andalucian regional government .

Thus , his willingness to enter budgetary talks without preconditions  a point made by Bush to congressional leaders on May 6  was welcomed by many Democrats as evidence of a new realism on the part of the administration when compared with the use of accounting manoeuvres and optimistic forecasts which had characterized the 1991 budget proposal .
thus , his willingness to enter budgetary talks without preconditions  a point made by bush to congressional leaders on may 6  was welcomed by many democrats as evidence of a new realism on the part of the [people in charge] when compared with the use of accounting manoeuvres and optimistic forecasts which had characterized the 1991 budget proposal .

On April 30 the Japanese and South Korean Foreign Ministers held talks in Seoul at which it was agreed to relax restrictions currently applied to the 680,000 Koreans resident in Japan , many of whom were descendants of the 2,500,000 Koreans transported by the Japanese colonial administration for use as forced labour .
on april 30 the japanese and south korean foreign ministers held talks in seoul at which it was agreed to relax restrictions currently applied to the 680,000 koreans resident in japan , many of whom were descendants of the 2,500,000 koreans transported by the japanese colonial [people in charge] for use as forced labour .

Exports to Lithuania undertaken by private companies or on the initiative of Lithuanian emigr organizations were also likely to prove logistically impossible , since Lithuania 's borders and customs posts remained under Soviet administration .
exports to lithuania undertaken by private companies or on the initiative of lithuanian emigr organizations were also likely to prove logistically impossible , since lithuania 's borders and customs posts remained under soviet [people in charge] .

Legislative and presidential elections were held simultaneously in April 1988 , when President Paul Biya , who first came to office in November 1982 and was confirmed in office in the presidential elections of January 1984 , obtained 98.75 per cent of the vote ; 153 new deputies were elected to the National Assembly . Michel Meva'a M'Eboutou Minister-Delegate at the Presidency for Defence Ibrahim Mbombo Njoya Territorial Administration Yaou Aissatou Social Affairs and Women 's Affairs John Niba Ngu Agriculture Ogork Ebot Ntui Minister at the Presidency in Charge of Special Missions Emmanuel Zoa Oloa Minister at the Presidency in Charge of Special Missions Joseph Tsanga Abanda Industrial and Commercial Development Joseph Mboui National Education Hamadjoda Adjoudi Livestock , Animal Industries and Fisheries Abdoulaye Babale Higher Education , Scientific Research , Public Contracts and Computer Sciences Sadou Hayatou Finance Joseph Owona Public Service and State Control Henri Bandolo Information and Culture Joseph Fofe Youth and Sports Adolphe Moudiki Justice ; Keeper of the Seals Francis Nkwain Lands , Water and Energy Elizabeth Tankeu Planning and Territorial Development Sanda Oumarou Posts and Telecommunications Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh Foreign Affairs Joseph Mbede Health Paul Tessa Public Works and Transports Jean-Bedel Bokam Labour and Social Welfare Ferdinand Lopold Oyono Housing and Town Planning Edouard Akame Mfoumou Secretary-General at the Presidency Laurent Esso Director of the Civil Cabinet at the Presidency Titus Edzoa Special Adviser to the President Benjamin Itoe Tourism
legislative and presidential elections were held simultaneously in april 1988 , when president paul biya , who first came to office in november 1982 and was confirmed in office in the presidential elections of january 1984 , obtained 98.75 per cent of the vote ; 153 new deputies were elected to the national assembly . michel meva'a m'eboutou minister-delegate at the presidency for defence ibrahim mbombo njoya territorial [people in charge] yaou aissatou social affairs and women 's affairs john niba ngu agriculture ogork ebot ntui minister at the presidency in charge of special missions emmanuel zoa oloa minister at the presidency in charge of special missions joseph tsanga abanda industrial and commercial development joseph mboui national education hamadjoda adjoudi livestock , animal industries and fisheries abdoulaye babale higher education , scientific research , public contracts and computer sciences sadou hayatou finance joseph owona public service and state control henri bandolo information and culture joseph fofe youth and sports adolphe moudiki justice ; keeper of the seals francis nkwain lands , water and energy elizabeth tankeu planning and territorial development sanda oumarou posts and telecommunications jacques-roger booh-booh foreign affairs joseph mbede health paul tessa public works and transports jean-bedel bokam labour and social welfare ferdinand lopold oyono housing and town planning edouard akame mfoumou secretary-general at the presidency laurent esso director of the civil cabinet at the presidency titus edzoa special adviser to the president benjamin itoe tourism

The other new Council members were appointed to the portfolios of Justice , Agriculture , Labour and Social Development , and at the Ministries-delegate for Economy , Territorial Administration , Health and Women 's Development .
the other new council members were appointed to the portfolios of justice , agriculture , labour and social development , and at the ministries-delegate for economy , territorial [people in charge] , health and women 's development .

In a news conference on Jan. 18 , 1990 , Borja announced that inflation had been brought down to just over 54 per cent in December 1989 after reaching a record 99.1 per cent in March ; a further objective of the administration had been to reduce the accumulated annual inflation rate to 30 per cent for 1989 .
in a news conference on jan. 18 , 1990 , borja announced that inflation had been brought down to just over 54 per cent in december 1989 after reaching a record 99.1 per cent in march ; a further objective of the [people in charge] had been to reduce the accumulated annual inflation rate to 30 per cent for 1989 .

The country is divided for administration purposes into nine departments , each of which is governed by a prefect , appointed by the President .
the country is divided for [people in charge] purposes into nine departments , each of which is governed by a prefect , appointed by the president .

As a result of investigations which began in 1989 against officials suspected of corrupt practices under the administration of the previous President , Jaime Lusinchi , a senator and former Minister of the Interior and of Development , Jos Angel Ciliberto , was on Jan. 27 , 1990 , stripped of parliamentary immunity as a prelude to facing charges of misuse of government funds .
as a result of investigations which began in 1989 against officials suspected of corrupt practices under the [people in charge] of the previous president , jaime lusinchi , a senator and former minister of the interior and of development , jos angel ciliberto , was on jan. 27 , 1990 , stripped of parliamentary immunity as a prelude to facing charges of misuse of government funds .

Following Lusinchi 's announcement on Dec. 31 , 1988 , of the decision to halt principal payments on $21,700 million of public-sector foreign debt from Jan. 17 , 1989 [ see p. 36424 ] , the new Prez administration on Feb. 23 , 1989 , also suspended principal payments on about $5,000 million of private-sector foreign debt with effect from Feb. 28 , pending renegotiation of new terms for the repayment of both private- and public-sector foreign debt .
following lusinchi 's announcement on dec. 31 , 1988 , of the decision to halt principal payments on $21,700 million of public-sector foreign debt from jan. 17 , 1989 [ see p. 36424 ] , the new prez [people in charge] on feb. 23 , 1989 , also suspended principal payments on about $5,000 million of private-sector foreign debt with effect from feb. 28 , pending renegotiation of new terms for the repayment of both private- and public-sector foreign debt .

Gen. Saulo Ramos was appointed Minister of Justice on Aug. 7 , 1989 , replacing Oscar Dias Corra , who had resigned on Aug. 1 after frequently speaking out against mismanagement of the economy and corruption in the administration .
gen. saulo ramos was appointed minister of justice on aug. 7 , 1989 , replacing oscar dias corra , who had resigned on aug. 1 after frequently speaking out against mismanagement of the economy and corruption in the [people in charge] .

He added that two or three state industries would be privatized and that efforts would be made to streamline the administration of the rest , making them self-financing .
he added that two or three state industries would be privatized and that efforts would be made to streamline the [people in charge] of the rest , making them self-financing .

An earlier agreement on July 4 between the Paraguayan National Power Administration and the Argentinian Water and Energy Company allowed for water to be supplied to Argentina 's north-eastern region .
an earlier agreement on july 4 between the paraguayan national power [people in charge] and the argentinian water and energy company allowed for water to be supplied to argentina 's north-eastern region .

In February Tabar Vzquez , the socialist mayor of Montevideo [ for whose election see p. 37039 ] , announced cuts in transport tariffs and a decentralization of the city 's administration .
in february tabar vzquez , the socialist mayor of montevideo [ for whose election see p. 37039 ] , announced cuts in transport tariffs and a decentralization of the city 's [people in charge] .

In the first major labour conflict of Menem 's administration , bus drivers began a strike in Buenos Aires on Nov. 7 which spread to other cities on Nov. 8 .
in the first major labour conflict of menem 's [people in charge] , bus drivers began a strike in buenos aires on nov. 7 which spread to other cities on nov. 8 .

In late March the Chamber of Deputies approved a bill relating to the regulation of the banking sector , sometimes referred to as the `` Amato law `` after Giuliano Amato , the Socialist Treasury Minister in the previous De Mita administration who had been one of its prime movers .
in late march the chamber of deputies approved a bill relating to the regulation of the banking sector , sometimes referred to as the `` amato law `` after giuliano amato , the socialist treasury minister in the previous de mita [people in charge] who had been one of its prime movers .

The largest share , some 34,400 million dinars , would be set aside for the Army , with 3,200 million dinars for the disabled and 6,100 million dinars for federal administration .
the largest share , some 34,400 million dinars , would be set aside for the army , with 3,200 million dinars for the disabled and 6,100 million dinars for federal [people in charge] .

Plans to resettle them in ( Greek ) Thrace were criticized by the Turkish government as altering the region 's demography , but the Greek administration rejected such `` unwarranted intervention in Greek domestic affairs `` .
plans to resettle them in ( greek ) thrace were criticized by the turkish government as altering the region 's demography , but the greek [people in charge] rejected such `` unwarranted intervention in greek domestic affairs `` .

The Greek-Cypriot administration continues to observe the 1960 Constitution , although provisions for the participation in government of Turkish-Cypriots are in abeyance .
the greek-cypriot [people in charge] continues to observe the 1960 constitution , although provisions for the participation in government of turkish-cypriots are in abeyance .

The administration consists of an executive President who is directly elected by universal adult suffrage for a five-year term , and who appoints and presides over a Council of Ministers .
the [people in charge] consists of an executive president who is directly elected by universal adult suffrage for a five-year term , and who appoints and presides over a council of ministers .

For Clubs , Associations , Companies and Organisations wishing to make regular ( termly ) or block bookings of any facility at Harlow Sportcentre , please ask for the Booking Secretary in the Administration Office , telephone Harlow 635100 .
for clubs , associations , companies and organisations wishing to make regular ( termly ) or block bookings of any facility at harlow sportcentre , please ask for the booking secretary in the [people in charge] office , telephone harlow 635100 .

Disagreement hinged on the new Prime Minister 's insistence that the opposition should join the existing administration .
disagreement hinged on the new prime minister 's insistence that the opposition should join the existing [people in charge] .

Nevertheless , the jury 's finding that Poindexter was part of a conspiracy involving members of the Reagan administration amounted to the clearest judicial verdict yet rendered upon the Iran-contra scandal .
nevertheless , the jury 's finding that poindexter was part of a conspiracy involving members of the reagan [people in charge] amounted to the clearest judicial verdict yet rendered upon the iran-contra scandal .

The television station had been conceived by the Reagan administration as an extension of the propaganda service currently provided by the US-funded Radio Mart , based in the Florida Keys and established in 1985 [ see p. 33917 ] .
the television station had been conceived by the reagan [people in charge] as an extension of the propaganda service currently provided by the us-funded radio mart , based in the florida keys and established in 1985 [ see p. 33917 ] .

The Jammu and Kashmir state administration imposed and maintained an around-the-clock curfew in the Kashmir valley on April 6-21 , with a few short relaxations to allow people to obtain essential supplies .
the jammu and kashmir state [people in charge] imposed and maintained an around-the-clock curfew in the kashmir valley on april 6-21 , with a few short relaxations to allow people to obtain essential supplies .

In his 1990 New Year address Museveni said that since taking power in 1986 his administration had reversed the decline in the economy , with the growth rate increasing from 2.4 per cent in 1986 to 7.4 per cent in 1988 , although Ugandans still had much hardship to bear in the form of higher prices .
in his 1990 new year address museveni said that since taking power in 1986 his [people in charge] had reversed the decline in the economy , with the growth rate increasing from 2.4 per cent in 1986 to 7.4 per cent in 1988 , although ugandans still had much hardship to bear in the form of higher prices .

Following a general election in June for seats in a National Shengo ( which formally replaced the military administration in September of that year ) , the establishment of the People 's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia was proclaimed .
following a general election in june for seats in a national shengo ( which formally replaced the military [people in charge] in september of that year ) , the establishment of the people 's democratic republic of ethiopia was proclaimed .

The island of Mayotte also forms part of the archipelago , but its inhabitants voted in February 1976 to remain under French administration .
the island of mayotte also forms part of the archipelago , but its inhabitants voted in february 1976 to remain under french [people in charge] .

After negotiations with the administration the Senate approved on Sept. 27 anti-drugs funding of more than $ 3,000 million as part of the fiscal 1990 transportation appropriations bill , which was cleared by Congress on Oct. 31 and signed into law on Nov. 21 .
after negotiations with the [people in charge] the senate approved on sept. 27 anti-drugs funding of more than $ 3,000 million as part of the fiscal 1990 transportation appropriations bill , which was cleared by congress on oct. 31 and signed into law on nov. 21 .

The related issue of inflation and interest rates led to some disagreement on fiscal policy between Alan Greenspan , chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , and the Bush administration .
the related issue of inflation and interest rates led to some disagreement on fiscal policy between alan greenspan , chairman of the federal reserve board , and the bush [people in charge] .

Greenspan 's main objective was to combat inflation by maintaining high interest rates , while the Bush administration and other economic advisers supported lower interest rates to encourage growth and avoid recession .
greenspan 's main objective was to combat inflation by maintaining high interest rates , while the bush [people in charge] and other economic advisers supported lower interest rates to encourage growth and avoid recession .

The measure , which had been drawn up by congressional leaders and administration officials and approved by the House of Representatives on Nov. 1 by 382 votes to 37 , represented an alternative to the minimum wage bill passed by Congress in May and vetoed by President Bush .
the measure , which had been drawn up by congressional leaders and [people in charge] officials and approved by the house of representatives on nov. 1 by 382 votes to 37 , represented an alternative to the minimum wage bill passed by congress in may and vetoed by president bush .

The Bush administration 's efforts to rescue the savings and loans companies ( `` thrifts `` ) [ see p. 36843 ; see also above ] faced mounting criticism in early 1990 as shortages of funds and operational problems  caused by an unwieldy bureaucracy involving 12 different agencies and vacancies in several senior regulatory posts  threatened to jeopardize the operation .
the bush [people in charge] 's efforts to rescue the savings and loans companies ( `` thrifts `` ) [ see p. 36843 ; see also above ] faced mounting criticism in early 1990 as shortages of funds and operational problems  caused by an unwieldy bureaucracy involving 12 different agencies and vacancies in several senior regulatory posts  threatened to jeopardize the operation .

In conjunction with this opposition from an increasing number of English-speaking provinces , the Meech Lake problem was compounded by increased pressure on the Liberal administration of Quebec following elections in September 1989 [ see p. 36891 ] .
in conjunction with this opposition from an increasing number of english-speaking provinces , the meech lake problem was compounded by increased pressure on the liberal [people in charge] of quebec following elections in september 1989 [ see p. 36891 ] .

Each of the union republics has a constitution and state structure modelled broadly on that of the central administration .
each of the union republics has a constitution and state structure modelled broadly on that of the central [people in charge] .

The budget deficit was to be cut to 60,000 million roubles by reducing central state expenditure on investment ( notably in heavy industry ) , the military and administration .
the budget deficit was to be cut to 60,000 million roubles by reducing central state expenditure on investment ( notably in heavy industry ) , the military and [people in charge] .

He declared the new administration 's `` first step `` to be to `` re-activate our industry `` and to `` give people a freer hand for greater participation in economic activities `` .
he declared the new [people in charge] 's `` first step `` to be to `` re-activate our industry `` and to `` give people a freer hand for greater participation in economic activities `` .

Reports in early September indicated that the Bush administration had been conducting an ongoing but indirect correspondence with the Iranian regime .
reports in early september indicated that the bush [people in charge] had been conducting an ongoing but indirect correspondence with the iranian regime .

The Bush administration 's revision of its Indo-China policy was designed to forestall a possible congressional rebellion over the issue .
the bush [people in charge] 's revision of its indo-china policy was designed to forestall a possible congressional rebellion over the issue .

New constitutions would be drafted for the federation and for the Czech and Slovak republics , separating local self-administration from state administration , and ending excessive centralism .
new constitutions would be drafted for the federation and for the czech and slovak republics , separating local self-administration from state [people in charge] , and ending excessive centralism .

34070-73 ] , stating that he could not support the government 's change of policy on Northern Ireland , including `` the involvement of a foreign power in a consultative role in the administration of the province `` , which he claimed would prolong and not diminish `` Ulster 's agony `` [ see p. 34072 ] .
34070-73 ] , stating that he could not support the government 's change of policy on northern ireland , including `` the involvement of a foreign power in a consultative role in the [people in charge] of the province `` , which he claimed would prolong and not diminish `` ulster 's agony `` [ see p. 34072 ] .

Critics of the administration reproached Bush for his failure to take real steps to tackle the deficit .
critics of the [people in charge] reproached bush for his failure to take real steps to tackle the deficit .

The administration 's forecast that the economy would grow at a rate of 3.3 per cent with interest rates falling by 2 per cent was castigated as unrealistic , a view echoed by most economic commentators .
the [people in charge] 's forecast that the economy would grow at a rate of 3.3 per cent with interest rates falling by 2 per cent was castigated as unrealistic , a view echoed by most economic commentators .

Even before the Bush budget had been presented , there was a widespread expectation that negotiations on the 1991 budget between the administration and Congress would be highly acrimonious .
even before the bush budget had been presented , there was a widespread expectation that negotiations on the 1991 budget between the [people in charge] and congress would be highly acrimonious .

The administration opposed Moynihan 's suggestion , but the proposed budget contained a commitment to isolate the social security contributions from the calculation of the budget deficit starting in 1993  after the next presidential elections  when , in theory , the budget should be in balance in accordance with the Gramm-Rudman schedule .
the [people in charge] opposed moynihan 's suggestion , but the proposed budget contained a commitment to isolate the social security contributions from the calculation of the budget deficit starting in 1993  after the next presidential elections  when , in theory , the budget should be in balance in accordance with the gramm-rudman schedule .

Moynihan and his growing body of supporters ridiculed this proposal , and many commentators felt that the administration would find it very difficult to reject Moynihan 's demand for an immediate social security tax cut ( which would benefit all citizens ) whilst pursuing a reduction in capital gains tax which would be of chief benefit to those who were already among the most wealthy .
moynihan and his growing body of supporters ridiculed this proposal , and many commentators felt that the [people in charge] would find it very difficult to reject moynihan 's demand for an immediate social security tax cut ( which would benefit all citizens ) whilst pursuing a reduction in capital gains tax which would be of chief benefit to those who were already among the most wealthy .

He frequently attempted to deflect criticism of his administration and personal life by characterizing such allegations as the product of white racism .
he frequently attempted to deflect criticism of his [people in charge] and personal life by characterizing such allegations as the product of white racism .

Matthei acknowledged the President-elect as the future `` supreme `` commander of the armed forces , while Stange emphasized the professional role of the police `` whatever the government `` and said that he had `` great hopes `` for the new administration .
matthei acknowledged the president-elect as the future `` supreme `` commander of the armed forces , while stange emphasized the professional role of the police `` whatever the government `` and said that he had `` great hopes `` for the new [people in charge] .

During talks in Bangkok on Jan. 4 with an Australian envoy , Khieu Samphan , the nominal leader of the Khmers Rouges , insisted that he and his colleagues had to be included in any interim Cambodian administration .
during talks in bangkok on jan. 4 with an australian envoy , khieu samphan , the nominal leader of the khmers rouges , insisted that he and his colleagues had to be included in any interim cambodian [people in charge] .

Chamlong 's overwhelming election success was widely portrayed as a vote against Pramarn 's retention of the powerful Interior portfolio , a ministry which by necessity had close links with the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration .
chamlong 's overwhelming election success was widely portrayed as a vote against pramarn 's retention of the powerful interior portfolio , a ministry which by necessity had close links with the bangkok metropolitan [people in charge] .

Other portfolios were redistributed with Sunil Kumar Gupta moving to the Ministry of Fisheries and Livestock , Lt.- Col. ( retd ) Zafar Imam to Cultural Affairs and Sardar Amzad Hossain to Land Administration and Reform .
other portfolios were redistributed with sunil kumar gupta moving to the ministry of fisheries and livestock , lt.- col. ( retd ) zafar imam to cultural affairs and sardar amzad hossain to land [people in charge] and reform .

The bill passed by the armed services committee of the House on July 31 cut $ 24,000 million from the administration 's request .
the bill passed by the armed services committee of the house on july 31 cut $ 24,000 million from the [people in charge] 's request .

Indonesia 's trade and economic relations with Taiwan were to be unaffected by the resumption of ties , although the memorandum noted China 's appreciation that Indonesia had `` consistently `` recognized the administration of the People 's Republic as the sole government of China , of which Taiwan was an integral part .
indonesia 's trade and economic relations with taiwan were to be unaffected by the resumption of ties , although the memorandum noted china 's appreciation that indonesia had `` consistently `` recognized the [people in charge] of the people 's republic as the sole government of china , of which taiwan was an integral part .

He claimed that the referendum was a key element in a conspiracy by Serbs both inside and outside Croatia to destabilize the republic and overthrow his administration in order to create a centralized , Serb-dominated Yugoslavia , or else a `` Greater Serbia `` .
he claimed that the referendum was a key element in a conspiracy by serbs both inside and outside croatia to destabilize the republic and overthrow his [people in charge] in order to create a centralized , serb-dominated yugoslavia , or else a `` greater serbia `` .

The handling of the whole referendum affair was widely regarded by commentators as a humiliation for Tudjman 's administration .
the handling of the whole referendum affair was widely regarded by commentators as a humiliation for tudjman 's [people in charge] .

Croatian Premier Stjepan Mesic was elected to replace him after it was decided that the communist Suvar was not a fitting representative of the present Croatian administration .
croatian premier stjepan mesic was elected to replace him after it was decided that the communist suvar was not a fitting representative of the present croatian [people in charge] .

Under the 1976 Organic Law promulgated in Portugal , Macao , hitherto a Portuguese Overseas Province , was redefined as a Special Territory under Portuguese administration ; it will revert to Chinese rule in 1999 , the Chinese government having already , in 1988 , established a Macao Special Administrative region .
under the 1976 organic law promulgated in portugal , macao , hitherto a portuguese overseas province , was redefined as a special territory under portuguese [people in charge] ; it will revert to chinese rule in 1999 , the chinese government having already , in 1988 , established a macao special administrative region .

The ( organic  having to do with the structure of the administration ) law on the financing of electoral campaigns was passed by the Senate on April 12 , 1990 .
the ( organic  having to do with the structure of the [people in charge] ) law on the financing of electoral campaigns was passed by the senate on april 12 , 1990 .

The most significant appointments were as follows ( with previously held posts in parentheses ) : Edouard Akame Mfoumou  Defence ( Secretary-General at the Presidency ) ; Gilbert Andze Tsoungui  Territorial Administration ( Delegate-General for National Security ) ; Ren Owona  Industrial and Commercial Development and Trade ( director-general of Dschang Agricultural Centre , west Cameroon ) ; Simon Bassilekin  Finance ( a National Administrator of the Bank of Central African States ) , and Marcel Niat Nkifenji  Planning and Territorial Development ( general manager of the National Electricity Corporation ) .
the most significant appointments were as follows ( with previously held posts in parentheses ) : edouard akame mfoumou  defence ( secretary-general at the presidency ) ; gilbert andze tsoungui  territorial [people in charge] ( delegate-general for national security ) ; ren owona  industrial and commercial development and trade ( director-general of dschang agricultural centre , west cameroon ) ; simon bassilekin  finance ( a national administrator of the bank of central african states ) , and marcel niat nkifenji  planning and territorial development ( general manager of the national electricity corporation ) .

The protracted budgetary negotiations involving the administration and a group of Republican and Democrat legislators on Sept. 30 produced a draft agreement for fiscal 1991 which aimed at reducing the budget deficit by $ 500,000 million over a five-year period .
the protracted budgetary negotiations involving the [people in charge] and a group of republican and democrat legislators on sept. 30 produced a draft agreement for fiscal 1991 which aimed at reducing the budget deficit by $ 500,000 million over a five-year period .

Further economic adjustments announced on Sept. 4 complemented an economic austerity package announced by Economy Minister Antonio Ermn Gonzlez on Aug. 31 , the fifth under his administration [ for March 1990 measures see p. 37500 ] .
further economic adjustments announced on sept. 4 complemented an economic austerity package announced by economy minister antonio ermn gonzlez on aug. 31 , the fifth under his [people in charge] [ for march 1990 measures see p. 37500 ] .

In late August Gonzlez had been granted extraordinary powers which gave him total control over central government , federal agency and state company finances and the administration of enterprises operating under the Public Works and Defence ministries .
in late august gonzlez had been granted extraordinary powers which gave him total control over central government , federal agency and state company finances and the [people in charge] of enterprises operating under the public works and defence ministries .

Meanwhile , it was reported in the Middle East Economic Digest of Sept. 28 that the Local Government Minister , Ali Hasan al-Majid , a cousin of President Saddam Hussein and formerly chief of security with special responsibility for the Kurds ( reported on Aug. 20 as in control of Kuwait 's security and administration  see p. 37635 ) , was named governor of Kuwait .
meanwhile , it was reported in the middle east economic digest of sept. 28 that the local government minister , ali hasan al-majid , a cousin of president saddam hussein and formerly chief of security with special responsibility for the kurds ( reported on aug. 20 as in control of kuwait 's security and [people in charge]  see p. 37635 ) , was named governor of kuwait .

Mahmoud Zubi Prime Minister Gen. Mustafa Tlass Deputy Prime Minister ; Defence Salim Yassin Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs Mahmud Qaddur Deputy Prime Minister for Public Affairs Ghassan Halabi Education Kamal Sharaf Higher Education Mohammad Harbah Interior Yusuf al-Ahmed Transport Mohammad Salman Information Ahmed Diab Local Administration Hassan Saqqa Supply and Internal Trade Mohammad al-Imadi Economy and Foreign Trade Najah al-Attar Culture Farooq ash-Shar `` Foreign Affairs Adnan Quli Tourism Iyad al-Shatti Health Abdel-Majid Tarabulsi Waqfs ( Religious Endowments ) Abd ar-Rahman Madani Irrigation Kamil al-Baba Electricity Antonios Habib Oil and Mineral Resources Marwan Farra Construction Mohammad Nur Antabi Housing and Utilities Mohammad Ghabbash Agriculture and Agrarian Reform Khaled al-Mahayni Finance Antoine Jubran Industry Murad Quwatli Communications Khalid Ansari Justice Wahib Fadil Presidential Affairs Haydar Buzu Labour and Social Affairs Yasin Rajjuh Minister of State for Cabinet Affairs Nasir Qaddur Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Sabah Baqjaji Minister of State for Planning Affairs Muhammed Jumaa Minister of State Abdel-Hamid Munajjid Minister of State Ghazi Mustafa Minister of State Ali Khalil Minister of State
mahmoud zubi prime minister gen. mustafa tlass deputy prime minister ; defence salim yassin deputy prime minister for economic affairs mahmud qaddur deputy prime minister for public affairs ghassan halabi education kamal sharaf higher education mohammad harbah interior yusuf al-ahmed transport mohammad salman information ahmed diab local [people in charge] hassan saqqa supply and internal trade mohammad al-imadi economy and foreign trade najah al-attar culture farooq ash-shar `` foreign affairs adnan quli tourism iyad al-shatti health abdel-majid tarabulsi waqfs ( religious endowments ) abd ar-rahman madani irrigation kamil al-baba electricity antonios habib oil and mineral resources marwan farra construction mohammad nur antabi housing and utilities mohammad ghabbash agriculture and agrarian reform khaled al-mahayni finance antoine jubran industry murad quwatli communications khalid ansari justice wahib fadil presidential affairs haydar buzu labour and social affairs yasin rajjuh minister of state for cabinet affairs nasir qaddur minister of state for foreign affairs sabah baqjaji minister of state for planning affairs muhammed jumaa minister of state abdel-hamid munajjid minister of state ghazi mustafa minister of state ali khalil minister of state

Namibia , the last remaining colony in Africa , achieved independence on March 21 , 1990 , ending 106 years of colonization , under German rule from 1884 to 1915 and then under South African administration .
namibia , the last remaining colony in africa , achieved independence on march 21 , 1990 , ending 106 years of colonization , under german rule from 1884 to 1915 and then under south african [people in charge] .

As amended , Article 6 of the Constitution , which previously had enshrined the Communist Party as the `` leading and guiding force in Soviet society and the nucleus of its political system `` , now read : `` The Communist Party of the Soviet Union , other political parties , trade unions , youth and other social organizations and mass movements participate in the formulation of the policy of the Soviet state and in the administration of state and social affairs through their representatives elected to the soviets of people 's deputies and in other ways . ``
as amended , article 6 of the constitution , which previously had enshrined the communist party as the `` leading and guiding force in soviet society and the nucleus of its political system `` , now read : `` the communist party of the soviet union , other political parties , trade unions , youth and other social organizations and mass movements participate in the formulation of the policy of the soviet state and in the [people in charge] of state and social affairs through their representatives elected to the soviets of people 's deputies and in other ways . ``

The leaders returned to the Knesset for the vote , in which the Shamir government was defeated by 60 votes to 55 ( with five abstentions ) , and was thereby relegated to the status of a minority-backed caretaker administration .
the leaders returned to the knesset for the vote , in which the shamir government was defeated by 60 votes to 55 ( with five abstentions ) , and was thereby relegated to the status of a minority-backed caretaker [people in charge] .

On March 7 , the Group of 12 ( a newly formed coalition of the country 's main opposition parties , ranging from communists to conservatives ) issued a joint statement calling upon the populace to rise up against Avril and force him to hand over power to an interim civilian administration as the first step towards the holding of free elections .
on march 7 , the group of 12 ( a newly formed coalition of the country 's main opposition parties , ranging from communists to conservatives ) issued a joint statement calling upon the populace to rise up against avril and force him to hand over power to an interim civilian [people in charge] as the first step towards the holding of free elections .

When he resigned on March 10 , Avril handed power to the acting Army Chief of Staff and former Foreign Minister , Gen. Herard Abraham , who promised to restore order and to transfer authority to a civilian administration within 72 hours .
when he resigned on march 10 , avril handed power to the acting army chief of staff and former foreign minister , gen. herard abraham , who promised to restore order and to transfer authority to a civilian [people in charge] within 72 hours .

She accepted the presidency `` in the name of Haitian women `` and stated that the central task of her administration would be `` to pass power to a democratically elected government chosen with complete liberty `` .
she accepted the presidency `` in the name of haitian women `` and stated that the central task of her [people in charge] would be `` to pass power to a democratically elected government chosen with complete liberty `` .

Chaovalit 's entry to government was expected to raise the prestige of the administration which had been beset over the previous year by a series of corruption scandals and labour disputes .
chaovalit 's entry to government was expected to raise the prestige of the [people in charge] which had been beset over the previous year by a series of corruption scandals and labour disputes .

In response to widespread criticism , Kadhafi strongly attacked corruption and favouritism in the government administration .
in response to widespread criticism , kadhafi strongly attacked corruption and favouritism in the government [people in charge] .

By the end of 1989 the security situation [ see p. 37183 ] had effectively undermined Abdullah 's alliance administration , with the imposition of a military curfew and the prospect of direct rule by central government .
by the end of 1989 the security situation [ see p. 37183 ] had effectively undermined abdullah 's alliance [people in charge] , with the imposition of a military curfew and the prospect of direct rule by central government .

The `` regional policeman `` policy of Rajiv Gandhi during the last years of his administration was interpreted by many observers as part of a desire to strengthen India 's position as a regional superpower , despite the country 's avowed non-aligned policy .
the `` regional policeman `` policy of rajiv gandhi during the last years of his [people in charge] was interpreted by many observers as part of a desire to strengthen india 's position as a regional superpower , despite the country 's avowed non-aligned policy .

Maumoun Abdul Gayoom President ; Defence ; Finance Fathhulla Jameel Foreign Affairs Abdul Sattar Mossa Didi Health and Welfare Mohamed Zahir Hussain Education Abdulla Jameel Fisheries and Agriculture Ahmed Mujuthaba Tourism Ilyas Mujuthaba Trade and Industries Abdulla Hameed Atolls Administration ; Speaker of Majilis Umar Zahir Home Affairs ; Sports Ahmed Zaki Attorney-General Mohamed Rashid Justice Abbas Ibrahim Transport and Shipping Abdulla Kamaal Dheen Public Works and Labour
maumoun abdul gayoom president ; defence ; finance fathhulla jameel foreign affairs abdul sattar mossa didi health and welfare mohamed zahir hussain education abdulla jameel fisheries and agriculture ahmed mujuthaba tourism ilyas mujuthaba trade and industries abdulla hameed atolls [people in charge] ; speaker of majilis umar zahir home affairs ; sports ahmed zaki attorney-general mohamed rashid justice abbas ibrahim transport and shipping abdulla kamaal dheen public works and labour

The creation of a zonal level of administration directly under the Home Affairs Ministry was announced at the end of 1988 with the 18 existing districts or dzongkhags to be grouped under four zonal administrative headquarters .
the creation of a zonal level of [people in charge] directly under the home affairs ministry was announced at the end of 1988 with the 18 existing districts or dzongkhags to be grouped under four zonal administrative headquarters .

The 79-year old former President had repeated difficulty in remembering specific decisions , meetings , dates , and even the identities of some members of his administration , and his evidence included instances where his recollections were at variance with documentary evidence and with the sworn testimony of other participants in the Iran-contra affair .
the 79-year old former president had repeated difficulty in remembering specific decisions , meetings , dates , and even the identities of some members of his [people in charge] , and his evidence included instances where his recollections were at variance with documentary evidence and with the sworn testimony of other participants in the iran-contra affair .

Although Dowding 's administration had been narrowly returned to office in February 1989 [ see p. 36466 ] , its popularity continued to decline in the face of ongoing allegations concerning its financial competence and its relationship with beleaguered Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond .
although dowding 's [people in charge] had been narrowly returned to office in february 1989 [ see p. 36466 ] , its popularity continued to decline in the face of ongoing allegations concerning its financial competence and its relationship with beleaguered australian entrepreneur alan bond .

Nov. 24 Australia proposes a UN-sponsored caretaker administration [ see pp. 37186-87 ]
nov. 24 australia proposes a un-sponsored caretaker [people in charge] [ see pp. 37186-87 ]

For Clubs , Associations , Companies and Organisations wishing to make regular ( termly ) or block bookings of any facility at Harlow Sportcentre , please ask for the Booking Secretary in the Administration Office , telephone Harlow 635100 .
for clubs , associations , companies and organisations wishing to make regular ( termly ) or block bookings of any facility at harlow sportcentre , please ask for the booking secretary in the [people in charge] office , telephone harlow 635100 .

Thus at times one of the Whig connections might work together with a Tory connection in the service of the administration , and they would be opposed by a combination of Whigs and Tories who were out of office and who sought to mobilise the independent back-benchers to put pressure on the government .
thus at times one of the whig connections might work together with a tory connection in the service of the [people in charge] , and they would be opposed by a combination of whigs and tories who were out of office and who sought to mobilise the independent back-benchers to put pressure on the government .

The Junto was a group of moderate Whigs , who had first come together in 1693  4 in the service of the central administration to support William 's war effort .
the junto was a group of moderate whigs , who had first come together in 1693  4 in the service of the central [people in charge] to support william 's war effort .

In February 1704 the Lower House of Convocation presented the Upper House with a representation of the grievances of the clergy , which was fiercely critical of the way the bishops were running the Church : canons were being disobeyed , discipline unenforced , whilst everywhere episcopal administration was inefficient and corrupt .
in february 1704 the lower house of convocation presented the upper house with a representation of the grievances of the clergy , which was fiercely critical of the way the bishops were running the church : canons were being disobeyed , discipline unenforced , whilst everywhere episcopal [people in charge] was inefficient and corrupt .

Party strife also permeated many other levels of local life , such as the enforcement of the law , the administration of parish poor relief , and even the running of charitable institutions .
party strife also permeated many other levels of local life , such as the enforcement of the law , the [people in charge] of parish poor relief , and even the running of charitable institutions .

Whig political supremacy aroused not only High Church anxieties about the security of the established Church , but also fears about Whig warmongering and the concomitant high taxation , which were intensified when the new administration began impeachment proceedings against those responsible for the Tory peace of 1713 .
whig political supremacy aroused not only high church anxieties about the security of the established church , but also fears about whig warmongering and the concomitant high taxation , which were intensified when the new [people in charge] began impeachment proceedings against those responsible for the tory peace of 1713 .

Creeping inflation during the 1950s and 1960s and periods of rapid inflation in the 1970s and 1980s reduced real values while the Conservative administration of the 1980s at first reduced the government 's borrowing requirement and then , during three years , ran a fiscal surplus and repaid debt .
creeping inflation during the 1950s and 1960s and periods of rapid inflation in the 1970s and 1980s reduced real values while the conservative [people in charge] of the 1980s at first reduced the government 's borrowing requirement and then , during three years , ran a fiscal surplus and repaid debt .

Despite his experimental and evasive approach to foreign policy from 1937  38  a product of his own character and temperament , divisions within his administration , and especially his fear of isolationists at home  it is still possible to detect an underlying strategy among his cryptic statements and devious tactical moves .
despite his experimental and evasive approach to foreign policy from 1937  38  a product of his own character and temperament , divisions within his [people in charge] , and especially his fear of isolationists at home  it is still possible to detect an underlying strategy among his cryptic statements and devious tactical moves .

The new Republican administration under Eisenhower from 1953 was determined to bring the war to a speedy end .
the new republican [people in charge] under eisenhower from 1953 was determined to bring the war to a speedy end .

The transition from Democrat to Republican administration in Washington in 1953 posed many problems for the British .
the transition from democrat to republican [people in charge] in washington in 1953 posed many problems for the british .

At the start of his administration Eisenhower and his colleagues gave serious thought to ways in which the United States might be able to gain advantages in the Cold War .
at the start of his [people in charge] eisenhower and his colleagues gave serious thought to ways in which the united states might be able to gain advantages in the cold war .

The secret deliberations of the Eisenhower administration show that allied ( and especially British ) advice and thinking received more attention than was realized at the time .
the secret deliberations of the eisenhower [people in charge] show that allied ( and especially british ) advice and thinking received more attention than was realized at the time .

Instead he had referred to the `` widespread disappointment and apprehension which now exists among the British with respect to the policies of the new United States administration `` .
instead he had referred to the `` widespread disappointment and apprehension which now exists among the british with respect to the policies of the new united states [people in charge] `` .

Disunity in Congress also compelled the administration to look for allies if it was to risk military involvement .
disunity in congress also compelled the [people in charge] to look for allies if it was to risk military involvement .

On 24 June Dulles himself  within the secret confines of the American administration and at the height of Anglo-American differences at the Geneva conference  conceded that , in contrast to the unpopularity of the `` tough `` American anti-communist policies in the free world , `` the British 'soft policy ' was gaining prestige and acceptance both in Europe and in Asia `` .
on 24 june dulles himself  within the secret confines of the american [people in charge] and at the height of anglo-american differences at the geneva conference  conceded that , in contrast to the unpopularity of the `` tough `` american anti-communist policies in the free world , `` the british 'soft policy ' was gaining prestige and acceptance both in europe and in asia `` .

The reasons why the Eisenhower administration acted as it did in 1956 remain potent , especially when examined without the advantages of hindsight .
the reasons why the eisenhower [people in charge] acted as it did in 1956 remain potent , especially when examined without the advantages of hindsight .

The administration also took note of the fears of American oil companies that their interests might suffer elsewhere in the Middle East as a result of the nationalization of the British company .
the [people in charge] also took note of the fears of american oil companies that their interests might suffer elsewhere in the middle east as a result of the nationalization of the british company .

Inevitably the approach of the presidential election contributed to the administration 's desire to postpone a crisis ( Dulles reminded Macmillan of this on 25 September ) .
inevitably the approach of the presidential election contributed to the [people in charge] 's desire to postpone a crisis ( dulles reminded macmillan of this on 25 september ) .

The administration lost no time in trying to regain the initiative for the United States .
the [people in charge] lost no time in trying to regain the initiative for the united states .

In practice the administration hoped the need for action would be diminished as a result of the bold tone of the Doctrine .
in practice the [people in charge] hoped the need for action would be diminished as a result of the bold tone of the doctrine .

Such divisions in fact provided Macmillan with exactly the sort of opening he required early in the Kennedy administration .
such divisions in fact provided macmillan with exactly the sort of opening he required early in the kennedy [people in charge] .

Their case was strengthened by the fact that the support given by the Eisenhower administration to the militant anti-communists had succeeded only in intensifying the faction fighting in Laos .
their case was strengthened by the fact that the support given by the eisenhower [people in charge] to the militant anti-communists had succeeded only in intensifying the faction fighting in laos .

We do not , for instance , know much about the administration of a civitas .
we do not , for instance , know much about the [people in charge] of a civitas .

Further , it is only for the kingdom of the Burgundians that there is evidence for anything like an all-embracing comital structure , and while most , if not all , Merovingian civitates must have had their comites , or in the north , their graphiones , in all probability local administration could vary according to regional tradition and to the will of an individual king , whose main concern was to ensure the loyalty of and to realize the revenues from his civitates .
further , it is only for the kingdom of the burgundians that there is evidence for anything like an all-embracing comital structure , and while most , if not all , merovingian civitates must have had their comites , or in the north , their graphiones , in all probability local [people in charge] could vary according to regional tradition and to the will of an individual king , whose main concern was to ensure the loyalty of and to realize the revenues from his civitates .

Much eludes us about the government of the Merovingian civitates , but some aspects of their role within the administration of the kingdom are reasonably clear .
much eludes us about the government of the merovingian civitates , but some aspects of their role within the [people in charge] of the kingdom are reasonably clear .

Constantine the Great , it is true , gave the bishops a more substantial role in the administration of justice , but this was reduced during the fourth and fifth centuries .
constantine the great , it is true , gave the bishops a more substantial role in the [people in charge] of justice , but this was reduced during the fourth and fifth centuries .

Desiderius of Cahors was extremely active in what might be seen as secular aspects of city administration .
desiderius of cahors was extremely active in what might be seen as secular aspects of city [people in charge] .

He was , nevertheless , elected to the see of the Auvergne , and he took over the administration of the diocese .
he was , nevertheless , elected to the see of the auvergne , and he took over the [people in charge] of the diocese .

He was opposed by at least one cleric , Proculus , who took over the administration of the diocese , and scarcely allowed the bishop enough to eat .
he was opposed by at least one cleric , proculus , who took over the [people in charge] of the diocese , and scarcely allowed the bishop enough to eat .

By closing down Polish educational institutions ( notably the university at Vil'na and the lyce at Krzemieniec ) , by suppressing the Uniate Church ( in 1839 ) , by abolishing Magdeburg Law in Kiev ( in 1835 ) and the Lithuanian Statute throughout the region ( in 1840 ) , by promoting the publication of history books which argued that the western provinces had been Russian from time immemorial , by depriving many Poles of noble status , by promoting the interests of their Ukrainian and Belorussian serfs , and by insisting that local administration be conducted in Russian , he sought to make clear what he meant by allowing `` Nationality `` , narodnost ' , to be attached to `` Orthodoxy `` and `` Autocracy `` in the celebrated circular of 1833 .
by closing down polish educational institutions ( notably the university at vil'na and the lyce at krzemieniec ) , by suppressing the uniate church ( in 1839 ) , by abolishing magdeburg law in kiev ( in 1835 ) and the lithuanian statute throughout the region ( in 1840 ) , by promoting the publication of history books which argued that the western provinces had been russian from time immemorial , by depriving many poles of noble status , by promoting the interests of their ukrainian and belorussian serfs , and by insisting that local [people in charge] be conducted in russian , he sought to make clear what he meant by allowing `` nationality `` , narodnost ' , to be attached to `` orthodoxy `` and `` autocracy `` in the celebrated circular of 1833 .

After obliging the last autonomous ruler of the Ukrainian heartland to resign ( in 1764 ) and breaking up the Ukrainian Cossacks ( in 1775 ) , Catherine the Great had subjected Ukrainians to the poll tax and extended to their territory her reform of Russian provincial administration .
after obliging the last autonomous ruler of the ukrainian heartland to resign ( in 1764 ) and breaking up the ukrainian cossacks ( in 1775 ) , catherine the great had subjected ukrainians to the poll tax and extended to their territory her reform of russian provincial [people in charge] .

After an abortive attempt to force Shamil into the open in 1845 , Vorontsov combined a policy of gradually strangling the rebellious highlanders with an approach to civil administration which allowed natives a little room for manoeuvre .
after an abortive attempt to force shamil into the open in 1845 , vorontsov combined a policy of gradually strangling the rebellious highlanders with an approach to civil [people in charge] which allowed natives a little room for manoeuvre .

Financial considerations may have played as big a part as stupidity in explaining the military administration 's failure to switch from smooth-bore to rifled muskets before the Crimean War .
financial considerations may have played as big a part as stupidity in explaining the military [people in charge] 's failure to switch from smooth-bore to rifled muskets before the crimean war .

The Minister of War probably had the most influential voice , for one of his officials , Dmitrii Miliutin  older brother of Nikolai , the `` enlightened bureaucrat `` who had redesigned St Petersburg 's municipal administration in 1846  had armed him with a wide-ranging and incisive brief entitled `` On the danger of continuing military action in 1856 `` .
the minister of war probably had the most influential voice , for one of his officials , dmitrii miliutin  older brother of nikolai , the `` enlightened bureaucrat `` who had redesigned st petersburg 's municipal [people in charge] in 1846  had armed him with a wide-ranging and incisive brief entitled `` on the danger of continuing military action in 1856 `` .

The Dean of his Faculty in Moscow informed him that his view of medieval Russian administration was too bleak .
the dean of his faculty in moscow informed him that his view of medieval russian [people in charge] was too bleak .

Chicherin ( with benefit of hindsight ) described the challenges which lay ahead as follows : [ Alexander ] was called upon to execute one of the hardest tasks which can confront an autocratic ruler : to completely remodel the enormous state which had been entrusted to his care , to abolish an age-old order founded on slavery , to replace it with civic decency and freedom , to establish justice in a country which had never known the meaning of legality , to redesign the entire administration , to introduce freedom of the press in the context of untrammelled authority , to call new forces to life at every turn and set them on firm legal foundations , to put a repressed and humiliated society on its feet and to give it the chance to flex its muscles .
chicherin ( with benefit of hindsight ) described the challenges which lay ahead as follows : [ alexander ] was called upon to execute one of the hardest tasks which can confront an autocratic ruler : to completely remodel the enormous state which had been entrusted to his care , to abolish an age-old order founded on slavery , to replace it with civic decency and freedom , to establish justice in a country which had never known the meaning of legality , to redesign the entire [people in charge] , to introduce freedom of the press in the context of untrammelled authority , to call new forces to life at every turn and set them on firm legal foundations , to put a repressed and humiliated society on its feet and to give it the chance to flex its muscles .

He seemed , indeed , to have become much more decisive altogether , for at exactly the same time as he signed the rescript , he created a new governmental body under his own chairmanship , the Council of Ministers , whose purpose was apparently to strengthen his grip on the central administration .
he seemed , indeed , to have become much more decisive altogether , for at exactly the same time as he signed the rescript , he created a new governmental body under his own chairmanship , the council of ministers , whose purpose was apparently to strengthen his grip on the central [people in charge] .

On the right of the spectrum , nobles in the province of Tula lamented the effect of emancipation on their economic interests and sought a way of preventing the central administration from overriding their interests in the future .
on the right of the spectrum , nobles in the province of tula lamented the effect of emancipation on their economic interests and sought a way of preventing the central [people in charge] from overriding their interests in the future .

It is doubtful , indeed , whether the difficulties it faced in 1861 and 1862 were as great as they look , and it is highly unlikely that the tsar decided in 1861 to substitute conservatives for reformers at the heart of the imperial administration .
it is doubtful , indeed , whether the difficulties it faced in 1861 and 1862 were as great as they look , and it is highly unlikely that the tsar decided in 1861 to substitute conservatives for reformers at the heart of the imperial [people in charge] .

As we saw in Chapter Five , even in the reign of Nicholas contradictory principles had informed the autocracy 's attitude towards administration .
as we saw in chapter five , even in the reign of nicholas contradictory principles had informed the autocracy 's attitude towards [people in charge] .

In conception they were a `` first step toward further reforms in the field of local administration and the courts `` .
in conception they were a `` first step toward further reforms in the field of local [people in charge] and the courts `` .

To bring the second of these into being , the authors of the 1861 legislation created a level of local administration below the levels which existed already .
to bring the second of these into being , the authors of the 1861 legislation created a level of local [people in charge] below the levels which existed already .

Although the new level of provincial administration gave peasants an additional form of self-government , its real purpose was the improvement of St Petersburg 's line-management .
although the new level of provincial [people in charge] gave peasants an additional form of self-government , its real purpose was the improvement of st petersburg 's line-management .

On paper , they were the most significant addition to the structure of Russian local government since Catherine the Great 's reconstruction of provincial administration in 1775 .
on paper , they were the most significant addition to the structure of russian local government since catherine the great 's reconstruction of provincial [people in charge] in 1775 .

Their creation appeared to mark a clear victory for the `` representative `` approach to administration at the expense of the `` personal `` and the `` ministerial `` .
their creation appeared to mark a clear victory for the `` representative `` approach to [people in charge] at the expense of the `` personal `` and the `` ministerial `` .

Having relied on the administration to perpetrate abuses on their behalf , they now believed that it was abandoning them .
having relied on the [people in charge] to perpetrate abuses on their behalf , they now believed that it was abandoning them .

Joint sessions of JPs constituted the second tier of the new judicial administration .
joint sessions of jps constituted the second tier of the new judicial [people in charge] .

Usually again there was a department which controlled the internal administration of the ministry and its finances ; sometimes this was also involved in the appointment and promotion of diplomats .
usually again there was a department which controlled the internal [people in charge] of the ministry and its finances ; sometimes this was also involved in the appointment and promotion of diplomats .

So he persuades his man with a natural talent for the proper administration of worldly affairs that to neglect this because of a preoccupation with spiritual meditation could be unwise .
so he persuades his man with a natural talent for the proper [people in charge] of worldly affairs that to neglect this because of a preoccupation with spiritual meditation could be unwise .

This is a simple enough idea but when the same structure is made to apply to government , labour relations , the administration of justice , or mystical communication according to context , we find it confusing .
this is a simple enough idea but when the same structure is made to apply to government , labour relations , the [people in charge] of justice , or mystical communication according to context , we find it confusing .

Two sources are used : poor law settlement records , which can provide evidence on male and female wages , unemployment and on labour mobility to industrial regions , and parish overseers ' accounts , which allow detailed analysis of the seasonal and yearly nature of unemployment , and of the administration of the poor law .
two sources are used : poor law settlement records , which can provide evidence on male and female wages , unemployment and on labour mobility to industrial regions , and parish overseers ' accounts , which allow detailed analysis of the seasonal and yearly nature of unemployment , and of the [people in charge] of the poor law .

While it was at first related to a vocational interest in commerce and administration , it developed during the twentieth century into a specialist and academic science , rather than a field of practical commercial study .
while it was at first related to a vocational interest in commerce and [people in charge] , it developed during the twentieth century into a specialist and academic science , rather than a field of practical commercial study .

The role of poor relief , the Settlement law , pauper apprenticeship and other aspects of vestry administration upon the growth of industry can also be assessed .
the role of poor relief , the settlement law , pauper apprenticeship and other aspects of vestry [people in charge] upon the growth of industry can also be assessed .

Working class family life was subject to varying customs and conditions in different industries and to local variation in the administration of legislation ; therefore , it is best studied in a particular area , in this case , the Staffordshire Potteries .
working class family life was subject to varying customs and conditions in different industries and to local variation in the [people in charge] of legislation ; therefore , it is best studied in a particular area , in this case , the staffordshire potteries .

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Public administration ; Research facilities ; Central government ; Public and administrative law
public [people in charge] ; research facilities ; central government ; public and administrative law

Royal Institute of Public Administration
royal institute of public [people in charge]

Economic history ; Public policy and decision making ; Public administration
economic history ; public policy and decision making ; public [people in charge]

Department of Social Science and Administration
department of social science and [people in charge]

10 : Economic and social history ; 03 : Social administration
10 : economic and social history ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Research facilities ; Economic history ; Economic planning ; Public administration
research facilities ; economic history ; economic planning ; public [people in charge]

School of Finance and Administration
school of finance and [people in charge]

Economic policy ; Public administration
economic policy ; public [people in charge]

School of Finance and Administration
school of finance and [people in charge]

Department of Business and Administration
department of business and [people in charge]

11 : Management and business studies ; 01 : Economics ; 09 : Environmental planning ; 03 : Social administration
11 : management and business studies ; 01 : economics ; 09 : environmental planning ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Energy ; Public administration ; Public policy and decision making ; Conflict studies ; Environmental and rural affairs
energy ; public [people in charge] ; public policy and decision making ; conflict studies ; environmental and rural affairs

Accountancy ; Occupations and professions ; Organisational studies ; Public administration ; Public policy and decision making ; Social theory
accountancy ; occupations and professions ; organisational studies ; public [people in charge] ; public policy and decision making ; social theory

Management studies ; Organisation studies ; Educational administration
management studies ; organisation studies ; educational [people in charge]

Central government ; Local government ; Public policy and decision making ; Urban and regional development ; Public administration
central government ; local government ; public policy and decision making ; urban and regional development ; public [people in charge]

Accountancy ; Public administration ; Central government
accountancy ; public [people in charge] ; central government

The promotion of an improvement in the management of government has been a hallmark of the Conservative Administration since 1979 .
the promotion of an improvement in the management of government has been a hallmark of the conservative [people in charge] since 1979 .

01 : Economics ; 08 : Human geography ; 09 : Environmental planning ; 03 : Social administration
01 : economics ; 08 : human geography ; 09 : environmental planning ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Public finance and expenditure ; Public administration
public finance and expenditure ; public [people in charge]

Public finance and expenditure ; Public administration
public finance and expenditure ; public [people in charge]

Results will be published in a book covering the whole field of tax administration and compliance , and in additional articles .
results will be published in a book covering the whole field of tax [people in charge] and compliance , and in additional articles .

The study is re- examining the national accounts measurement of government services ; it argues that most public servants in fact do things which can be measured and it provides some alternative estimates for real output growth in education , health and public administration ( which compares well with broadly analogous private financial services ) .
the study is re- examining the national accounts measurement of government services ; it argues that most public servants in fact do things which can be measured and it provides some alternative estimates for real output growth in education , health and public [people in charge] ( which compares well with broadly analogous private financial services ) .

01 : Economics ; 05 : Political science and international relations ; 06 : Social administration
01 : economics ; 05 : political science and international relations ; 06 : social [people in charge]

Economic policy ; Industrial economics ; Investment ; Public finance and expenditure ; Profitability and competitiveness ; Public administration ; Public policy and decision making ; Economics of regulation
economic policy ; industrial economics ; investment ; public finance and expenditure ; profitability and competitiveness ; public [people in charge] ; public policy and decision making ; economics of regulation

10 : Economic and social history ; 01 : Economics ; 03 : Social administration
10 : economic and social history ; 01 : economics ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Business economics ; Public administration ; Profitability and competitiveness ; Organisational studies
business economics ; public [people in charge] ; profitability and competitiveness ; organisational studies

The administration of President Frei ( 1964-70 ) initiated a land reform programme which was accelerated by the Popular Unity government of President Allende ( 1970-73 ) .
the [people in charge] of president frei ( 1964-70 ) initiated a land reform programme which was accelerated by the popular unity government of president allende ( 1970-73 ) .

Industrial economics ; Public administration ; Management studies
industrial economics ; public [people in charge] ; management studies

Secondary measures of the effectiveness of aid schemes , such as improvement of industrial structure by promotion of rapidly growing industries or minimisation of the time spent by business on scheme administration , will also be used .
secondary measures of the effectiveness of aid schemes , such as improvement of industrial structure by promotion of rapidly growing industries or minimisation of the time spent by business on scheme [people in charge] , will also be used .

The Labour administration elected to the Greater London Council in 1981 was committed to an extensive programme of economic intervention , to be supported by economic research on a larger scale than previously experienced in local government and with radically new approaches to generating and implementing policy .
the labour [people in charge] elected to the greater london council in 1981 was committed to an extensive programme of economic intervention , to be supported by economic research on a larger scale than previously experienced in local government and with radically new approaches to generating and implementing policy .

Vietnamese Communism had to cope with the problems of economic reconstruction in an area devastated by the years of war , and also with the integration of the South into the methods of social administration and economic management that were used in the North .
vietnamese communism had to cope with the problems of economic reconstruction in an area devastated by the years of war , and also with the integration of the south into the methods of social [people in charge] and economic management that were used in the north .

The journal contains material of interest to historians concerned with late colonial Nigeria , and with the developments among the Nupe people and their neighbours at this time ; and material which illuminates how one body of anthropological field research was carried out against the background of colonial administration .
the journal contains material of interest to historians concerned with late colonial nigeria , and with the developments among the nupe people and their neighbours at this time ; and material which illuminates how one body of anthropological field research was carried out against the background of colonial [people in charge] .

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Crime and criminal justice ; Accountancy ; Money and finance ; Occupations and professions ; Public administration ; Public and administrative law
crime and criminal justice ; accountancy ; money and finance ; occupations and professions ; public [people in charge] ; public and administrative law

03 : Social administration ; 02 : 12 : Sociology ; Socio-legal studies
03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : 12 : sociology ; socio-legal studies

12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Public administration ; Environmental and rural affairs ; Inequality ; Welfare and social services
public [people in charge] ; environmental and rural affairs ; inequality ; welfare and social services

Institute of Judicial Administration
institute of judicial [people in charge]

12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

It was recognised in the fifteenth century that the right had to give way to the public interest in the administration ofjustice .
it was recognised in the fifteenth century that the right had to give way to the public interest in the [people in charge] ofjustice .

12 : Socio-legal studies ; 07 : Education ; 03 : Social administration
12 : socio-legal studies ; 07 : education ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Science and Administration
department of social science and [people in charge]

02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social Administration
02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration ; 01 : Economics
02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 01 : economics

02 : Sociology ; 11 : Management and business studies ; 03 : Social administration
02 : sociology ; 11 : management and business studies ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Occupations and professions ; Public administration ; Employee management and relations
occupations and professions ; public [people in charge] ; employee management and relations

02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

02 : Sociology ; 05 : Political science and international relations ; 03 : Social administration
02 : sociology ; 05 : political science and international relations ; 03 : social [people in charge]

It is possible that if the system of keeping medical records was computerised , the records might be more readily accessible and therefore more useful for the purposes of patient management , research and administration .
it is possible that if the system of keeping medical records was computerised , the records might be more readily accessible and therefore more useful for the purposes of patient management , research and [people in charge] .

03 : Social administration ; 12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology

15 : Statistics , computing and methodology ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
15 : statistics , computing and methodology ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration ; 05 : Political science and international relations
02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 05 : political science and international relations

02 : 12 : Sociology ; Socio-legal studies ; 03 : Social administration
02 : 12 : sociology ; socio-legal studies ; 03 : social [people in charge]

02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Employment ; Public administration
employment ; public [people in charge]

02 : Sociology ; 07 : Education ; 03 : Social Administration ; 12 : Socio-legal Studies
02 : sociology ; 07 : education ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 12 : socio-legal studies

02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

07 : Education ; 03 : Social administration ; 02 : Sociology
07 : education ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 02 : Sociology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 02 : Sociology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

03 : Social administration ; 02 : Sociology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

Tourism , recreation and leisure ; Public administration ; Central government ; Local government ; Public policy and decision making
tourism , recreation and leisure ; public [people in charge] ; central government ; local government ; public policy and decision making

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 01 : Economics
03 : social [people in charge] ; 01 : economics

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

Social Science and Administration
social science and [people in charge]

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 04 : Psychology ; 15 : Statistics , computing and methodology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 04 : psychology ; 15 : statistics , computing and methodology

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

3 : Social administration
3 : social [people in charge]

The research agenda encompasses the challenge posed by public management-type reforms to established modes of policy planning and administrative evaluation in French government , and the difficulties encountered in bringing about new administrative values and behaviour in a country where public administration is regulated by administrative law norms that privilege the State in its dealings with citizens .
the research agenda encompasses the challenge posed by public management-type reforms to established modes of policy planning and administrative evaluation in french government , and the difficulties encountered in bringing about new administrative values and behaviour in a country where public [people in charge] is regulated by administrative law norms that privilege the state in its dealings with citizens .

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

3 : Social administration
3 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

3 : Social administration
3 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

3 : Social administration
3 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 05 : Political science and international relations
03 : social [people in charge] ; 05 : political science and international relations

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Organisational studies ; Public administration ; Central government ; Local government ; Public policy and decision making ; Health and health studies ; Welfare and social services
organisational studies ; public [people in charge] ; central government ; local government ; public policy and decision making ; health and health studies ; welfare and social services

3 : Social administration
3 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 05 : Political science and international relations
03 : social [people in charge] ; 05 : political science and international relations

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 05 : Political science and international relations ; 10 : Economic and social history
03 : social [people in charge] ; 05 : political science and international relations ; 10 : economic and social history

Education and culture ; Education systems ; Public administration ; Comparative politics ; Political behaviour and attitudes ; Public policy and decision making ; Area studies ; Housing ; Social history ; Health and health studies ; Welfare and social service ; Education policy ; Social integration
education and culture ; education systems ; public [people in charge] ; comparative politics ; political behaviour and attitudes ; public policy and decision making ; area studies ; housing ; social history ; health and health studies ; welfare and social service ; education policy ; social integration

[ 03 : Social administration ]
[ 03 : social [people in charge] ]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

08 : Human geography ; 04 : Psychology ; 03 : Social administration ; 06 : Social anthropology ; 02 : Sociology ; 15 : Statistics , computing and methodology
08 : human geography ; 04 : psychology ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 06 : social anthropology ; 02 : sociology ; 15 : statistics , computing and methodology

Employee management and relations ; Organisational studies ; Public administration ; Research methods ; Local government ; Public policy and decision making ; Environmental and rural affairs ; Housing ; Social structure ; Social change ; Social theory ; Welfare and social services ; Health and health studies ; Ageing and the elderly ; Social interaction ; Social psychology ; Research process ; Quality control
employee management and relations ; organisational studies ; public [people in charge] ; research methods ; local government ; public policy and decision making ; environmental and rural affairs ; housing ; social structure ; social change ; social theory ; welfare and social services ; health and health studies ; ageing and the elderly ; social interaction ; social psychology ; research process ; quality control

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration and Social Work ( Social Policy Research Unit )
department of social [people in charge] and social work ( social policy research unit )

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 02 : Sociology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

[ 03 : Social Administration ]
[ 03 : social [people in charge] ]

14 : Area studies ; 03 : Social administration ; 02 : Sociology
14 : area studies ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

Mr Frank Loughran of the University of Bristol ( Department of Social Administration ) is Research Co-ordinator for this initiative .
mr frank loughran of the university of bristol ( department of social [people in charge] ) is research co-ordinator for this initiative .

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social Administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social Administration ; 02 : Sociology
03 : social [people in charge] ; 02 : sociology

[ 03 : Social Administration ]
[ 03 : social [people in charge] ]

[ 03 : Social Administration ; 08 : Human Geography ]
[ 03 : social [people in charge] ; 08 : human geography ]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

[ 03 : Social Administration ]
[ 03 : social [people in charge] ]

[ 03 : Social Administration ]
[ 03 : social [people in charge] ]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

09 : Environmental planning ; 08 : Human geography ; 03 : Social administration
09 : environmental planning ; 08 : human geography ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 15 : Statistics , computing and methodolgy
03 : social [people in charge] ; 15 : statistics , computing and methodolgy

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

11 : Management and business studies ; 05 : Political science and international relations ; 03 : Social administration
11 : management and business studies ; 05 : political science and international relations ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Management studies ; Organisational studies ; Public administration ; Central government ; Public policy and decision making
management studies ; organisational studies ; public [people in charge] ; central government ; public policy and decision making

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

03 : Social administration ; 10 : Economic and social history
03 : social [people in charge] ; 10 : economic and social history

03 : Social administration
03 : social [people in charge]

08 : Human geography ; 03 : Social administration
08 : human geography ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Social policy ; Health and health studies ; Public administration
social policy ; health and health studies ; public [people in charge]

07 : Education ; 02 : Sociology ; 03 : Social administration
07 : education ; 02 : sociology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Educational administration
educational [people in charge]

Educational administration ; Research methods ; Schools education ; Social behaviour ; Organisational studies
educational [people in charge] ; research methods ; schools education ; social behaviour ; organisational studies

Department of Educational Administration
department of educational [people in charge]

07 : Education ; 03 : Social administration ; 09 : Environmental planning
07 : education ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 09 : environmental planning

Educational administration ; Local government ; Public policy and decision making ; Public finance and expenditure
educational [people in charge] ; local government ; public policy and decision making ; public finance and expenditure

Educational administration ; Education systems ; Education policy
educational [people in charge] ; education systems ; education policy

Curriculum ; Learning processes and methods ; Information technology ; Educational administration ; Schools education
curriculum ; learning processes and methods ; information technology ; educational [people in charge] ; schools education

Research during the 1970s showed that the concentration of service employment in southern Britain was related to the increasing dominance in the economy of large multi-site companies with their head office , administration and associated satellite suppliers near London .
research during the 1970s showed that the concentration of service employment in southern britain was related to the increasing dominance in the economy of large multi-site companies with their head office , [people in charge] and associated satellite suppliers near london .

Local government ; Public administration
local government ; public [people in charge]

The interpretation of what the comparison shows will be made in the light of the changes in the administration of planning which took place in 1975 with the reform of Local Government .
the interpretation of what the comparison shows will be made in the light of the changes in the [people in charge] of planning which took place in 1975 with the reform of local government .

Department of Social Administration and Policy
department of social [people in charge] and policy

09 : Environmental planning ; 14 : Area studies ; 03 : Social administration
09 : environmental planning ; 14 : area studies ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Implications of the concept for the shape of public administration and environmental policy in the 1990 's will be assessed .
implications of the concept for the shape of public [people in charge] and environmental policy in the 1990 's will be assessed .

The Ulster human rights group , the Committee on the Administration of Justice , has expressed its disappointment at the decision .
the ulster human rights group , the committee on the [people in charge] of justice , has expressed its disappointment at the decision .

Communication within their administration systems .
communication within their [people in charge] systems .

This section of the plan should be objective , detailed and accurate , describing honestly the position in the main areas of activity  membership , administration , domestic competition , recruitment and education of coaches , preparation and training of representative teams , participation in international competition , contributing to the business of international federations .
this section of the plan should be objective , detailed and accurate , describing honestly the position in the main areas of activity  membership , [people in charge] , domestic competition , recruitment and education of coaches , preparation and training of representative teams , participation in international competition , contributing to the business of international federations .

Estimates of income from various sources , and expenditure under areas of activity usually including administration , coaching , training and competition .
estimates of income from various sources , and expenditure under areas of activity usually including [people in charge] , coaching , training and competition .

In an attempt to reduce administration costs , in future we will only notify your drug control officials of positive test results .
in an attempt to reduce [people in charge] costs , in future we will only notify your drug control officials of positive test results .

The past year has seen very few problems concerning the administration of drug testing programmes .
the past year has seen very few problems concerning the [people in charge] of drug testing programmes .

05 : Political science and international relations ; 03 : Social administration
05 : political science and international relations ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Research facilities ; Public administration ; Central government ; Public policy and decision making
research facilities ; public [people in charge] ; central government ; public policy and decision making

Members of Parliament are being asked about such matters as their degree of satisfaction with the quantity and quality of financial information available to them and the extent to which they feel that MPs can and should be closely involved in scrutinising the management of government , together with their  unstructured  personal response to the problem of the control of the public administration by the House of Commons .
members of parliament are being asked about such matters as their degree of satisfaction with the quantity and quality of financial information available to them and the extent to which they feel that mps can and should be closely involved in scrutinising the management of government , together with their  unstructured  personal response to the problem of the control of the public [people in charge] by the house of commons .

As heads of the paid service and principal policy advisers , with primary responsibility for implementation of the council decisions and effectiveness of their authorities ' administration as a whole , chief executives are the key-link between their councils and their staffs .
as heads of the paid service and principal policy advisers , with primary responsibility for implementation of the council decisions and effectiveness of their authorities ' [people in charge] as a whole , chief executives are the key-link between their councils and their staffs .

With support from the Royal Institute of Public Administration and the Society of Local Authority Chief EXecutives in planning and execution , the research studies the genesis of the role , its development over time in response in different and changing environments , its present status , problems and fitness to needs , the characteristics of its occupants , and directions in which the local government executive function might most aptly develop to meet postulated future needs of local communities and environmental change .
with support from the royal institute of public [people in charge] and the society of local authority chief executives in planning and execution , the research studies the genesis of the role , its development over time in response in different and changing environments , its present status , problems and fitness to needs , the characteristics of its occupants , and directions in which the local government executive function might most aptly develop to meet postulated future needs of local communities and environmental change .

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Public administration ; Central government
public [people in charge] ; central government

Comparative politics ; Local government ; Public administration
comparative politics ; local government ; public [people in charge]

Since 1976 , the use of the grant by local authorities and its administration by the Home Office has been criticised .
since 1976 , the use of the grant by local authorities and its [people in charge] by the home office has been criticised .

Department of Administration ( Strathclyde Business School )
department of [people in charge] ( strathclyde business school )

Organisational studies ; Management studies ; Public administration
organisational studies ; management studies ; public [people in charge]

Department of Public Administration and Legal Studies
department of public [people in charge] and legal studies

Public policy and decision making ; Public administration ; Employee management and relations ; Industrial structure
public policy and decision making ; public [people in charge] ; employee management and relations ; industrial structure

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Public administration ; Research methods ; Organisational studies ; Central government
public [people in charge] ; research methods ; organisational studies ; central government

By combining such indicators , a quantitative picture can be presented of what has happened in British central government administration over the period both corporately and in individual departments ; and the question of whether changes in one dimension are related to changes in others can be examined .
by combining such indicators , a quantitative picture can be presented of what has happened in british central government [people in charge] over the period both corporately and in individual departments ; and the question of whether changes in one dimension are related to changes in others can be examined .

Ethnic and Race Relations ; Organisational studies ; Employment ; Public administration ; Local government
ethnic and race relations ; organisational studies ; employment ; public [people in charge] ; local government

Information technology ; Public administration ; Comparative politics
information technology ; public [people in charge] ; comparative politics

Department of Social Policy and Administration
department of social policy and [people in charge]

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Public administration ; Welfare and social services
public [people in charge] ; welfare and social services

Local government ; Public administration ; Public policy and decision making ; Accountancy
local government ; public [people in charge] ; public policy and decision making ; accountancy

05 : Political science and international relations ; 03 : Social administration ; 12 : Socio-legal studies ; 02 : Sociology
05 : political science and international relations ; 03 : social [people in charge] ; 12 : socio-legal studies ; 02 : sociology

Public policy and decision making ; Political theory and ideology ; Central government ; Local government ; Public administration ; Economic theory ; Economic policy
public policy and decision making ; political theory and ideology ; central government ; local government ; public [people in charge] ; economic theory ; economic policy

Central government ; Welfare and social services ; Educational administration
central government ; welfare and social services ; educational [people in charge]

Public administration
public [people in charge]

Management studies ; Public administration
management studies ; public [people in charge]

Department of Administration
department of [people in charge]

Development studies ; Public policy and decision making ; Local government ; Political behaviour and attitudes ; Political organisations ; Public administration ; Area studies ; Economic policy ; Social policy
development studies ; public policy and decision making ; local government ; political behaviour and attitudes ; political organisations ; public [people in charge] ; area studies ; economic policy ; social policy

Department of Economics and Public Administration
department of economics and public [people in charge]

Though they are in no sense elementary in their approach they are designed to be read with benefit by all who have  some experience of the industry and of the administration of engineering contracts  .
though they are in no sense elementary in their approach they are designed to be read with benefit by all who have  some experience of the industry and of the [people in charge] of engineering contracts  .

Generally the provisions affecting settled property properly so-called  where the property is held by trustees for administration in accordance with the terms of a deed of settlement  are framed round the conception of the trust beneficiary as the transferor of the property involved in any transfer of value which takes place in consequence of any dealing with the property by way of advances out of the capital or disposal of his beneficial interest or termination of that interest by surrender or on death .
generally the provisions affecting settled property properly so-called  where the property is held by trustees for [people in charge] in accordance with the terms of a deed of settlement  are framed round the conception of the trust beneficiary as the transferor of the property involved in any transfer of value which takes place in consequence of any dealing with the property by way of advances out of the capital or disposal of his beneficial interest or termination of that interest by surrender or on death .

As Chairman of the Games Administration Committee Sean McCague is determined to meet breaches of discipline head on .
as chairman of the games [people in charge] committee sean mccague is determined to meet breaches of discipline head on .

The schools chief said the 1986  Top Structure Review  by Coopers and Lybrand was an internal administration document which would not be published .
the schools chief said the 1986  top structure review  by coopers and lybrand was an internal [people in charge] document which would not be published .

This was a suggestion that the divisional structure of the Department should reflect the regional structure of education administration in Northern Ireland rather than  the functional areas of educational activity  .
this was a suggestion that the divisional structure of the department should reflect the regional structure of education [people in charge] in northern ireland rather than  the functional areas of educational activity  .

The Science server should be replaced in 1996/97 , and the Administration server in 1997/98 .
the science server should be replaced in 1996/97 , and the [people in charge] server in 1997/98 .

1997/98 Administration server 6,000
1997/98 [people in charge] server 6,000

Our current network strategy is that we are running a single Ethernet composed of three segments from three servers ( Science , Administration , Library ) linked by thin Ethernet through repeaters .
our current network strategy is that we are running a single ethernet composed of three segments from three servers ( science , [people in charge] , library ) linked by thin ethernet through repeaters .

4.4 Directorate , Administration and Central Services
4.4 directorate , [people in charge] and central services

The existing Administration file-server , due for replacement in 1992 , would form a good platform for Estates computing , running AutoCAD and the new Maintenance software .
the existing [people in charge] file-server , due for replacement in 1992 , would form a good platform for estates computing , running autocad and the new maintenance software .

Administration server 6000
[people in charge] server 6000

There are currently three main Local Area Networks ( LANs )  for specialist Plant Records , Administration , and Library software .
there are currently three main local area networks ( lans )  for specialist plant records , [people in charge] , and library software .

Broadly speaking , the  internal  resources ( Library , Science , Photography , Publications ) are managed by the Deputy Keeper , or Garden Secretary ( Administration , Estates ) .
broadly speaking , the  internal  resources ( library , science , photography , publications ) are managed by the deputy keeper , or garden secretary ( [people in charge] , estates ) .

8a-c Administration
8a-c [people in charge]

Charging out of administration and estates overheads to cost centres .
charging out of [people in charge] and estates overheads to cost centres .

The public comes into contact with our information resources at most points , with the exception of some of the more specialised sources which we use internally , such as computer data , administration files , and communications .
the public comes into contact with our information resources at most points , with the exception of some of the more specialised sources which we use internally , such as computer data , [people in charge] files , and communications .

Both Librarian and Chief Photographer need to work closely together on the administration of the collection , and we do not foresee any difficulty in this area .
both librarian and chief photographer need to work closely together on the [people in charge] of the collection , and we do not foresee any difficulty in this area .

Organisation & Administration ( marketing , user studies , services , loan systems )
organisation & [people in charge] ( marketing , user studies , services , loan systems )

Para 5.2.3 Under the provisions of the Garden 's Corporate Plan , the postholder will chair the Information and Central Services Planning Unit , which will cover the planning aspects of the Library , Photographic Collection , Computing , Staff Communication , Visitor Information , Public Relations , Publicity , Publications , Administration and Estates , within the Garden 's planning cycle .
para 5.2.3 under the provisions of the garden 's corporate plan , the postholder will chair the information and central services planning unit , which will cover the planning aspects of the library , photographic collection , computing , staff communication , visitor information , public relations , publicity , publications , [people in charge] and estates , within the garden 's planning cycle .

The administration of the business has been rationalised and the need for specialists in a range of disciplines has become apparent .
the [people in charge] of the business has been rationalised and the need for specialists in a range of disciplines has become apparent .

The workload of senior managers has broadened in terms of organisation , administration and business development .
the workload of senior managers has broadened in terms of organisation , [people in charge] and business development .

4.1  Recruitment Administration Systems
4.1  recruitment [people in charge] systems

The emphasis needs to be on alleviating the problems of day-to-day administration , which can exert a disruptive effect on a personnel department because of the large amounts of work created for short amounts of time .
the emphasis needs to be on alleviating the problems of day-to-day [people in charge] , which can exert a disruptive effect on a personnel department because of the large amounts of work created for short amounts of time .

In addition , recruitment is a major activity in any personnel department and it frequently gives rise to administration problems of an essentially mundane nature which are , nevertheless , a major irritant as far as the personnel manager is concerned .
in addition , recruitment is a major activity in any personnel department and it frequently gives rise to [people in charge] problems of an essentially mundane nature which are , nevertheless , a major irritant as far as the personnel manager is concerned .

Many of the general considerations which arise in connection with computerising recruitment administration are the same as those which arise whenever computerisation within the personnel department is discussed , and this makes it all the more surprising that it is so rarely considered .
many of the general considerations which arise in connection with computerising recruitment [people in charge] are the same as those which arise whenever computerisation within the personnel department is discussed , and this makes it all the more surprising that it is so rarely considered .

Of course , there may be considerations arising from the recruitment area which have a bearing on how computerization should be tackled in the other areas , but there is no doubt that a consistent overall strategy can be developed which incorporates all the major aspects of personnel administration and integrates them one with another .
of course , there may be considerations arising from the recruitment area which have a bearing on how computerization should be tackled in the other areas , but there is no doubt that a consistent overall strategy can be developed which incorporates all the major aspects of personnel [people in charge] and integrates them one with another .

This paper will concentrate on five key issues : 1 What are the overriding problems of recruitment administration ?
this paper will concentrate on five key issues : 1 what are the overriding problems of recruitment [people in charge] ?

Recruitment administration is by its nature a fluctuating activity , even if the front end of the process  the vacancy requirements  is constant .
recruitment [people in charge] is by its nature a fluctuating activity , even if the front end of the process  the vacancy requirements  is constant .

This point needs to be stressed , because recruitment administration is in many respects so mundane that outsiders to the personnel department have difficulty understanding why it should cause a problem .
this point needs to be stressed , because recruitment [people in charge] is in many respects so mundane that outsiders to the personnel department have difficulty understanding why it should cause a problem .

The problem of recruitment administration is not that the individual tasks are difficult , but that the addition of fluctuations in the level of activity makes them difficult .
the problem of recruitment [people in charge] is not that the individual tasks are difficult , but that the addition of fluctuations in the level of activity makes them difficult .

These fast update mechanisms may be referred to as the hold and terminate facilities and they have an important role in eliminating the drudgery of recruitment administration .
these fast update mechanisms may be referred to as the hold and terminate facilities and they have an important role in eliminating the drudgery of recruitment [people in charge] .

In many companies there would undoubtedly be scope for reducing staff , or at any rate switching resources to more productive tasks , bearing in mind that the system reduces recruitment administration to one tenth of the time required under a manual system .
in many companies there would undoubtedly be scope for reducing staff , or at any rate switching resources to more productive tasks , bearing in mind that the system reduces recruitment [people in charge] to one tenth of the time required under a manual system .

Although hardware developments have been significant , it is the development of new software and the associated administration systems which have had the greatest impact on the organisation , particularly so in the case of the Payroll/Personnel System .
although hardware developments have been significant , it is the development of new software and the associated [people in charge] systems which have had the greatest impact on the organisation , particularly so in the case of the payroll/personnel system .

With the introduction of such a large development , obviously extensive changes were going to be likely , not only in computer terms , but also in the administration of payroll and personnel records and in the organisational requirements for the new system .
with the introduction of such a large development , obviously extensive changes were going to be likely , not only in computer terms , but also in the [people in charge] of payroll and personnel records and in the organisational requirements for the new system .

To this end Payroll/Personnel administration departments were set up reporting to the Site Personnel Managers .
to this end payroll/personnel [people in charge] departments were set up reporting to the site personnel managers .

The one exception was at Dartford where the Payroll/Personnel Administration Department reported to a central Payroll Manager .
the one exception was at dartford where the payroll/personnel [people in charge] department reported to a central payroll manager .

This meant a heavy involvement at senior management level and a heavy workload for both the Computer Services Division and the new Payroll/Personnel Departments in order to implement and operate a system which had such a radical effect on the organisation and administration of payroll and personnel records .
this meant a heavy involvement at senior management level and a heavy workload for both the computer services division and the new payroll/personnel departments in order to implement and operate a system which had such a radical effect on the organisation and [people in charge] of payroll and personnel records .

To demonstrate how powerful software can be , here are some examples from different aspects of personnel systems : record administration , reporting , and analysis .
to demonstrate how powerful software can be , here are some examples from different aspects of personnel systems : record [people in charge] , reporting , and analysis .

Record Administration
record [people in charge]

An example of this type of report can be taken from the administration of our employee benefits package .
an example of this type of report can be taken from the [people in charge] of our employee benefits package .

It was desirable to be able to link the Personnel Information System with other items of company information  such as payroll , pensions administration , absence and overtime reports , etc .
it was desirable to be able to link the personnel information system with other items of company information  such as payroll , pensions [people in charge] , absence and overtime reports , etc .

There were problems to sort out in the church , pastoral needs , finance , administration , weeknight meetings , women 's meetings , children 's work .
there were problems to sort out in the church , pastoral needs , finance , [people in charge] , weeknight meetings , women 's meetings , children 's work .

Administration was no problem .
[people in charge] was no problem .

In practice it involved an enormous amount of administration also .
in practice it involved an enormous amount of [people in charge] also .

can be connected with provincial rather than local administration .
can be connected with provincial rather than local [people in charge] .

If we are to connect the small towns and other settlements which were provided with fortifications with the needs of provincial administration , then they should contain buildings identifiable as either the residences and offices of the local officials , or granaries and stores-buildings for the collection and security of taxes in kind .
if we are to connect the small towns and other settlements which were provided with fortifications with the needs of provincial [people in charge] , then they should contain buildings identifiable as either the residences and offices of the local officials , or granaries and stores-buildings for the collection and security of taxes in kind .

They are most closely and evenly spaced along the road from Cologne to Bavai , indicating the hand of the provincial administration ; more may yet be found on other roads .
they are most closely and evenly spaced along the road from cologne to bavai , indicating the hand of the provincial [people in charge] ; more may yet be found on other roads .

No small town in Britain can certainly qualify as a centre for the administration of an imperial estate , although a case might be made for including Godmanchester and Water Newton .
no small town in britain can certainly qualify as a centre for the [people in charge] of an imperial estate , although a case might be made for including godmanchester and water newton .

It would seem , therefore , that a vicus grew in connection with the Agricolan fort ; a writing tablet from Vindolanda records the presence of a centurio regionarius , who may have been connected with its administration .
it would seem , therefore , that a vicus grew in connection with the agricolan fort ; a writing tablet from vindolanda records the presence of a centurio regionarius , who may have been connected with its [people in charge] .

Identifying their functions is difficult without excavation , suggestions including a mansio complex and a centre for the administration of the Fens respectively .
identifying their functions is difficult without excavation , suggestions including a mansio complex and a centre for the [people in charge] of the fens respectively .

Thus it may have become the physical centre as well as the service centre for a considerable area of prime agricultural land near the junction of three units of local administration .
thus it may have become the physical centre as well as the service centre for a considerable area of prime agricultural land near the junction of three units of local [people in charge] .

Real public spending since 1979 will have shown an average growth rate of 1.4 % per annum compared with an annual rate of 1 % under the previous Labour administration .
real public spending since 1979 will have shown an average growth rate of 1.4 % per annum compared with an annual rate of 1 % under the previous labour [people in charge] .

Second , the administration of the scheme will be much easier because , unlike the Community Charge , collection is based on the household and not on the individual .
second , the [people in charge] of the scheme will be much easier because , unlike the community charge , collection is based on the household and not on the individual .

The Alliance party contended that both sections of the divided community must be involved in future administration at all levels but acceptance of the state should not preclude practical cooperation between Northern Ireland and the Republic on matters of common concern .
the alliance party contended that both sections of the divided community must be involved in future [people in charge] at all levels but acceptance of the state should not preclude practical cooperation between northern ireland and the republic on matters of common concern .

The Conservative Party was celebrating the election of another administration .
the conservative party was celebrating the election of another [people in charge] .

You may need to cover the resolution of disputes and other problems arising from the day to day administration of business .
you may need to cover the resolution of disputes and other problems arising from the day to day [people in charge] of business .

The majority of employees would probably be concerned with production , sales and marketing and general administration .
the majority of employees would probably be concerned with production , sales and marketing and general [people in charge] .

As your expertise increases so also does the opportunity to specialise and to become involved in administration , management , and the formulation and implementation of policy .
as your expertise increases so also does the opportunity to specialise and to become involved in [people in charge] , management , and the formulation and implementation of policy .

Previously , she was Assistant Director of Law and Administration [ Legal Services ] at Southampton City Council and before that Principal Solicitor at Derby city Council specialising in development and transportation .
previously , she was assistant director of law and [people in charge] [ legal services ] at southampton city council and before that principal solicitor at derby city council specialising in development and transportation .

The Administration Department consists of four divisions : Legal Services , Administrative Services , Estates Services and Personnel and Management Services .
the [people in charge] department consists of four divisions : legal services , administrative services , estates services and personnel and management services .

They will be able to challenge the charges of a solicitor executor who has carried out the administration of the estate , by applying for a Remuneration Certificate from the Law Society .
they will be able to challenge the charges of a solicitor executor who has carried out the [people in charge] of the estate , by applying for a remuneration certificate from the law society .

Some support of the sectors involved in the administration of justice , for example , by serving on Advisory Committee , Compensation Boards , The Parole Board , Mental Health Act Tribunal and assisting in appointing magistrates [ voluntary ] .
some support of the sectors involved in the [people in charge] of justice , for example , by serving on advisory committee , compensation boards , the parole board , mental health act tribunal and assisting in appointing magistrates [ voluntary ] .

Raising with the administration any defects in , or possible improvements of , the way cases are managed in the court .
raising with the [people in charge] any defects in , or possible improvements of , the way cases are managed in the court .

Contact your business secretary or Administration Office for further details .
contact your business secretary or [people in charge] office for further details .

Fortunately one company , Hammersly Technology Partners Inc , has the answer , it 's called Utopia , it runs under Windows , and it covers the vital tasks of HelpDesk , Inventory , Training Administration , and System Administration .
fortunately one company , hammersly technology partners inc , has the answer , it 's called utopia , it runs under windows , and it covers the vital tasks of helpdesk , inventory , training [people in charge] , and system [people in charge] .

The rest of the book is devoted to matters such as creating a business plan , sales and public relations , accounting , manufacturing and distribution , and business administration .
the rest of the book is devoted to matters such as creating a business plan , sales and public relations , accounting , manufacturing and distribution , and business [people in charge] .

Great Yarmouth Cargo Handling Services operations manager , Basil Farman , said :  The move to Ventureforth House will ease administration costs and allow us to become even more competitive .
great yarmouth cargo handling services operations manager , basil farman , said :  the move to ventureforth house will ease [people in charge] costs and allow us to become even more competitive .

This recognition is in no small part due to the enthusiasm and commitment of , chief mechanical engineer , and the late , personnel and administration manager .
this recognition is in no small part due to the enthusiasm and commitment of , chief mechanical engineer , and the late , personnel and [people in charge] manager .

Yvette Andrews , Wood News Correspondent for Lincoln Turbine Service in Lincoln had been quietly sitting in the administration office when her boyfriend Paul waltzed in and , on bended knee , asked her to marry him . We are pleased to announce that she accepted !
yvette andrews , wood news correspondent for lincoln turbine service in lincoln had been quietly sitting in the [people in charge] office when her boyfriend paul waltzed in and , on bended knee , asked her to marry him . we are pleased to announce that she accepted !

Mr James said :  There has always been numerous safety management regulations in engineering but until now the administration side of the business has largely been ignored .
mr james said :  there has always been numerous safety management regulations in engineering but until now the [people in charge] side of the business has largely been ignored .

Faint dot-matrix notices from ill-understood PCWs signalled one approach to parochial administration , hand-written messages in washed-out green biro about where to find the church building 's keys another .
faint dot-matrix notices from ill-understood pcws signalled one approach to parochial [people in charge] , hand-written messages in washed-out green biro about where to find the church building 's keys another .

Catheter access is necessary for the administration of transport medications into the venous system and may include the following :
catheter access is necessary for the [people in charge] of transport medications into the venous system and may include the following :

She also wanted her own business , and during her years in the trade prepared herself for this by learning as much as she could about bookshop buying , repping and wholesaling , financial administration , rights and coeditions , export sales , publicity , and paid-for promotion .
she also wanted her own business , and during her years in the trade prepared herself for this by learning as much as she could about bookshop buying , repping and wholesaling , financial [people in charge] , rights and coeditions , export sales , publicity , and paid-for promotion .

One proposal , in the works for the past two years but delayed by the change in administration , would deal with coastal ocean zones .
one proposal , in the works for the past two years but delayed by the change in [people in charge] , would deal with coastal ocean zones .

The government had argued that its proposal to include words expressing the minister 's responsibility for further and higher education in a new bill would have had little impact , because the main thrust of the bill in question was changes in the administration of schools .
the government had argued that its proposal to include words expressing the minister 's responsibility for further and higher education in a new bill would have had little impact , because the main thrust of the bill in question was changes in the [people in charge] of schools .

However in a parliamentary debate last week , members of the House of Lords , reflecting concerns expressed by many university vice-chancellors , claimed that the offending clause could be used to justify direct intervention by the government in university administration  and was , as such , an infringement on academic freedom .
however in a parliamentary debate last week , members of the house of lords , reflecting concerns expressed by many university vice-chancellors , claimed that the offending clause could be used to justify direct intervention by the government in university [people in charge]  and was , as such , an infringement on academic freedom .

The Clinton administration hopes to prevent that from happening .
the clinton [people in charge] hopes to prevent that from happening .

And he took the side of Vice President Al Gore against other cabinet members in committing the United States to lowering by 2000 its emission of greenhouse gases to 1990 levels , a provision the Bush administration had kept out of the global climate treaty signed at Rio .
and he took the side of vice president al gore against other cabinet members in committing the united states to lowering by 2000 its emission of greenhouse gases to 1990 levels , a provision the bush [people in charge] had kept out of the global climate treaty signed at rio .

In the next few months , the Clinton administration expects to conduct a broad review of federally sponsored environmental science and research .
in the next few months , the clinton [people in charge] expects to conduct a broad review of federally sponsored environmental science and research .

Jack Millar is the Director responsible for key accounts and administration .
jack millar is the director responsible for key accounts and [people in charge] .

The company strategy and plans for the Autumn Trading period were laid down by the Field Sales Director , Steve Higgins , Jack Millar , National Accounts & Administration Director presented the future strategy for major customers and outlined the plans for national promotional activity .
the company strategy and plans for the autumn trading period were laid down by the field sales director , steve higgins , jack millar , national accounts & [people in charge] director presented the future strategy for major customers and outlined the plans for national promotional activity .

Franco Domicile price lists apply in each foreign market and the whole operation is backed up by administration and foreign language communication , to provide the efficient , smooth running operation of today .
franco domicile price lists apply in each foreign market and the whole operation is backed up by [people in charge] and foreign language communication , to provide the efficient , smooth running operation of today .

With a B.Sc. in General Science from Dundee University , and a post graduate diploma in Industrial Administration , Martin Sloss joined Lyles in October as Production Planner .
with a b.sc. in general science from dundee university , and a post graduate diploma in industrial [people in charge] , martin sloss joined lyles in october as production planner .

The scheme encompasses all aspects of production , supply , administration and sales .
the scheme encompasses all aspects of production , supply , [people in charge] and sales .

The Customer File Maintenance and Administration Credits duties were transferred to Retail Sales Administration along with the staff concerned .
the customer file maintenance and [people in charge] credits duties were transferred to retail sales [people in charge] along with the staff concerned .

It was converted racetrack , with the mess and administration in the grandstand .
it was converted racetrack , with the mess and [people in charge] in the grandstand .

The business has made substantial progress in terms of integrating production facilities , warehousing and administration .
the business has made substantial progress in terms of integrating production facilities , warehousing and [people in charge] .

Although Iraq had achieved formal independence in 1932 , with the exit of the British administration installed under the League of Nations mandate , there remained for a number of years a substantial British presence .
although iraq had achieved formal independence in 1932 , with the exit of the british [people in charge] installed under the league of nations mandate , there remained for a number of years a substantial british presence .

It is by no means an exaggeration to say that for many years worked conscientiously behind the scenes in the shadow of five successive transport managers who relied heavily on her efficient and accurate administration skills .
it is by no means an exaggeration to say that for many years worked conscientiously behind the scenes in the shadow of five successive transport managers who relied heavily on her efficient and accurate [people in charge] skills .

New management in Papua New Guinea cut down administration , reduced operating costs and achieved a welcome rise in profits .
new management in papua new guinea cut down [people in charge] , reduced operating costs and achieved a welcome rise in profits .

He joined the team at Bury in 1982 as administration manager .
he joined the team at bury in 1982 as [people in charge] manager .

has been at the maltings for just over a year and takes care of all those time consuming , but essential , administration services , appreciated by us all .
has been at the maltings for just over a year and takes care of all those time consuming , but essential , [people in charge] services , appreciated by us all .

This year , as well as corporate and retail bankers , there were participants from building societies , a contingent from the European Community and , for the first time , 11 members from Eastern Europe , sponsored by the Overseas Development Administration .
this year , as well as corporate and retail bankers , there were participants from building societies , a contingent from the european community and , for the first time , 11 members from eastern europe , sponsored by the overseas development [people in charge] .

Master 's Degrees in Business Administration were awarded to 28 Financial Studies Diploma holders who had followed special  conversion courses  and to three ACIBs who took the full course .
master 's degrees in business [people in charge] were awarded to 28 financial studies diploma holders who had followed special  conversion courses  and to three acibs who took the full course .

 Practical Trust Administration .
 practical trust [people in charge] .

But Giddens goes beyond Foucault in arguing that this sequestration , as well as enabling the administration of state power , is associated with profound forms of individual and social malaise .
but giddens goes beyond foucault in arguing that this sequestration , as well as enabling the [people in charge] of state power , is associated with profound forms of individual and social malaise .

As well as being , then , a means of administration and management of social relations , the state , and its symbols of home , land , family , nationhood and communal experience , are also seen as offering a sense of identity and security : especially to people who have little understanding and control over the processes affecting their everyday lives .
as well as being , then , a means of [people in charge] and management of social relations , the state , and its symbols of home , land , family , nationhood and communal experience , are also seen as offering a sense of identity and security : especially to people who have little understanding and control over the processes affecting their everyday lives .

At last he was allowed to resign as Prime Minister of the Labour Government , but only in order to kiss hands as Prime Minister of a National administration .
at last he was allowed to resign as prime minister of the labour government , but only in order to kiss hands as prime minister of a national [people in charge] .

 Mr Lloyd George came  and informed me that he is able to form an administration and told me the proposed names of his colleagues ,  the King wrote in his diary .
 mr lloyd george came  and informed me that he is able to form an [people in charge] and told me the proposed names of his colleagues ,  the king wrote in his diary .

Disliking the Tories more than he disliked Labour , he declared that on the defeat of Baldwin 's Government in the new Parliament , the King should ask MacDonald to form an administration , which he and his fellow Liberals would keep in office as long as it avoided extremist policies .
disliking the tories more than he disliked labour , he declared that on the defeat of baldwin 's government in the new parliament , the king should ask macdonald to form an [people in charge] , which he and his fellow liberals would keep in office as long as it avoided extremist policies .

His administration had been the most productive of the century , save only that of the Liberals in 1906 .
his [people in charge] had been the most productive of the century , save only that of the liberals in 1906 .

They learn staightforward administration applied to intelligence work .
they learn staightforward [people in charge] applied to intelligence work .

The few in existence up to 1706 had their administrative authority vested , as in the continuing case of the public parish roads , in the justices of the peace at quarter sessions , but from that date , beginning with acts relating to two stretches of the road to Holyhead , in Bedfordshire and in Worcestershire , independent trustees took over the administration of the tolls and the responsibility for road maintenance .
the few in existence up to 1706 had their administrative authority vested , as in the continuing case of the public parish roads , in the justices of the peace at quarter sessions , but from that date , beginning with acts relating to two stretches of the road to holyhead , in bedfordshire and in worcestershire , independent trustees took over the [people in charge] of the tolls and the responsibility for road maintenance .

The South Sea Company had been formed under a Tory administration in 1710 .
the south sea company had been formed under a tory [people in charge] in 1710 .

To administer and collect income tax a new arm of administration had to be created comprising experts , officials and clerks : an `` army `` which in terms of its efficiency and rapacity came to be the equal of the long-esteemed Excise .
to administer and collect income tax a new arm of [people in charge] had to be created comprising experts , officials and clerks : an `` army `` which in terms of its efficiency and rapacity came to be the equal of the long-esteemed excise .

By the end of the American war its establishment , which had been 2,738 in 1714 , had risen to 4,910  twice as large as the rest of the financial administration .
by the end of the american war its establishment , which had been 2,738 in 1714 , had risen to 4,910  twice as large as the rest of the financial [people in charge] .

And the greater integration of individual countries into trading blocs ( Europe , North America , Southern Africa , Latin America ) has made gentle progress towards some form of global administration ( rather than government ) seem more natural and inevitable .
and the greater integration of individual countries into trading blocs ( europe , north america , southern africa , latin america ) has made gentle progress towards some form of global [people in charge] ( rather than government ) seem more natural and inevitable .

For Nigerians , for example , the mission school became the stepping stone to a position in the lower ranks of the British colonial administration .
for nigerians , for example , the mission school became the stepping stone to a position in the lower ranks of the british colonial [people in charge] .

In English this derives from the Latin politia , meaning administration and carries the idea of policing or administering an agreed form of government  protecting the state against the excesses of individuals .
in english this derives from the latin politia , meaning [people in charge] and carries the idea of policing or administering an agreed form of government  protecting the state against the excesses of individuals .

So weighty and at times contradictory are the findings and recommendations that David Lange has established another committee to sift through them and recommend government action in the reform of educational administration .
so weighty and at times contradictory are the findings and recommendations that david lange has established another committee to sift through them and recommend government action in the reform of educational [people in charge] .

The Canberra administration has put the bite on the Tasmanian State government , to protect 360,000 hectares of tall forests from clearfelling .
the canberra [people in charge] has put the bite on the tasmanian state government , to protect 360,000 hectares of tall forests from clearfelling .

It starts in the morning with a  purge to the head   a  nasal  treatment in which medicine is administered through the nose and eyes , which is extremely painful  and continues with regular administration of herbal tranquillizers , digestive powders and a sleeping pill at night .
it starts in the morning with a  purge to the head   a  nasal  treatment in which medicine is administered through the nose and eyes , which is extremely painful  and continues with regular [people in charge] of herbal tranquillizers , digestive powders and a sleeping pill at night .

What ties them together is their adoption by the Reagan Administration , which uses Simon 's economic thesis to give intellectual backbone to their moralistic assertions .
what ties them together is their adoption by the reagan [people in charge] , which uses simon 's economic thesis to give intellectual backbone to their moralistic assertions .

Indian semi-slaves were shipped in by the British and most of these stayed on after their contract ended , bringing their families over and settling down , becoming small shopkeepers , craftsmen and bureaucrats in the colonial administration .
indian semi-slaves were shipped in by the british and most of these stayed on after their contract ended , bringing their families over and settling down , becoming small shopkeepers , craftsmen and bureaucrats in the colonial [people in charge] .

They have been used not only to propagate the virtues of tightly-centralized administration , but also to emphasize the dominance of Hindi .
they have been used not only to propagate the virtues of tightly-centralized [people in charge] , but also to emphasize the dominance of hindi .

The daughter of transported convicts , Maria was fiercely independent , rejecting both the criminal life of her parents and the bureaucratic hypocrisy of the colonial administration .
the daughter of transported convicts , maria was fiercely independent , rejecting both the criminal life of her parents and the bureaucratic hypocrisy of the colonial [people in charge] .

Why has the Reagan administration been so unusually quiet about drug trafficking from Latin America in recent months ? Is it because Nancy has been hospitalized or are smack and crack no longer regarded as social evils numbers one and two ?
why has the reagan [people in charge] been so unusually quiet about drug trafficking from latin america in recent months ? is it because nancy has been hospitalized or are smack and crack no longer regarded as social evils numbers one and two ?

Imperial governments created a new elite of natives and invested them with the power of their language of administration and justice .
imperial governments created a new elite of natives and invested them with the power of their language of [people in charge] and justice .

Over the five years since the present Administration were returned in 1987 , there has been a welcome change in the picture .
over the five years since the present [people in charge] were returned in 1987 , there has been a welcome change in the picture .

They do not have the wherewithal to carry out the administration and paperwork or to watch over them and ensure that they learn on the job and produce an effective piece of craftsmanship .
they do not have the wherewithal to carry out the [people in charge] and paperwork or to watch over them and ensure that they learn on the job and produce an effective piece of craftsmanship .

It is a fundamental requirement of any democratic and just society that the process by which individuals are accused , tried and , where appropriate , punished should be open , and exposed to public scrutiny and comment at an appropriate moment , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances  for example , where on grounds of national security the court must receive evidence about matters of security or intelligence ; or where , for purposes of the administration of justice , particular matters must be dealt with concerning informants .
it is a fundamental requirement of any democratic and just society that the process by which individuals are accused , tried and , where appropriate , punished should be open , and exposed to public scrutiny and comment at an appropriate moment , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances  for example , where on grounds of national security the court must receive evidence about matters of security or intelligence ; or where , for purposes of the [people in charge] of justice , particular matters must be dealt with concerning informants .

The only exception is where it appears to a court that the reporting of the proceedings before it might prejudice the administration of justice in other proceedings imminently pending in another court , or shortly to follow thereafter .
the only exception is where it appears to a court that the reporting of the proceedings before it might prejudice the [people in charge] of justice in other proceedings imminently pending in another court , or shortly to follow thereafter .

All that the judge may order is a postponement until the risk to the administration of justice has passed .
all that the judge may order is a postponement until the risk to the [people in charge] of justice has passed .

Those who disrupt proceedings or undermine public confidence in the administration of justice by scandalising the judiciary are also liable to be dealt with for contempt of court .
those who disrupt proceedings or undermine public confidence in the [people in charge] of justice by scandalising the judiciary are also liable to be dealt with for contempt of court .

Gentleman said that he did not wish to criticise the personnel involved in the administration of the schemes .
gentleman said that he did not wish to criticise the personnel involved in the [people in charge] of the schemes .

As we know , all Government Departments have such problems , but a review of administration might be helpful .
as we know , all government departments have such problems , but a review of [people in charge] might be helpful .

This is a suitable time to examine the record of this Administration , of the Secretary of State and of the Prime Minister .
this is a suitable time to examine the record of this [people in charge] , of the secretary of state and of the prime minister .

He wanted to know whether we would monitor the introduction of the new disability benefits and their impact in policy terms and with regard to their administration .
he wanted to know whether we would monitor the introduction of the new disability benefits and their impact in policy terms and with regard to their [people in charge] .

Even worse , the European empires at least left behind them working administrative structures and moderately healthy economies , which meant that most of the ex-colonial countries have managed to maintain stable states and thriving economies  although , of course , not thriving as fast as ours in the west  but the Soviet empire is leaving no administration at all , only economic catastrophe .
even worse , the european empires at least left behind them working administrative structures and moderately healthy economies , which meant that most of the ex-colonial countries have managed to maintain stable states and thriving economies  although , of course , not thriving as fast as ours in the west  but the soviet empire is leaving no [people in charge] at all , only economic catastrophe .

When it reports , it will address only the administration of the scheme and not the real solution , which would be to scrap the low income scheme and replace it with one based on exemptions .
when it reports , it will address only the [people in charge] of the scheme and not the real solution , which would be to scrap the low income scheme and replace it with one based on exemptions .

There have been reports on poll tax collection , care in the community , housing benefit administration , the cost of providing bed-and-breakfast accommodation , and into the incredible disgrace of the state of school buildings throughout the country  not forgetting , of course , the report that praised the cost-effectiveness of direct labour organisations , contrary to the thrust of Government legislation .
there have been reports on poll tax collection , care in the community , housing benefit [people in charge] , the cost of providing bed-and-breakfast accommodation , and into the incredible disgrace of the state of school buildings throughout the country  not forgetting , of course , the report that praised the cost-effectiveness of direct labour organisations , contrary to the thrust of government legislation .

It is dictation from the centre ; it is administration rather than government .
it is dictation from the centre ; it is [people in charge] rather than government .

The Secretary of State has asked me specifically to clarify the principles which underlie the administration of ECRs within the reformed health service .
the secretary of state has asked me specifically to clarify the principles which underlie the [people in charge] of ecrs within the reformed health service .

That national sentiment still exists , but added to it is the need for good government , good administration and a better deal for Scottish people within the United Kingdom .
that national sentiment still exists , but added to it is the need for good government , good [people in charge] and a better deal for scottish people within the united kingdom .

When there is a Labour Government and the Leader of the House finds himself sitting on the Opposition Benches , that Administration will be gracious to the then Opposition .
when there is a labour government and the leader of the house finds himself sitting on the opposition benches , that [people in charge] will be gracious to the then opposition .

All Governments use guillotines , but no Government have used them with the frequency of this Administration .
all governments use guillotines , but no government have used them with the frequency of this [people in charge] .

Grant-maintained schools rightly get money which would otherwise be spent on administration costs by Hampshire .
grant-maintained schools rightly get money which would otherwise be spent on [people in charge] costs by hampshire .

Now that the by-election in Kincardine and Deeside has focused attention on the issue of Scotland once again , and with the continuing difficulties in establishing a democratic local administration in Ulster , will the Prime Minister consider initiating consultations with other parliamentary parties with a view to reaching agreement on common structures of government throughout the United Kingdom ?
now that the by-election in kincardine and deeside has focused attention on the issue of scotland once again , and with the continuing difficulties in establishing a democratic local [people in charge] in ulster , will the prime minister consider initiating consultations with other parliamentary parties with a view to reaching agreement on common structures of government throughout the united kingdom ?

Although the principles set out in the citizens charter White Paper apply throughout the United Kingdom , the structures for the administration of public services in Northern Ireland are different from those in Great Britain .
although the principles set out in the citizens charter white paper apply throughout the united kingdom , the structures for the [people in charge] of public services in northern ireland are different from those in great britain .

Friend is to point out that our rate of inflation is less than half the best rate ever achieved by the 1974-79 Labour and Labour-Liberal Administration .
friend is to point out that our rate of inflation is less than half the best rate ever achieved by the 1974-79 labour and labour-liberal [people in charge] .

There has been a substantial advance in real-terms pay under our Administration , and this year the pay award that has been made for the current year is increasing the teachers ' pay bill overall by 11.3 per cent .
there has been a substantial advance in real-terms pay under our [people in charge] , and this year the pay award that has been made for the current year is increasing the teachers ' pay bill overall by 11.3 per cent .

There are great discrepancies in the amount spent by one authority compared with another , and in the amount that local authorities spend on central administration , but there is little correlation with the results .
there are great discrepancies in the amount spent by one authority compared with another , and in the amount that local authorities spend on central [people in charge] , but there is little correlation with the results .

Administration of Justice
[people in charge] of justice

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland if he will make a statement on his plans to heighten confidence in the administration of justice .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland if he will make a statement on his plans to heighten confidence in the [people in charge] of justice .

The Government 's strategy is to provide a criminal justice system which maintains the rule of law and creates in Northern Ireland the conditions for a fair and just administration .
the government 's strategy is to provide a criminal justice system which maintains the rule of law and creates in northern ireland the conditions for a fair and just [people in charge] .

The primary function of the administration of justice is to apprehend and punish the guilty .
the primary function of the [people in charge] of justice is to apprehend and punish the guilty .

Gentleman realise that , contrary to statements made from time to time by Northern Ireland Ministers , the administration of justice in Northern Ireland is signally failing to do that ?
gentleman realise that , contrary to statements made from time to time by northern ireland ministers , the [people in charge] of justice in northern ireland is signally failing to do that ?

Does the right hon. Gentleman agree that an essential element of the administration of justice is police primacy ?
does the right hon. gentleman agree that an essential element of the [people in charge] of justice is police primacy ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that , as the all-party talks on the future administration of the Province are stalled , probably until after the general election , and as the previous review of local government in Northern Ireland took place more than 20 years ago , this is an ideal moment for an independent body to be asked to consider the structure and limited powers of present local authorities in terms of whether they meet the contemporary aspirations of people in Northern Ireland ?
does my right hon. friend agree that , as the all-party talks on the future [people in charge] of the province are stalled , probably until after the general election , and as the previous review of local government in northern ireland took place more than 20 years ago , this is an ideal moment for an independent body to be asked to consider the structure and limited powers of present local authorities in terms of whether they meet the contemporary aspirations of people in northern ireland ?

The Overseas Development Administration  under my right hon .
the overseas development [people in charge]  under my right hon .

We shall have a level playing field as long as the present Administration are able to continue their privatisation policy .
we shall have a level playing field as long as the present [people in charge] are able to continue their privatisation policy .

The country will draw its own conclusion that under a Labour Administration there are great inefficiencies , high spending and high taxation .
the country will draw its own conclusion that under a labour [people in charge] there are great inefficiencies , high spending and high taxation .

Does the Minister agree that his initial answer , taken with the huge increases that his Administration have brought about in national insurance contributions , the poll tax and the burden of rates that business men and business women have to pay , makes it clear that his party is the tax , tax and tax again party ?
does the minister agree that his initial answer , taken with the huge increases that his [people in charge] have brought about in national insurance contributions , the poll tax and the burden of rates that business men and business women have to pay , makes it clear that his party is the tax , tax and tax again party ?

In view of the sulphur monoxide consequencies , have the Government taken into account the latest findings from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in relation to the ozone layer , and the need for urgent measures to be taken into account in view of this desperately dangerous and cancer-giving situation ?
in view of the sulphur monoxide consequencies , have the government taken into account the latest findings from the national aeronautics and space [people in charge] in relation to the ozone layer , and the need for urgent measures to be taken into account in view of this desperately dangerous and cancer-giving situation ?

How can the Minister justify the attempt to sell off into the private sector , just a matter of weeks before a general election , what most Londoners rightly regard as the proper seat of London 's government ? Is that not merely a last act of spite by a Government who still bear a grudge against London ? Will the Minister tell us whether he agrees with the chairman of the Tory party that a citywide administration is needed for London ? If he does agree , what form should it take ?
how can the minister justify the attempt to sell off into the private sector , just a matter of weeks before a general election , what most londoners rightly regard as the proper seat of london 's government ? is that not merely a last act of spite by a government who still bear a grudge against london ? will the minister tell us whether he agrees with the chairman of the tory party that a citywide [people in charge] is needed for london ? if he does agree , what form should it take ?

Under this Government , the income of retirement pensioners as a whole has increased more in each year than it did throughout the Labour Government 's administration .
under this government , the income of retirement pensioners as a whole has increased more in each year than it did throughout the labour government 's [people in charge] .

Has my right hon. Friend seen the excellent proposals tabled by Sir David Williamson for the reform of the bureaucracy running the European Community ? Does he agree that if  in his admirable phrase  we are to prevent the Commission interfering in the nooks and crannies of everyday life , it would be greatly to the advantage of all European countries if there were a thorough overhaul of the mechanics for the administration of the Commission ?
has my right hon. friend seen the excellent proposals tabled by sir david williamson for the reform of the bureaucracy running the european community ? does he agree that if  in his admirable phrase  we are to prevent the commission interfering in the nooks and crannies of everyday life , it would be greatly to the advantage of all european countries if there were a thorough overhaul of the mechanics for the [people in charge] of the commission ?

That is a matter for the Administration Committee , not for discussion in connection with the order .
that is a matter for the [people in charge] committee , not for discussion in connection with the order .

They did not exist under the previous Labour Administration ?
they did not exist under the previous labour [people in charge] ?

The point is that , with good continuous Labour control , we have been able to provide good services and good local administration .
the point is that , with good continuous labour control , we have been able to provide good services and good local [people in charge] .

Friend the Member for Chelmsford ( Mr. Burns ) identified the efficiency of administration that the council tax will bring .
friend the member for chelmsford ( mr. burns ) identified the efficiency of [people in charge] that the council tax will bring .

If it were abolished , administration of the poll tax system would be easier .
if it were abolished , [people in charge] of the poll tax system would be easier .

There could well be a major collapse in the administration of local government funding .
there could well be a major collapse in the [people in charge] of local government funding .

The administration of the new tax will be complex .
the [people in charge] of the new tax will be complex .

They want a fair deal and , under the Administration of my right hon .
they want a fair deal and , under the [people in charge] of my right hon .

The annual report of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration criticised the system whereby claimants had to go through a cumbersome late appeals procedure to obtain the full arrears benefit to which they were rightfully entitled where those exceeded the statutory 12-month limit .
the annual report of the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] criticised the system whereby claimants had to go through a cumbersome late appeals procedure to obtain the full arrears benefit to which they were rightfully entitled where those exceeded the statutory 12-month limit .

We have heard the Minister repeat the same argument in response to several interventions , and there seem to be two strands running through it : one of principle and one of administration .
we have heard the minister repeat the same argument in response to several interventions , and there seem to be two strands running through it : one of principle and one of [people in charge] .

However , he should ask himself why it is that , when people are given access and are judged eligible for the benefits , the administration is so inadequate that paying out the genuine benefits breaks the system .
however , he should ask himself why it is that , when people are given access and are judged eligible for the benefits , the [people in charge] is so inadequate that paying out the genuine benefits breaks the system .

Under the Administration of my right hon .
under the [people in charge] of my right hon .

Ordered , That Mr. Jacques Arnold , Sir Charles Irving , Mr. Allen McKay , Mr. Stanley Orme , Mrs. Marion Roe , Mr. William Ross and Mr. Tom Sackville be members of the Administration Committee .
ordered , that mr. jacques arnold , sir charles irving , mr. allen mckay , mr. stanley orme , mrs. marion roe , mr. william ross and mr. tom sackville be members of the [people in charge] committee .

In addition , precipitated by the failure of the Kremlin coup , the Bush Administration , fully supported by my right hon .
in addition , precipitated by the failure of the kremlin coup , the bush [people in charge] , fully supported by my right hon .

Much of these public sector organizations are concerned with administration , with the running of government and public agencies .
much of these public sector organizations are concerned with [people in charge] , with the running of government and public agencies .

In contrast , electoral administration is based on a different zonal system of geographically-defined wards , made up of  polling districts  ( PDs ) which are not precisely defined in spatial terms .
in contrast , electoral [people in charge] is based on a different zonal system of geographically-defined wards , made up of  polling districts  ( pds ) which are not precisely defined in spatial terms .

Sample surveys are now a very common part of life and they are used in market research , in government administration , and so on .
sample surveys are now a very common part of life and they are used in market research , in government [people in charge] , and so on .

15 : Statistics , computing and methodology ; 03 : Social administration
15 : statistics , computing and methodology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Research facilities ; Research methods ; Research organisation ; Public administration ; Social history
research facilities ; research methods ; research organisation ; public [people in charge] ; social history

04 : Psychology ; 03 : Social administration
04 : psychology ; 03 : social [people in charge]

Department of Social Administration
department of social [people in charge]

This book contains sections on making a will , executors , administration of an estate , pensions , tax , house ownership , grants and intestacy , to name but a few .
this book contains sections on making a will , executors , [people in charge] of an estate , pensions , tax , house ownership , grants and intestacy , to name but a few .

To overcome these problems users must think of all the various names that might have been applied , and must understand something of the geography and administration of the locality concerned .
to overcome these problems users must think of all the various names that might have been applied , and must understand something of the geography and [people in charge] of the locality concerned .

On the contrary , with the exception of Yugoslavia , where the system of workers ' self-management did something to diffuse responsibility for decision making , there has been a tendency towards increasingly centralized and bureaucratic administration in economic and other spheres of social life .
on the contrary , with the exception of yugoslavia , where the system of workers ' self-management did something to diffuse responsibility for decision making , there has been a tendency towards increasingly centralized and bureaucratic [people in charge] in economic and other spheres of social life .

It is replaced by representative democracy , and this means , in Weber 's view , that the people cease to have any real control over political decisions , which become the prerogative , on one side , of a bureaucratic administration and , on the other side , of the leaders of political parties .
it is replaced by representative democracy , and this means , in weber 's view , that the people cease to have any real control over political decisions , which become the prerogative , on one side , of a bureaucratic [people in charge] and , on the other side , of the leaders of political parties .

Weber gives as reasons for this power position of the bureaucratic and political elites their possession of the means of administration and the fact that they are small groups which can easily reach agreement upon any action necessary to maintain their power .
weber gives as reasons for this power position of the bureaucratic and political elites their possession of the means of [people in charge] and the fact that they are small groups which can easily reach agreement upon any action necessary to maintain their power .

The general regulation of economic and social life at the national level , and relations with other nation states , require a complex apparatus of government and administration , parties with broadly formulated aims and policies , and competition between parties ; but there is also a need for more direct and immediate means of political action , which would allow the effective expression of particular grievances and interests , counter some of the consequences of centralization and bureaucratic administration and make possible a more continuous practical participation by large numbers of citizens in determining the quality of their lives .
the general regulation of economic and social life at the national level , and relations with other nation states , require a complex apparatus of government and [people in charge] , parties with broadly formulated aims and policies , and competition between parties ; but there is also a need for more direct and immediate means of political action , which would allow the effective expression of particular grievances and interests , counter some of the consequences of centralization and bureaucratic [people in charge] and make possible a more continuous practical participation by large numbers of citizens in determining the quality of their lives .

At all events , the early history of societies reveals that war and conquest played an important part in the development of the state , not only by creating clearly defined dominant groups , but also by enlarging the scale of society , hence stimulating both a greater internal differentiation of functions , and the growth of a centralized apparatus of government and administration .
at all events , the early history of societies reveals that war and conquest played an important part in the development of the state , not only by creating clearly defined dominant groups , but also by enlarging the scale of society , hence stimulating both a greater internal differentiation of functions , and the growth of a centralized apparatus of government and [people in charge] .

 Such reflections , of course , are counterbalanced by equally sketchy references to the  dictatorship of the proletariat  during the period of transition from capitalism to socialism , and to the eventual  abolition of the state  , the elimination of  a political power properly so-called  , and the replacement of  the government of men by the administration of things  ( the latter notion derived from Saint-Simon ) .
 such reflections , of course , are counterbalanced by equally sketchy references to the  dictatorship of the proletariat  during the period of transition from capitalism to socialism , and to the eventual  abolition of the state  , the elimination of  a political power properly so-called  , and the replacement of  the government of men by the [people in charge] of things  ( the latter notion derived from saint-simon ) .

These fragmentary observations  some of them , like the contrast between government and administration , misleading  clearly do not amount to a systematic theory of the political transition from capitalist to socialist society , or of the eventual nature of a socialist political system .
these fragmentary observations  some of them , like the contrast between government and [people in charge] , misleading  clearly do not amount to a systematic theory of the political transition from capitalist to socialist society , or of the eventual nature of a socialist political system .

The most significant divergence from earlier processes of state formation is probably to be found in the active role of organized political parties which can mobilize mass support , or of military officers whose strength lies in their experience of modern technology and administration and their control of the means of physical coercion .
the most significant divergence from earlier processes of state formation is probably to be found in the active role of organized political parties which can mobilize mass support , or of military officers whose strength lies in their experience of modern technology and [people in charge] and their control of the means of physical coercion .

Thirdly , there is a close and continuous relation between the work of political scientists and the more or less routine conduct of government and administration .
thirdly , there is a close and continuous relation between the work of political scientists and the more or less routine conduct of government and [people in charge] .

Suppose that the administration of the policy is in the hands of a government agency .
suppose that the [people in charge] of the policy is in the hands of a government agency .

Suppose that interest groups are influential in the enactment and administration of the legislation .
suppose that interest groups are influential in the enactment and [people in charge] of the legislation .

Pressure , or special interest , groups may seek to influence voter behaviour , to win over legislators , and to modify the administration of public policy .
pressure , or special interest , groups may seek to influence voter behaviour , to win over legislators , and to modify the [people in charge] of public policy .

The administration of legislation is typically entrusted to a bureaucracy ( where the term is used more in its Weberian , rather than its common , pejorative , sense ) .
the [people in charge] of legislation is typically entrusted to a bureaucracy ( where the term is used more in its weberian , rather than its common , pejorative , sense ) .

In public administration , on the other hand , objectives are more complicated , with the intentions of legislators being much less straightforward and those in charge having discretion in implementing policy .
in public [people in charge] , on the other hand , objectives are more complicated , with the intentions of legislators being much less straightforward and those in charge having discretion in implementing policy .

Second , the legislative branch has a weaker basis of comparison ( than shareholders in a market firm ) on which to judge the efficiency of the present administration .
second , the legislative branch has a weaker basis of comparison ( than shareholders in a market firm ) on which to judge the efficiency of the present [people in charge] .

The Bank is responsible for the administration of sales of both types of instrument and , in the case of bonds , for maintaining the register of holders .
the bank is responsible for the [people in charge] of sales of both types of instrument and , in the case of bonds , for maintaining the register of holders .

The day-to-day administration , however , is often left to professional management companies .
the day-to-day [people in charge] , however , is often left to professional management companies .

While they were completing the administration of the sale , issuing houses deposited subscribers ' money in the inter-bank market .
while they were completing the [people in charge] of the sale , issuing houses deposited subscribers ' money in the inter-bank market .

This Act created county councils and county borough councils , which were later used as the framework for educational administration ( see 1902 Education Act ) .
this act created county councils and county borough councils , which were later used as the framework for educational [people in charge] ( see 1902 education act ) .

At central level , there are four government departments , one in each country , and at local level , each country is divided up into administrative areas for educational administration .
at central level , there are four government departments , one in each country , and at local level , each country is divided up into administrative areas for educational [people in charge] .

Each province had its own Stadtholder ( the formal head of its administration , chosen by its estates ) .
each province had its own stadtholder ( the formal head of its [people in charge] , chosen by its estates ) .

The government was still the king 's government : the monarch retained great influence over the administration and to the end of the century expected to have a say , even a dominant say , in the making of policy .
the government was still the king 's government : the monarch retained great influence over the [people in charge] and to the end of the century expected to have a say , even a dominant say , in the making of policy .

In the Habsburg territories also , as has been seen , a series of able ministers backed by Maria Theresa , the greatest ruler of the dynasty , created from the 1740s onwards a whole range of important new organs of administration ( see pp .
in the habsburg territories also , as has been seen , a series of able ministers backed by maria theresa , the greatest ruler of the dynasty , created from the 1740s onwards a whole range of important new organs of [people in charge] ( see pp .

Yet when we turn to Frederick in action , to the administration of Prussia during his forty-six years on its throne , the ambiguity of his position becomes fully clear .
yet when we turn to frederick in action , to the [people in charge] of prussia during his forty-six years on its throne , the ambiguity of his position becomes fully clear .

The members of the Legislative Commission of 1767 received from the areas which elected them both instructions and statements of grievances : digests of these were studied by the empress and had considerable influence on her later activities , notably on the reform of provincial administration in 1775 .
the members of the legislative commission of 1767 received from the areas which elected them both instructions and statements of grievances : digests of these were studied by the empress and had considerable influence on her later activities , notably on the reform of provincial [people in charge] in 1775 .

In many of the States concerned , Portugal or the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies for example , the machinery of administration was poor , very much poorer than in Prussia .
in many of the states concerned , portugal or the kingdom of the two sicilies for example , the machinery of [people in charge] was poor , very much poorer than in prussia .

These for generations had remained distinct in their administration , their laws and their economic institutions .
these for generations had remained distinct in their [people in charge] , their laws and their economic institutions .

It also meant centralized and rationalized administration ; hence efforts were made to extend to Hungary , so jealous of its autonomy , the administrative system of the hereditary provinces .
it also meant centralized and rationalized [people in charge] ; hence efforts were made to extend to hungary , so jealous of its autonomy , the administrative system of the hereditary provinces .

Joseph 's attempts to end the dominance of the Hungarian county assemblies by the local gentry , and to substitute German for Latin as the language of administration , provoked deep and passionate national resentment .
joseph 's attempts to end the dominance of the hungarian county assemblies by the local gentry , and to substitute german for latin as the language of [people in charge] , provoked deep and passionate national resentment .

One reason for the widespread use of written tests is the ease of administration and collection of data .
one reason for the widespread use of written tests is the ease of [people in charge] and collection of data .

management and administration  the computer as a tool for background departmental work ;
management and [people in charge]  the computer as a tool for background departmental work ;

The next two areas in the list of uses-management and administration , and using office programs  come together in that both involve much the same hardware and software .
the next two areas in the list of uses-management and [people in charge] , and using office programs  come together in that both involve much the same hardware and software .

Within large estates , most of the administration of land , certainly in later periods , was conducted through parishes .
within large estates , most of the [people in charge] of land , certainly in later periods , was conducted through parishes .

Though most rural settlements practised a predominantly subsistence economy , they needed certain goods and commodities from elsewhere which they could not provide themselves , and they were usually dependent on and subsidiary to somewhere else in terms of ownership , administration , and religious provision .
though most rural settlements practised a predominantly subsistence economy , they needed certain goods and commodities from elsewhere which they could not provide themselves , and they were usually dependent on and subsidiary to somewhere else in terms of ownership , [people in charge] , and religious provision .

Nowadays , the administration of the landscape is increasingly carried out more centrally from office blocks in cities , controlling the extensive lands of pension fund and other estates , and locally from estate offices by agents .
nowadays , the [people in charge] of the landscape is increasingly carried out more centrally from office blocks in cities , controlling the extensive lands of pension fund and other estates , and locally from estate offices by agents .

This theme of administration in the landscape has not been studied to any great extent , and yet we have already seen that definition of estates is of critical importance in understanding the local landscape .
this theme of [people in charge] in the landscape has not been studied to any great extent , and yet we have already seen that definition of estates is of critical importance in understanding the local landscape .

 It seems feasible therefore that subinfeudated and honorial vills may have differed in village planning policies  suggesting that it was under honorial administration that they [ regular village plans ] were most likely to be established .
 it seems feasible therefore that subinfeudated and honorial vills may have differed in village planning policies  suggesting that it was under honorial [people in charge] that they [ regular village plans ] were most likely to be established .

Despite this there have been long-standing assumptions that management is the same as administration .
despite this there have been long-standing assumptions that management is the same as [people in charge] .

And administration was something which occurred in Whitehall or in LEAs .
and [people in charge] was something which occurred in whitehall or in leas .

The concerns of administration used to be the maintenance of law and regulation , the sustaining of working relationships with voluntary organizations and denominational bodies and the planning and maintenance of programmes across a range of responsibilities .
the concerns of [people in charge] used to be the maintenance of law and regulation , the sustaining of working relationships with voluntary organizations and denominational bodies and the planning and maintenance of programmes across a range of responsibilities .

Administration at local authority level also took responsibility for public consultation about major changes in school organization , for trade union relationships and for detailed arrangements relating to transport , admission procedures , school records , statistics and public relations .
[people in charge] at local authority level also took responsibility for public consultation about major changes in school organization , for trade union relationships and for detailed arrangements relating to transport , admission procedures , school records , statistics and public relations .

Management as local activity has taken time to distance itself from the field of administration which belonged , as recently as the 1980s , to varying tiers of government rather than to institutions .
management as local activity has taken time to distance itself from the field of [people in charge] which belonged , as recently as the 1980s , to varying tiers of government rather than to institutions .

Recalling the emergence in the mid-1950s of the `` New Movement `` in educational administration in the United States and Canada , he refers to the intense romance with theory , `` Sceptical practitioners were assured in the oft-quoted words of Dewey  that `` theory is in the end the most practical of all things `` .
recalling the emergence in the mid-1950s of the `` new movement `` in educational [people in charge] in the united states and canada , he refers to the intense romance with theory , `` sceptical practitioners were assured in the oft-quoted words of dewey  that `` theory is in the end the most practical of all things `` .

We are fortunate to have been able to offer opportunities to Scottish Amicable staff as a result of setting up the dedicated administration unit .
we are fortunate to have been able to offer opportunities to scottish amicable staff as a result of setting up the dedicated [people in charge] unit .

The Administration Centre has been expanding over this first year .
the [people in charge] centre has been expanding over this first year .

Everyone in the Administration Centre has been through a very steep learning curve . The learning process has involved a number of facets :
everyone in the [people in charge] centre has been through a very steep learning curve . the learning process has involved a number of facets :

Kim Parsons , office administration manager , is David 's  right hand woman  .
kim parsons , office [people in charge] manager , is david 's  right hand woman  .

The matches took place in Ballymena , Northern Ireland and Catherine McKenzie from Craigforth Administration ( who was featured in the summer Amicus ) played a full part .
the matches took place in ballymena , northern ireland and catherine mckenzie from craigforth [people in charge] ( who was featured in the summer amicus ) played a full part .

In the key area of sales she believes in persuading the inspectors to trust the sales support with their administration .
in the key area of sales she believes in persuading the inspectors to trust the sales support with their [people in charge] .

It was encouraging that during many permutations and re-appraisals of the project , and a protracted consultation period , that Glasgow consistently came out as the most cost-effective location for this type of central administration function .
it was encouraging that during many permutations and re-appraisals of the project , and a protracted consultation period , that glasgow consistently came out as the most cost-effective location for this type of central [people in charge] function .

On 8 August Franco signed a law vesting in himself total power over the administration of the state .
on 8 august franco signed a law vesting in himself total power over the [people in charge] of the state .

Under the terms of the 1939 Law of the Administration of the State , Franco could have promulgated the Law of Succession without previously presenting it to the Cortes .
under the terms of the 1939 law of the [people in charge] of the state , franco could have promulgated the law of succession without previously presenting it to the cortes .

It was also a hint that , while he wanted to retain ultimate control for as long as he lived , he foresaw a time when it might be possible to relinquish his personal hold on the administration of the system without it collapsing .
it was also a hint that , while he wanted to retain ultimate control for as long as he lived , he foresaw a time when it might be possible to relinquish his personal hold on the [people in charge] of the system without it collapsing .

These changes effectively distanced Franco both from policy-making and the administration of the regime .
these changes effectively distanced franco both from policy-making and the [people in charge] of the regime .

Guide to the Office Administration and Technology modules for the attention of staff delivering these modules in colleges , schools and other centres .
guide to the office [people in charge] and technology modules for the attention of staff delivering these modules in colleges , schools and other centres .

explain the reasons for the extensive revision which the Office Administration and Technology Modules have recently undergone
explain the reasons for the extensive revision which the office [people in charge] and technology modules have recently undergone

During the revision of the Office Administration and Technology modules , the Module Development Group incorporated the latest draft of the Lead Body standards of competence into the relevant modules , and these were conditionally approved as SVQs in Business Administration for session 1990/91 .
during the revision of the office [people in charge] and technology modules , the module development group incorporated the latest draft of the lead body standards of competence into the relevant modules , and these were conditionally approved as svqs in business [people in charge] for session 1990/91 .

Standards are at an early stage of development and will be the focus of the newly formed Administration Lead Body 's work .
standards are at an early stage of development and will be the focus of the newly formed [people in charge] lead body 's work .

In order to prepare students/trainees for this work role in the area of Business Administration , staff may need to rethink their own role , implement different methodologies and , where necessary , reorganise their use of resources .
in order to prepare students/trainees for this work role in the area of business [people in charge] , staff may need to rethink their own role , implement different methodologies and , where necessary , reorganise their use of resources .

Transition Arrangements for SVQs in Business Administration
transition arrangements for svqs in business [people in charge]

Recently a group of SVQs in Business Administration has been accredited .
recently a group of svqs in business [people in charge] has been accredited .

These are based on the occupational standards as defined by the industry Lead Body ( the Administration Lead Body , incorporating the Administration , Business and Commerce Training Group and the National Working Party for Secretarial Standards ) .
these are based on the occupational standards as defined by the industry lead body ( the [people in charge] lead body , incorporating the [people in charge] , business and commerce training group and the national working party for secretarial standards ) .

The following indicates the current conditions of awards for SVQs in Business Administration .
the following indicates the current conditions of awards for svqs in business [people in charge] .

The following gives the revised conditions of award for the new SVQs in Administration .
the following gives the revised conditions of award for the new svqs in [people in charge] .

Administration Manager led the team which organised the open weekend .
[people in charge] manager led the team which organised the open weekend .

Initially reluctant to tackle the area of post-war policy ( doubtless with thoughts of Lloyd George 's empty words of a quarter-century previously ) , when he did so he insisted on a full-blooded promise over the opposition of many in his party and administration .
initially reluctant to tackle the area of post-war policy ( doubtless with thoughts of lloyd george 's empty words of a quarter-century previously ) , when he did so he insisted on a full-blooded promise over the opposition of many in his party and [people in charge] .

Change also occurred because of temporary exigencies of wartime administration .
change also occurred because of temporary exigencies of wartime [people in charge] .

At this point Attlee and Greenwood , the leader and deputy leader of the Labour Party , were invited by Churchill to join his small War Cabinet ; and many of their colleagues were also invited to join the new administration .
at this point attlee and greenwood , the leader and deputy leader of the labour party , were invited by churchill to join his small war cabinet ; and many of their colleagues were also invited to join the new [people in charge] .

Attlee served as chairman of the Armistice Terms and Civil Administration Committee of the Cabinet , set up in November 1943 .
attlee served as chairman of the armistice terms and civil [people in charge] committee of the cabinet , set up in november 1943 .

 District Council Offices : District Councils Administration Departments .
 district council offices : district councils [people in charge] departments .

The calculations of discount , rebates and transitional relief make administration difficult but with the cooperation of the payers , the Regional Council hopes to make the transitional arrangements as easy as possible .
the calculations of discount , rebates and transitional relief make [people in charge] difficult but with the cooperation of the payers , the regional council hopes to make the transitional arrangements as easy as possible .

These arrangements are embodied in the Scheme of Conditions of Service as adopted by the Council ( hereinafter referred to as  The Scheme of Conditions of Service  ) relating to your group as well as in other documents which are equally available to you within the Administration Unit .
these arrangements are embodied in the scheme of conditions of service as adopted by the council ( hereinafter referred to as  the scheme of conditions of service  ) relating to your group as well as in other documents which are equally available to you within the [people in charge] unit .

Forms of application and details of the benefits of joining the Scheme are available from the Administration Unit .
forms of application and details of the benefits of joining the scheme are available from the [people in charge] unit .

Pregnant employees are , therefore , advised to enquire at the Administration Unit about these rights no later than fourteen weeks before the expected confinement and preferably earlier .
pregnant employees are , therefore , advised to enquire at the [people in charge] unit about these rights no later than fourteen weeks before the expected confinement and preferably earlier .

Details of the specified trade unions on the appropriate negotiating body are available for you to refer to in the Administration Unit .
details of the specified trade unions on the appropriate negotiating body are available for you to refer to in the [people in charge] unit .

To organise and direct staff in the day to day operation and administration of the section .
to organise and direct staff in the day to day operation and [people in charge] of the section .

Administration Officer
[people in charge] officer

Division : Administration
division : [people in charge]

Responsible to : Assistant Administration Officer
responsible to : assistant [people in charge] officer

He does not cite Roman law sources very often , but he had a practical turn of mind and was active in curial business and administration .
he does not cite roman law sources very often , but he had a practical turn of mind and was active in curial business and [people in charge] .

Until the detailed investigative sources and court records that begin to appear in the reformed diocesan administration of the fourteenth century , we are almost totally in the dark .
until the detailed investigative sources and court records that begin to appear in the reformed diocesan [people in charge] of the fourteenth century , we are almost totally in the dark .

The bishops ' pre-occupation , too , was with structured administration , which the registers of their activities begin to record from the thirteenth century .
the bishops ' pre-occupation , too , was with structured [people in charge] , which the registers of their activities begin to record from the thirteenth century .

This authority of the pope was matched by high-lighting the role of the clergy and minimizing that of the laity , especially in the administration of the sacraments .
this authority of the pope was matched by high-lighting the role of the clergy and minimizing that of the laity , especially in the [people in charge] of the sacraments .

The up-grading of the priest meant the down-grading of the layman and , as status declined , so criticism began to be voiced against the ecclesiastical hierarchy and against exclusive administration of sacraments by priests as the sole means of salvation .
the up-grading of the priest meant the down-grading of the layman and , as status declined , so criticism began to be voiced against the ecclesiastical hierarchy and against exclusive [people in charge] of sacraments by priests as the sole means of salvation .

  the notion of value within science is at the philosophical heart of scientific administration , just as truth is at the heart of the practice of science  .
  the notion of value within science is at the philosophical heart of scientific [people in charge] , just as truth is at the heart of the practice of science  .

The money is not for top-heavy administration but for research .
the money is not for top-heavy [people in charge] but for research .

The interests which stimulated their innovation and guided their development and use were primarily those of political administration rather than the strictly academic .
the interests which stimulated their innovation and guided their development and use were primarily those of political [people in charge] rather than the strictly academic .

The character of the state had changed decisively from the coercive apparatus of monarchical power to the increasingly bureaucratic ( but determinedly laissez-faire ) administration of the first capitalist nation .
the character of the state had changed decisively from the coercive apparatus of monarchical power to the increasingly bureaucratic ( but determinedly laissez-faire ) [people in charge] of the first capitalist nation .

The census has been for many years now an important instrument , among a range of such instruments , in the administration of the welfare state .
the census has been for many years now an important instrument , among a range of such instruments , in the [people in charge] of the welfare state .

The survey has changed from being an instrument devoted to demonstrating the need for a welfare state into a central feature of its maintenance and administration .
the survey has changed from being an instrument devoted to demonstrating the need for a welfare state into a central feature of its maintenance and [people in charge] .

As Moser revealingly wrote of the Government Social Survey : `` the survey exists to collect data required for administration , not for party politics `` .
as moser revealingly wrote of the government social survey : `` the survey exists to collect data required for [people in charge] , not for party politics `` .

In place of the controlled administration of a `` treatment `` , survey analysts have to ensure that individuals with different experiences or attitudes or characteristics are represented in the sample by stratification , or similar , procedures .
in place of the controlled [people in charge] of a `` treatment `` , survey analysts have to ensure that individuals with different experiences or attitudes or characteristics are represented in the sample by stratification , or similar , procedures .

Thus , if an interviewer were to ask some questions of a respondent in one way and to another in another way , the researcher could not be sure what effect this variation in the administration of the questions had on the responses received .
thus , if an interviewer were to ask some questions of a respondent in one way and to another in another way , the researcher could not be sure what effect this variation in the [people in charge] of the questions had on the responses received .

His speech also emphasized the `` new covenant `` concept and made an unabashed appeal to the middle class which , he promised , under his administration would `` be forgotten no more `` .
his speech also emphasized the `` new covenant `` concept and made an unabashed appeal to the middle class which , he promised , under his [people in charge] would `` be forgotten no more `` .

The Democrat-controlled House of Representatives judiciary committee called on July 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the Bush administration had contravened the law in providing military assistance to Iraq in the period prior to its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .
the democrat-controlled house of representatives judiciary committee called on july 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the bush [people in charge] had contravened the law in providing military assistance to iraq in the period prior to its invasion of kuwait in august 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .

President Bush , while admitting that his administration had attempted to woo Iraq , had persistently denied claims that it had boosted Saddam 's military capabilities through illegal action .
president bush , while admitting that his [people in charge] had attempted to woo iraq , had persistently denied claims that it had boosted saddam 's military capabilities through illegal action .

On July 1 , following two months of intensive negotiations , representatives of the Bush administration and congressional leaders reached a compromise agreement on an urban aid package which included the creation of enterprise zones and provided for total spending of $2,500 million over five years .
on july 1 , following two months of intensive negotiations , representatives of the bush [people in charge] and congressional leaders reached a compromise agreement on an urban aid package which included the creation of enterprise zones and provided for total spending of $2,500 million over five years .

The newly-elected President of the Philippines , Fidel Ramos , made a state-of-the-nation address to the opening session of the joint houses of Congress on July 27 , in which he outlined the priorities of his new administration .
the newly-elected president of the philippines , fidel ramos , made a state-of-the-nation address to the opening session of the joint houses of congress on july 27 , in which he outlined the priorities of his new [people in charge] .

Together with former generals Rene Cruz and Honesto Isleta  who had played a key role in the Ramos election campaign  Almonte formed part of a group of former military officers who were widely believed to constitute the unofficial power centre of the new administration .
together with former generals rene cruz and honesto isleta  who had played a key role in the ramos election campaign  almonte formed part of a group of former military officers who were widely believed to constitute the unofficial power centre of the new [people in charge] .

Ghozali , in announcing his resignation on July 8 , had spoken of `` forces who were working behind the scenes  stemming from positions which they had won inside sectors of the administration , economy , enterprise , the mass media and politics `` .
ghozali , in announcing his resignation on july 8 , had spoken of `` forces who were working behind the scenes  stemming from positions which they had won inside sectors of the [people in charge] , economy , enterprise , the mass media and politics `` .

Zenawi told a press conference in London on the afternoon of May 28 that a temporary administration would before July 1 organize a conference to enable all groups to participate in forming a broad-based provisional government .
zenawi told a press conference in london on the afternoon of may 28 that a temporary [people in charge] would before july 1 organize a conference to enable all groups to participate in forming a broad-based provisional government .

After a promising start Rajiv 's administration began to falter in 1987 .
after a promising start rajiv 's [people in charge] began to falter in 1987 .

Broadcasting on Radio Somalia that same day , Ahmed Ali said that an interim administration would be formed and that multiparty elections would be held after two years ; fraternal and co-operative relations would be maintained with the interim Somali government in Mogadishu .
broadcasting on radio somalia that same day , ahmed ali said that an interim [people in charge] would be formed and that multiparty elections would be held after two years ; fraternal and co-operative relations would be maintained with the interim somali government in mogadishu .

The administration of President George Bush was subjected to its first serious alarm concerning the 66-year-old President 's health when , on May 4 , Bush was hospitalized after developing a rapid and irregular heartbeat .
the [people in charge] of president george bush was subjected to its first serious alarm concerning the 66-year-old president 's health when , on may 4 , bush was hospitalized after developing a rapid and irregular heartbeat .

The House 's $ 292,000 million defence authorization bill , approved by 268 votes to 161 , maintained spending levels in line with those requested by the Bush administration , but radically altered the order of priorities among the weapons systems .
the house 's $ 292,000 million defence authorization bill , approved by 268 votes to 161 , maintained spending levels in line with those requested by the bush [people in charge] , but radically altered the order of priorities among the weapons systems .

President Bush on May 9 issued new travel rules designed to exercise greater control over the use of military aircraft by members of his administration , particularly the White House Chief of Staff , John Sununu .
president bush on may 9 issued new travel rules designed to exercise greater control over the use of military aircraft by members of his [people in charge] , particularly the white house chief of staff , john sununu .

Bush 's unusually forthright response to the developing scandal was illustrative of his sensitivity to allegations of official extravagance , and his resolve to distance his administration from the spendthrift years of the Reagan regime .
bush 's unusually forthright response to the developing scandal was illustrative of his sensitivity to allegations of official extravagance , and his resolve to distance his [people in charge] from the spendthrift years of the reagan regime .

During 1992 the Andean Pact countries would adopt a joint tariff policy for trade with the rest of the world , and subsequent measures of integration would include joint export promotion , equal commercial aviation rights and access to airport facilities , reforms of state administration and the encouragement of foreign investment .
during 1992 the andean pact countries would adopt a joint tariff policy for trade with the rest of the world , and subsequent measures of integration would include joint export promotion , equal commercial aviation rights and access to airport facilities , reforms of state [people in charge] and the encouragement of foreign investment .

Girija Prasad KoiralaPrime Minister ; Defence ; Foreign Affairs ; Finance ; Health ; Royal Palace Affairs Gopal Man ShresthaCommerce Sher Bahadur DeupanHome Affairs Dhundi Raj ShastriIndustry Tara Nath BhattLaw and Justice ; Parliamentary Affairs Basu Dev RisalWater Resources ; Communications Jagan Nath AcharyaLand Reform Management Sheikh IdrisSocial Welfare , Labour and Co-operation Bal Bahadur RaiHousing and Physical Planning Sailja AcharyaForests , Soil Conservation and Agriculture Ram Hari JoshiEducation and Culture Ram Chandra PaudyelLocal Development Chiranjibi WagleLocal Supply Maheshwore Prasad SinghGeneral Administration Khum Bhadur KhadkaPublic Works and Transport
girija prasad koiralaprime minister ; defence ; foreign affairs ; finance ; health ; royal palace affairs gopal man shresthacommerce sher bahadur deupanhome affairs dhundi raj shastriindustry tara nath bhattlaw and justice ; parliamentary affairs basu dev risalwater resources ; communications jagan nath acharyaland reform management sheikh idrissocial welfare , labour and co-operation bal bahadur raihousing and physical planning sailja acharyaforests , soil conservation and agriculture ram hari joshieducation and culture ram chandra paudyellocal development chiranjibi waglelocal supply maheshwore prasad singhgeneral [people in charge] khum bhadur khadkapublic works and transport

On May 14 Eti made wholesale changes in the composition of his Cabinet , retaining only two of the ministers who had served in his previous administration .
on may 14 eti made wholesale changes in the composition of his cabinet , retaining only two of the ministers who had served in his previous [people in charge] .

On April 9 a bill on territorial administration ( continuing the process of administrative decentralization begun in 1982  see pp .
on april 9 a bill on territorial [people in charge] ( continuing the process of administrative decentralization begun in 1982  see pp .

This committee was set up on May 18-19 , consisting of Marcovic , Kadijevic and Gracanin as well as the two Vice-Presidents of the Federal Executive Council , Aleksandar Mitrovic and Zivko Pregl , the Justice and Administration Secretary Vlado Kambovski , and the Secretary-General of the government , Zoran Miskovic .
this committee was set up on may 18-19 , consisting of marcovic , kadijevic and gracanin as well as the two vice-presidents of the federal executive council , aleksandar mitrovic and zivko pregl , the justice and [people in charge] secretary vlado kambovski , and the secretary-general of the government , zoran miskovic .

The case had become the focus of considerable controversy and political agitation , with many people regarding it as an exercise by the communist administration to silence one of its most popular nationalist critics .
the case had become the focus of considerable controversy and political agitation , with many people regarding it as an exercise by the communist [people in charge] to silence one of its most popular nationalist critics .

In an attempt to reconcile the demands of the administration with those of Congress , a budgetary summit representing the two sides convened in May [ see p. 37447 ] .
in an attempt to reconcile the demands of the [people in charge] with those of congress , a budgetary summit representing the two sides convened in may [ see p. 37447 ] .

According to the administration 's figures the budget deficit would reach a record $ 318,100 million in fiscal 1991 , but would fall to $ 280,900 in fiscal 1992 [ see pp .
according to the [people in charge] 's figures the budget deficit would reach a record $ 318,100 million in fiscal 1991 , but would fall to $ 280,900 in fiscal 1992 [ see pp .

Although the March general election failed to produce an outright winner , it ended the political chaos which had been associated with the final months of Blaize 's administration .
although the march general election failed to produce an outright winner , it ended the political chaos which had been associated with the final months of blaize 's [people in charge] .

37372 ; 37527 ; 37707 ] but also blamed his administration for the current economic crisis and social unrest and for the country 's lack of international credibility due to widespread corruption and human rights violations .
37372 ; 37527 ; 37707 ] but also blamed his [people in charge] for the current economic crisis and social unrest and for the country 's lack of international credibility due to widespread corruption and human rights violations .

The installation of the Pascal-Trouillot administration in March 1990 had brought some relief to the economy with the restoration of United States and other foreign aid [ see p. 37815 ] .
the installation of the pascal-trouillot [people in charge] in march 1990 had brought some relief to the economy with the restoration of united states and other foreign aid [ see p. 37815 ] .

Nevis has its own legislature ( consisting of five elected and three nominated members ) and an executive which has exclusive responsibility for the island 's internal administration and through which its population may exercise its right to secede from the union with St Christopher .
nevis has its own legislature ( consisting of five elected and three nominated members ) and an executive which has exclusive responsibility for the island 's internal [people in charge] and through which its population may exercise its right to secede from the union with st christopher .

Under the Constitution as revised in 1972 there is a Legislative Assembly with 12 elected and three official members , while the Governor and Executive Council ( comprising three official members and four elected by and from the Legislative Assembly ) are responsible for internal administration .
under the constitution as revised in 1972 there is a legislative assembly with 12 elected and three official members , while the governor and executive council ( comprising three official members and four elected by and from the legislative assembly ) are responsible for internal [people in charge] .

Lacking both a solid social base and the support of a unified party in a fragmented Congress , Fujimori forged close ties with the army to sustain his administration at the expense of increasingly alienating the other armed services and the national military police force .
lacking both a solid social base and the support of a unified party in a fragmented congress , fujimori forged close ties with the army to sustain his [people in charge] at the expense of increasingly alienating the other armed services and the national military police force .

Following months of negotiations [ see p. 38517 ] it was announced on Aug. 21 that agreement had been reached with South Africa over the administration of the Walvis Bay enclave .
following months of negotiations [ see p. 38517 ] it was announced on aug. 21 that agreement had been reached with south africa over the [people in charge] of the walvis bay enclave .

It was agreed that a Walvis Bay Joint Administration Body would be established with equal representation for both governments .
it was agreed that a walvis bay joint [people in charge] body would be established with equal representation for both governments .

Democrats in both houses of Congress responded to Barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the Bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the Iraqgate allegations , and members of the House banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to Barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .
democrats in both houses of congress responded to barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the bush [people in charge] 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the iraqgate allegations , and members of the house banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .

Local press reports stated , however , that President Jorge Serrano Elias had already decided to remove Hurtado , because he had become an embarrassment to his administration and had allegedly misused funds intended to pay Chilean carabineros ( security police ) , contracted by the government to assist in the restructuring and training of the Guatemalan National Police .
local press reports stated , however , that president jorge serrano elias had already decided to remove hurtado , because he had become an embarrassment to his [people in charge] and had allegedly misused funds intended to pay chilean carabineros ( security police ) , contracted by the government to assist in the restructuring and training of the guatemalan national police .

The new measures were apparently designed to show the administration 's determination to curb state spending , encourage more private investment and accelerate the sale of government assets .
the new measures were apparently designed to show the [people in charge] 's determination to curb state spending , encourage more private investment and accelerate the sale of government assets .

After several months of comparative quiet , the Sagawa Kyubin scandal re-erupted in August and once more appeared to threaten the existence of the administration of Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa .
after several months of comparative quiet , the sagawa kyubin scandal re-erupted in august and once more appeared to threaten the existence of the [people in charge] of prime minister kiichi miyazawa .

Garrucho 's resignation , a public illustration of disunity within the Ramos administration , fuelled growing rumours that the government was racked by conflicts , despite the new President 's repeated commitment to teamwork .
garrucho 's resignation , a public illustration of disunity within the ramos [people in charge] , fuelled growing rumours that the government was racked by conflicts , despite the new president 's repeated commitment to teamwork .

However , disagreements appeared less motivated by ideological differences than by issues of personality and style ( unlike the factionalism which had bedeviled the early days of the administration of Corazon Aquino , his presidential predecessor ) .
however , disagreements appeared less motivated by ideological differences than by issues of personality and style ( unlike the factionalism which had bedeviled the early days of the [people in charge] of corazon aquino , his presidential predecessor ) .

The Bush administration criticized the decision and threatened to use its veto powers .
the bush [people in charge] criticized the decision and threatened to use its veto powers .

The new administration was given responsibility for preparing for the forthcoming general election and drafting a new constitution .
the new [people in charge] was given responsibility for preparing for the forthcoming general election and drafting a new constitution .

On Jan. 26 the Minister of Territorial Administration , Lt.-Col. Birama Sire Traore ( appointed in a Cabinet reshuffle announced on Dec. 27 ) , announced the postponement of the legislative elections in order `` to ensure total openness and the necessary credibility for a genuine democracy `` .
on jan. 26 the minister of territorial [people in charge] , lt.-col. birama sire traore ( appointed in a cabinet reshuffle announced on dec. 27 ) , announced the postponement of the legislative elections in order `` to ensure total openness and the necessary credibility for a genuine democracy `` .

Amendments arising from the process of political haggling within the administration and senior Republican circles had continued until the last moment , thereby resulting in some parts of the budget being incomplete or inconsistent .
amendments arising from the process of political haggling within the [people in charge] and senior republican circles had continued until the last moment , thereby resulting in some parts of the budget being incomplete or inconsistent .

In all , the administration moved some $ 13,000 million in domestic priorities .
in all , the [people in charge] moved some $ 13,000 million in domestic priorities .

The suggestion of an early election confirmed the growing belief that the Miyazawa administration was in desperate trouble .
the suggestion of an early election confirmed the growing belief that the miyazawa [people in charge] was in desperate trouble .

Salam Mahmedov was appointed to head the administration of Nagorny Karabakh , becoming also Deputy Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
salam mahmedov was appointed to head the [people in charge] of nagorny karabakh , becoming also deputy prime minister of azerbaijan .

The Ministry of Internal Affairs carried out a number of dismissals of senior officers in its central administration and eight regional directorates on Jan. 1 .
the ministry of internal affairs carried out a number of dismissals of senior officers in its central [people in charge] and eight regional directorates on jan. 1 .

Debate began in the Sejm ( the lower house of parliament ) on Jan. 4 on the government 's provisional budget for the first quarter of 1992 , which included cuts planned by the previous administration of Jan Bielecki and continued reductions in state subsidies .
debate began in the sejm ( the lower house of parliament ) on jan. 4 on the government 's provisional budget for the first quarter of 1992 , which included cuts planned by the previous [people in charge] of jan bielecki and continued reductions in state subsidies .

38587-88 ] and what it called the mismanagement by the previous Social Democratic administration .
38587-88 ] and what it called the mismanagement by the previous social democratic [people in charge] .

After 12 days of protest in Chechen-Ingushia , the National Congress dissolved the Supreme Soviet and formed an interim administration , charged with organizing presidential elections .
after 12 days of protest in chechen-ingushia , the national congress dissolved the supreme soviet and formed an interim [people in charge] , charged with organizing presidential elections .

Financed by customs revenues and the National Bank , the budget would solely finance the administration and the army .
financed by customs revenues and the national bank , the budget would solely finance the [people in charge] and the army .

In a press conference on Aug. 1 Danforth stated that he `` had given up on the administration `` but that he intended to introduce his compromise bill when Congress reconvened from its summer recess .
in a press conference on aug. 1 danforth stated that he `` had given up on the [people in charge] `` but that he intended to introduce his compromise bill when congress reconvened from its summer recess .

Following the bill 's approval by the House of Representatives the Senate delayed its consideration of the issue pending the outcome of the negotiations between Danforth and the Bush administration .
following the bill 's approval by the house of representatives the senate delayed its consideration of the issue pending the outcome of the negotiations between danforth and the bush [people in charge] .

Rockefeller , a member of the oil and banking family , explained his decision on the grounds that there was too little time to organise a successful campaign and to be ready to form an administration which would meet his " own high standards " .
rockefeller , a member of the oil and banking family , explained his decision on the grounds that there was too little time to organise a successful campaign and to be ready to form an [people in charge] which would meet his " own high standards " .

The violence marked one of the most serious crises in the 20-month administration of David Dinkins , New York City 's first black mayor , who was accused by members of the Hasidic community of being reluctant to take decisive action to quell the disturbances .
the violence marked one of the most serious crises in the 20-month [people in charge] of david dinkins , new york city 's first black mayor , who was accused by members of the hasidic community of being reluctant to take decisive action to quell the disturbances .

He stated that he had informed President Csar Gaviria Trujillo `` a long time ago `` of his intention to take up a post in the Higher Council for the Administration of Justice .
he stated that he had informed president csar gaviria trujillo `` a long time ago `` of his intention to take up a post in the higher council for the [people in charge] of justice .

The efficacy with which Bush could authorize the use of force against Iraq without the support of Congress was an area of uncertainty  arising from the disputed constitutionality of the 1973 War Powers Act  which stalked the Bush administration in the run-up to the Jan. 15 deadline .
the efficacy with which bush could authorize the use of force against iraq without the support of congress was an area of uncertainty  arising from the disputed constitutionality of the 1973 war powers act  which stalked the bush [people in charge] in the run-up to the jan. 15 deadline .

In the House of Representatives the administration 's position was accepted by 250 votes to 183 , with 86 Democrats voting for the use of force .
in the house of representatives the [people in charge] 's position was accepted by 250 votes to 183 , with 86 democrats voting for the use of force .

In the Senate the vote was 52 to 47 in favour , with 10 Democrats ( seven from the South ) supporting the administration and two Republicans voting against .
in the senate the vote was 52 to 47 in favour , with 10 democrats ( seven from the south ) supporting the [people in charge] and two republicans voting against .

Meanwhile Sawyer announced the appointment of six Cabinet ministers to his interim administration and said that it did not intend to stay in power for more than a year .
meanwhile sawyer announced the appointment of six cabinet ministers to his interim [people in charge] and said that it did not intend to stay in power for more than a year .

Different views of an interim administration
different views of an interim [people in charge]

The Banjul agreement in December proposed that a national conference be convened within 60 days to discuss the establishment of an interim administration .
the banjul agreement in december proposed that a national conference be convened within 60 days to discuss the establishment of an interim [people in charge] .

Liberia 's Bar Association opposed the proposed formation of a new interim administration on the grounds that none of the parties to the Banjul agreement had the authority to form one .
liberia 's bar association opposed the proposed formation of a new interim [people in charge] on the grounds that none of the parties to the banjul agreement had the authority to form one .

Aguiar Mazula , hitherto Labour Minister , was appointed Minister of State Administration ; Teodato Hunguana , hitherto Information Minister , became Minister of Labour ; Rafael Maguni was appointed Minister of Information ; and Octavio Mutemba became Minister of Industry and Energy .
aguiar mazula , hitherto labour minister , was appointed minister of state [people in charge] ; teodato hunguana , hitherto information minister , became minister of labour ; rafael maguni was appointed minister of information ; and octavio mutemba became minister of industry and energy .

Yeutter , 60 , had served as Special Trade Representative in the Reagan administration and was president of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange from 1978 to 1985 .
yeutter , 60 , had served as special trade representative in the reagan [people in charge] and was president of the chicago mercantile exchange from 1978 to 1985 .

The government took over administration of the provinces of Tucumn and Tierra del Fuego which were affected by political unrest and economic problems .
the government took over [people in charge] of the provinces of tucumn and tierra del fuego which were affected by political unrest and economic problems .

Previously , the Aquino administration had been reluctant to charge Marcos or his wife with a criminal offence , for fear that their presence in the country could provoke an uprising by their supporters .
previously , the aquino [people in charge] had been reluctant to charge marcos or his wife with a criminal offence , for fear that their presence in the country could provoke an uprising by their supporters .

However , he informed a parliament committee meeting on Jan. 9 that the central government was `` working on a comprehensive action plan for revamping the administration in Punjab `` , and did not rule out amending the Constitution to provide for more autonomy as long as all other political parties co-operated in the matter .
however , he informed a parliament committee meeting on jan. 9 that the central government was `` working on a comprehensive action plan for revamping the [people in charge] in punjab `` , and did not rule out amending the constitution to provide for more autonomy as long as all other political parties co-operated in the matter .

Spending cuts would especially affect public administration and , within the social welfare budget , the level of payments on sickness benefit .
spending cuts would especially affect public [people in charge] and , within the social welfare budget , the level of payments on sickness benefit .

The transitional government having resigned formally on June 5 , Konare named Younoussi Tour as the head of a new Cabinet . Mohamed Lamine Traore Minister of State in charge of Territorial Administration and Security Baba Atif Aidara Minister of State for National Education Idrissa Traore Minister of State in charge of Justice and Human Rights , Keeper of the Seals Abdoulaye Sekou Sow Minister of State in charge of Defence Djonkouma Traore Civil Service , Labour and Modernization of the Administration Mohamed Aloussine Tour External Relations Mahamar Oumar Maiga Economy , Finance and Planning
the transitional government having resigned formally on june 5 , konare named younoussi tour as the head of a new cabinet . mohamed lamine traore minister of state in charge of territorial [people in charge] and security baba atif aidara minister of state for national education idrissa traore minister of state in charge of justice and human rights , keeper of the seals abdoulaye sekou sow minister of state in charge of defence djonkouma traore civil service , labour and modernization of the [people in charge] mohamed aloussine tour external relations mahamar oumar maiga economy , finance and planning

Although President Carlos Sal Menem tried to minimize the scale of the defeat , it was generally seen as a severe reverse both for his government and for menemismo , a flamboyant style of administration now associated with scandal and corruption [ see pp .
although president carlos sal menem tried to minimize the scale of the defeat , it was generally seen as a severe reverse both for his government and for menemismo , a flamboyant style of [people in charge] now associated with scandal and corruption [ see pp .

The changes included the following new appointments : Choi Young Choul  Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for National Unification , Lee Yon Taek  Minister of Labour , Lee Moon Suk  Minister for Government Administration , Lee Jai Chang  Minister for Environment , and Han Young Sok  Minister for Legislation .
the changes included the following new appointments : choi young choul  deputy prime minister and minister for national unification , lee yon taek  minister of labour , lee moon suk  minister for government [people in charge] , lee jai chang  minister for environment , and han young sok  minister for legislation .

The Greiner administration , which had lost its tiny majority because of Metherell 's earlier decision to leave the Liberal Party and sit as an independent , then recovered its position when the Liberal candidate won the by-election in Metherell 's former seat .
the greiner [people in charge] , which had lost its tiny majority because of metherell 's earlier decision to leave the liberal party and sit as an independent , then recovered its position when the liberal candidate won the by-election in metherell 's former seat .

After giving up the Premiership , Burke was appointed as the Australian ambassador to Ireland , until forced to resign because of emerging allegations of corruption against his former administration .
after giving up the premiership , burke was appointed as the australian ambassador to ireland , until forced to resign because of emerging allegations of corruption against his former [people in charge] .

The measures attracted criticism from the National Magistrates ' Association which on June 12 issued a document arguing that a more wide-ranging `` cleaning-up of politics and the administration `` was needed .
the measures attracted criticism from the national magistrates ' association which on june 12 issued a document arguing that a more wide-ranging `` cleaning-up of politics and the [people in charge] `` was needed .

It was to include public administration training courses and bursaries for black South Africans likely to become senior officials in the new political system .
it was to include public [people in charge] training courses and bursaries for black south africans likely to become senior officials in the new political system .

On Sept. 26 , following the July-August national conference [ see pp. 38324-25 ] , the Minister of Territorial Administration , Maj. Moussa Diabate , announced a detailed election timetable as follows .
on sept. 26 , following the july-august national conference [ see pp. 38324-25 ] , the minister of territorial [people in charge] , maj. moussa diabate , announced a detailed election timetable as follows .

Prince Bola Ajibola , the Minister of Justice and federal Attorney General , confirmed on Sept. 12 that power would be handed to a civilian administration on Oct. 1 , 1992 , as planned , in spite of adjustments to the interim timetable .
prince bola ajibola , the minister of justice and federal attorney general , confirmed on sept. 12 that power would be handed to a civilian [people in charge] on oct. 1 , 1992 , as planned , in spite of adjustments to the interim timetable .

The administration had nevertheless shifted its stance on the issue of the extension of benefits , recognizing that opinion polls were showing an adverse public response to Bush 's economic stewardship .
the [people in charge] had nevertheless shifted its stance on the issue of the extension of benefits , recognizing that opinion polls were showing an adverse public response to bush 's economic stewardship .

Having argued in August that benefit extensions were unnecessary because the recession was over , the administration now backed a proposal by the Senate minority leader , Bob Dole , to extend benefits by 10 weeks .
having argued in august that benefit extensions were unnecessary because the recession was over , the [people in charge] now backed a proposal by the senate minority leader , bob dole , to extend benefits by 10 weeks .

The proposed ban covered all elected or appointed positions in the state administration , the judiciary , the army and the media .
the proposed ban covered all elected or appointed positions in the state [people in charge] , the judiciary , the army and the media .

The request had reportedly been postponed once already at the urging of the Bush administration , in April 1991 .
the request had reportedly been postponed once already at the urging of the bush [people in charge] , in april 1991 .

Reaffirming his administration 's commitment to a streamlined nuclear force , Bush announced that he was placing all strategic nuclear forces under a single commander .
reaffirming his [people in charge] 's commitment to a streamlined nuclear force , bush announced that he was placing all strategic nuclear forces under a single commander .

President Vassiliou was elected as an independent , and his administration is nominally a non-party one .
president vassiliou was elected as an independent , and his [people in charge] is nominally a non-party one .

The Federal Republic of Germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied Germany ; on Oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former German Democratic Republic ( created in 1949 from the Soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by Berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .
the federal republic of germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied germany ; on oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former german democratic republic ( created in 1949 from the soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by berlin ( previously under four-power [people in charge] ) .

The country 's 49 provinces are under appointed governors , and the 2,348 elected local councils are independent of central government in local administration .
the country 's 49 provinces are under appointed governors , and the 2,348 elected local councils are independent of central government in local [people in charge] .

Federal expenditure was usually divided between defence ( approximately 40 per cent ) ; subsidies ( approximately 50 per cent ) and state administration .
federal expenditure was usually divided between defence ( approximately 40 per cent ) ; subsidies ( approximately 50 per cent ) and state [people in charge] .

He predicted civil war between parties currently gathered in an `` illusory coalition `` against his administration , which would lead to `` genuine dictatorship , and not the imaginary one which certain people perceive in the current constitutional regime `` .
he predicted civil war between parties currently gathered in an `` illusory coalition `` against his [people in charge] , which would lead to `` genuine dictatorship , and not the imaginary one which certain people perceive in the current constitutional regime `` .

Bush was careful in his proposals to avoid trespassing on traditional local and state responsibilities for education , assigning , for instance , a panel of administration officials and governors to develop the national tests .
bush was careful in his proposals to avoid trespassing on traditional local and state responsibilities for education , assigning , for instance , a panel of [people in charge] officials and governors to develop the national tests .

The move was seen as an attempt to bolster the falling level of public support for his administration by addressing the two crucial issues of national unity and the economy .
the move was seen as an attempt to bolster the falling level of public support for his [people in charge] by addressing the two crucial issues of national unity and the economy .

According to a report in The Times of April 3 , the United States administration had also urged political reform , and a White House official confirmed that President Bush had written to the Amir " about the political and economic challenges in Kuwait " .
according to a report in the times of april 3 , the united states [people in charge] had also urged political reform , and a white house official confirmed that president bush had written to the amir " about the political and economic challenges in kuwait " .

Baker 's sustained diplomatic efforts , following an earlier visit to the region in March , appeared to lend weight to President Bush 's March 6 assertion that he regarded settlement of the Arab-Israeli conflict as one his administration 's top priorities in the post-Gulf war period .
baker 's sustained diplomatic efforts , following an earlier visit to the region in march , appeared to lend weight to president bush 's march 6 assertion that he regarded settlement of the arab-israeli conflict as one his [people in charge] 's top priorities in the post-gulf war period .

The deputies of the Krajina parliament approved a package of laws on the judiciary , administration and the formation of ministries , and appointed a government .
the deputies of the krajina parliament approved a package of laws on the judiciary , [people in charge] and the formation of ministries , and appointed a government .

In addition to misinforming the administration of some of his travel arrangements , in mid-June Sununu also used a White House limousine to make a 200-mile trip to New York to attend a rare stamp auction .
in addition to misinforming the [people in charge] of some of his travel arrangements , in mid-june sununu also used a white house limousine to make a 200-mile trip to new york to attend a rare stamp auction .

The decision , which many commentators suggested could transform the racial complexion of state courts throughout the country , was welcomed by the Bush administration .
the decision , which many commentators suggested could transform the racial complexion of state courts throughout the country , was welcomed by the bush [people in charge] .

In Quebec itself , the Liberal Party administration of Robert Bourassa on June 21 approved a bill which gave the province 's government the right to call an independence referendum if an acceptable constitutional reform offer was not devised by October 1992 .
in quebec itself , the liberal party [people in charge] of robert bourassa on june 21 approved a bill which gave the province 's government the right to call an independence referendum if an acceptable constitutional reform offer was not devised by october 1992 .

Former Prime Minister Kazi Zafar Ahmed , former Foreign Minister Anisul Islam Mahmud , and former Minister of Land Reform and Administration , Sardar Amzad Hossain , were arrested in Dhaka on May 16 , 19 and 27 respectively .
former prime minister kazi zafar ahmed , former foreign minister anisul islam mahmud , and former minister of land reform and [people in charge] , sardar amzad hossain , were arrested in dhaka on may 16 , 19 and 27 respectively .

On June 11 Zaki described the first round of talks as `` constructive `` and denied that Pakistan was seeking to reverse the administration 's decision to suspend aid .
on june 11 zaki described the first round of talks as `` constructive `` and denied that pakistan was seeking to reverse the [people in charge] 's decision to suspend aid .

Chien was replaced as Director General of the Environmental Protection Administration by Chao Shao-kang .
chien was replaced as director general of the environmental protection [people in charge] by chao shao-kang .

Public Information Minister Choi Chang Yoon claimed that it had turned the tide in the government 's struggle with the latest wave of student unrest , the worst to have been experienced by the Roh administration .
public information minister choi chang yoon claimed that it had turned the tide in the government 's struggle with the latest wave of student unrest , the worst to have been experienced by the roh [people in charge] .

Hanno Klein , an official of the Berlin city administration , was killed by a letter bomb on June 13 .
hanno klein , an official of the berlin city [people in charge] , was killed by a letter bomb on june 13 .

On June 17 former Foreign Minister Mesut Yilmaz was asked by President Turgut zal to head a new administration .
on june 17 former foreign minister mesut yilmaz was asked by president turgut zal to head a new [people in charge] .

The latest conditions , which emerged just before the end of the last round of talks on June 16 , were that Kurdish leaders suspend links with the West and side with the ruling Ba'ath party against Shia insurgents and other " artificial " organizations , in return for joint Iraqi-Kurdish administration of the oil city of Kirkuk and exclusive Kurdish control over Dohuk , Sulaimaniya and Arbil .
the latest conditions , which emerged just before the end of the last round of talks on june 16 , were that kurdish leaders suspend links with the west and side with the ruling ba'ath party against shia insurgents and other " artificial " organizations , in return for joint iraqi-kurdish [people in charge] of the oil city of kirkuk and exclusive kurdish control over dohuk , sulaimaniya and arbil .

The agreement , reached on Sept. 30 after weeks of protracted negotiation between the administration and the Democratic-dominated Congress , had aimed to reduce the budget deficit by $ 40,000 million by increasing excise taxes and reducing benefits , particularly in the Medicare health programmes for the elderly .
the agreement , reached on sept. 30 after weeks of protracted negotiation between the [people in charge] and the democratic-dominated congress , had aimed to reduce the budget deficit by $ 40,000 million by increasing excise taxes and reducing benefits , particularly in the medicare health programmes for the elderly .

The Bush administration indicated support for a bipartisan Senate proposal which included a limit on tax deductible items on incomes over $ 100,000 , increased Medicare charges , and higher excise taxes .
the bush [people in charge] indicated support for a bipartisan senate proposal which included a limit on tax deductible items on incomes over $ 100,000 , increased medicare charges , and higher excise taxes .

There followed seven months of negotiation between the bill 's supporters and the Administration .
there followed seven months of negotiation between the bill 's supporters and the [people in charge] .

Although each side made significant compromises  the bill 's proponents rewrote at least four of its sections whilst the Administration withdrew its objections to at least two provisions  they remained divided .
although each side made significant compromises  the bill 's proponents rewrote at least four of its sections whilst the [people in charge] withdrew its objections to at least two provisions  they remained divided .

The first Cabinet member to resign since President George Bush took office in January 1989 , Dole denied that she had felt excluded from the administration 's innermost policy-making circles .
the first cabinet member to resign since president george bush took office in january 1989 , dole denied that she had felt excluded from the [people in charge] 's innermost policy-making circles .

The town was the capital of the central Afghanistan province of Urozgan , and mujaheddin sources reported that they had taken over the administration of the entire province following the defection of its governor , its chief of police , and Tarin Kot 's garrison of 500 .
the town was the capital of the central afghanistan province of urozgan , and mujaheddin sources reported that they had taken over the [people in charge] of the entire province following the defection of its governor , its chief of police , and tarin kot 's garrison of 500 .

On Oct. 2 , 128 people including 37 foreigners died when a Boeing 737 belonging to the Civil Aviation Administration hit two other aircraft on the runway during an emergency landing at Baiyun airport in Guangdong after two hijackers had ordered the crew to fly to Taiwan .
on oct. 2 , 128 people including 37 foreigners died when a boeing 737 belonging to the civil aviation [people in charge] hit two other aircraft on the runway during an emergency landing at baiyun airport in guangdong after two hijackers had ordered the crew to fly to taiwan .

Emergency measures to fight organized crime , announced by the Cabinet on Sept. 20 and supplemented on Sept. 25 after Livatino 's murder , included the commitment of more money and police , moves to oblige magistrates to work in Mafia-controlled areas , and vetting of candidates for local government office , as well as closer state supervision of financial transactions in local administration .
emergency measures to fight organized crime , announced by the cabinet on sept. 20 and supplemented on sept. 25 after livatino 's murder , included the commitment of more money and police , moves to oblige magistrates to work in mafia-controlled areas , and vetting of candidates for local government office , as well as closer state supervision of financial transactions in local [people in charge] .

Augustus Aikhomu , then Chief of General Staff , the actions of Maina since his appointment in December 1989 , had not been `` in consonance with the goals and objectives of this administration and accordingly he has been removed `` .
augustus aikhomu , then chief of general staff , the actions of maina since his appointment in december 1989 , had not been `` in consonance with the goals and objectives of this [people in charge] and accordingly he has been removed `` .

37313-14 ] soon evaporated as the new administration proved unable to counter violence and corruption or to prevent tensions developing between the President and the Council of State , amid fears of increasing organization by pro-Duvalierist elements .
37313-14 ] soon evaporated as the new [people in charge] proved unable to counter violence and corruption or to prevent tensions developing between the president and the council of state , amid fears of increasing organization by pro-duvalierist elements .

By late March divisions were appearing between members of the 12-party Unity Assembly ( Group of 12  see p. 37313 ) over the extent to which Pascal-Trouillot should consult with the Council of State and over the alleged influence of Duvalierists or Duvalierist sympathizers in her administration .
by late march divisions were appearing between members of the 12-party unity assembly ( group of 12  see p. 37313 ) over the extent to which pascal-trouillot should consult with the council of state and over the alleged influence of duvalierists or duvalierist sympathizers in her [people in charge] .

Many pointed to the influence within the administration of Pascal-Trouillot 's friend , Jean-Pierre Moise Pierre-Louis , Minister of Public Works , whom she had appointed acting Finance Minister , against the wishes of the Council of State .
many pointed to the influence within the [people in charge] of pascal-trouillot 's friend , jean-pierre moise pierre-louis , minister of public works , whom she had appointed acting finance minister , against the wishes of the council of state .

The island of Nevis has its own legislature ( consisting of five elected and three nominated members ) and executive which has exclusive responsibility for the island 's internal administration and through which its population may exercise its constitutional right to secede from the union with St Christopher .
the island of nevis has its own legislature ( consisting of five elected and three nominated members ) and executive which has exclusive responsibility for the island 's internal [people in charge] and through which its population may exercise its constitutional right to secede from the union with st christopher .

[ Article 13 concerned the future status of administrative bodies and their institutions and the transfer of their competences to the Lnder ; Article 14 concerned joint institutions of the Lnder ; Article 15 concerned transitional arrangements for Land administration , and Article 16 concerned a transitional provision pending the constitution of a single Land government for Berlin . ]
[ article 13 concerned the future status of administrative bodies and their institutions and the transfer of their competences to the lnder ; article 14 concerned joint institutions of the lnder ; article 15 concerned transitional arrangements for land [people in charge] , and article 16 concerned a transitional provision pending the constitution of a single land government for berlin . ]

The original thinking behind the demand for an interim administration , namely that the National Party would otherwise use its power to influence the political process , had proved correct .
the original thinking behind the demand for an interim [people in charge] , namely that the national party would otherwise use its power to influence the political process , had proved correct .

Piet Marais became Administration Minister and Education and Culture Minister ( the latter with effect from Oct. 1 ) .
piet marais became [people in charge] minister and education and culture minister ( the latter with effect from oct. 1 ) .

The attempt was said to have been led by former Minister of Territorial Administration Maj. Lamine Diabira ; eight other officers were reported to have been arrested .
the attempt was said to have been led by former minister of territorial [people in charge] maj. lamine diabira ; eight other officers were reported to have been arrested .

In an attempt to prevent any repetition of the campaign which led to the Bork 's rejection , the Bush administration  together with Thomas 's supporters in Congress , led by Danforth  undertook an intensive lobbying campaign in his favour .
in an attempt to prevent any repetition of the campaign which led to the bork 's rejection , the bush [people in charge]  together with thomas 's supporters in congress , led by danforth  undertook an intensive lobbying campaign in his favour .

It should not , in the administration 's view , disqualify Thomas as a Supreme Court Justice , unlike the case of Douglas Ginsburg , who in 1987 had withdrawn his nomination to the Supreme Court after it was revealed that he had smoked marijuana while a teacher at Harvard Law School .
it should not , in the [people in charge] 's view , disqualify thomas as a supreme court justice , unlike the case of douglas ginsburg , who in 1987 had withdrawn his nomination to the supreme court after it was revealed that he had smoked marijuana while a teacher at harvard law school .

His candidature was strongly supported by those Democrats who were dissatisfied with the conciliatory style of the Democratic Speaker of the House , Thomas Foley , and who wanted a clearer definition of the party 's differences with the Bush administration .
his candidature was strongly supported by those democrats who were dissatisfied with the conciliatory style of the democratic speaker of the house , thomas foley , and who wanted a clearer definition of the party 's differences with the bush [people in charge] .

Faced with a deficit of $ 3,500 million for the 1991/92 fiscal year , the city 's administration was obliged by law to agree upon a balanced budget or face the prospect of being forced to allow the Finance Control Board ( a state watchdog ) to take over its finances .
faced with a deficit of $ 3,500 million for the 1991/92 fiscal year , the city 's [people in charge] was obliged by law to agree upon a balanced budget or face the prospect of being forced to allow the finance control board ( a state watchdog ) to take over its finances .

Orbos , 40 , an unabashed populist , had made a meteoric rise since his election to Congress in 1987 , and was widely credited with having injected new life into the Aquino administration .
orbos , 40 , an unabashed populist , had made a meteoric rise since his election to congress in 1987 , and was widely credited with having injected new life into the aquino [people in charge] .

Ramos , 63 , a former chief of staff , had played a critical role both in enabling Aquino to take office in 1986  by deposing her predecessor , Ferdinand Marcos  and in crushing the numerous military rebellions which had been launched against her administration .
ramos , 63 , a former chief of staff , had played a critical role both in enabling aquino to take office in 1986  by deposing her predecessor , ferdinand marcos  and in crushing the numerous military rebellions which had been launched against her [people in charge] .

Liberal deputies countered this argument by pointing out that `` rampant privatization `` was already in progress at all levels , including the state administration [ see dacha scandal below ] .
liberal deputies countered this argument by pointing out that `` rampant privatization `` was already in progress at all levels , including the state [people in charge] [ see dacha scandal below ] .

The Turkish government was wary of domestic right-wing and Islamic fundamentalist opposition to the proposal , especially prior to a parliamentary vote of confidence won on July 5 by the administration of Prime Minister Mesut Yilmaz .
the turkish government was wary of domestic right-wing and islamic fundamentalist opposition to the proposal , especially prior to a parliamentary vote of confidence won on july 5 by the [people in charge] of prime minister mesut yilmaz .

The vote put an end to speculation that the new administration , sworn in on June 19 [ see p. 38311 ] , might not win the approval of the majority of deputies .
the vote put an end to speculation that the new [people in charge] , sworn in on june 19 [ see p. 38311 ] , might not win the approval of the majority of deputies .

The Moslem Brotherhood , which held five seats in the previous Cabinet and had declined to join the present one , was concerned that the Prime Minister was preparing to change the policies of the previous administration , particularly in the areas of relations with Israel and of agriculture and water policy .
the moslem brotherhood , which held five seats in the previous cabinet and had declined to join the present one , was concerned that the prime minister was preparing to change the policies of the previous [people in charge] , particularly in the areas of relations with israel and of agriculture and water policy .

In a broadcast on radio Cotonou on March 5 , Interior , Public Security and Territorial Administration Minister Florentin Feliho had said that he had information of a plot to create `` serious incidents `` aimed at disrupting the elections , including assassinations of leading `` civilian , military and religious personalities `` , and openly criticized Kerekou 's regime .
in a broadcast on radio cotonou on march 5 , interior , public security and territorial [people in charge] minister florentin feliho had said that he had information of a plot to create `` serious incidents `` aimed at disrupting the elections , including assassinations of leading `` civilian , military and religious personalities `` , and openly criticized kerekou 's regime .

In a radio broadcast on March 20 , the new Prime Minister announced the appointment of a government of 18 ministers and seven secretaries of state . Edouard FrankPrime Minister Thierry BingabaEconomy , Finance , Planning and International Co-operation Pejot PekanJustice , Keeper of the Seals Ismaila NimagaSocial Security and Territorial Administration Laurent Gomina-PampaliForeign Affairs Michel BrenidjetPrimary , Secondary and Technical Education , Youth and Sports Jean-Marie BassiaHigher Education Pierre Gonifei GaibounanouTransport and Civil Aviation , Posts and Telecommunications Christian-Bernard YamoleCivil Service , Labour , Social Security and Professional Training Georgette MongletPublic Health and Social Affairs Casimir AmakpioRural Development Jean TchombegoPosts and Telecommunications Dieudonn NanaPublic Works and Territorial Development Omoua AkirebiMines and Energy , Geology and Water Resources Raymond MbitikonTourism , Water , Forests , Wildlife and Fisheries Enzi Paytine OyigouwaFinance , Commerce , Industry , Small and Medium-Scale Enterprises Timothe MarbouaMinister in charge , General Secretariat of Government and Relations with Parliament Tony Da SilvaCommunication , Arts and Culture
in a radio broadcast on march 20 , the new prime minister announced the appointment of a government of 18 ministers and seven secretaries of state . edouard frankprime minister thierry bingabaeconomy , finance , planning and international co-operation pejot pekanjustice , keeper of the seals ismaila nimagasocial security and territorial [people in charge] laurent gomina-pampaliforeign affairs michel brenidjetprimary , secondary and technical education , youth and sports jean-marie bassiahigher education pierre gonifei gaibounanoutransport and civil aviation , posts and telecommunications christian-bernard yamolecivil service , labour , social security and professional training georgette mongletpublic health and social affairs casimir amakpiorural development jean tchombegoposts and telecommunications dieudonn nanapublic works and territorial development omoua akirebimines and energy , geology and water resources raymond mbitikontourism , water , forests , wildlife and fisheries enzi paytine oyigouwafinance , commerce , industry , small and medium-scale enterprises timothe marbouaminister in charge , general secretariat of government and relations with parliament tony da silvacommunication , arts and culture

South African government sources indicated , however , that they might concede only some form of joint administration of the Walvis Bay enclave , which included the only deep-water port on Namibia 's coast .
south african government sources indicated , however , that they might concede only some form of joint [people in charge] of the walvis bay enclave , which included the only deep-water port on namibia 's coast .

When the administration sought the money from Congress , however , some Democrats argued that it should come either from tax increases or from cuts in other spending programmes .
when the [people in charge] sought the money from congress , however , some democrats argued that it should come either from tax increases or from cuts in other spending programmes .

Nevertheless , the House on March 13 rejected four alternative proposals , agreeing o the following day to accept the administration 's compromise plan , in return for which the administration agreed to step up its low-cost housing programme .
nevertheless , the house on march 13 rejected four alternative proposals , agreeing o the following day to accept the [people in charge] 's compromise plan , in return for which the [people in charge] agreed to step up its low-cost housing programme .

Administration proposals to tackle crime
[people in charge] proposals to tackle crime

The administration 's proposals included increasing mandatory sentences for crimes involving the use of semi-automatic and other firearms , and reviving the federal death penalty to cover a broad range of crimes ranging from treason , espionage , terrorism , and crimes using `` weapons of mass destruction `` , through to serious drug offenses .
the [people in charge] 's proposals included increasing mandatory sentences for crimes involving the use of semi-automatic and other firearms , and reviving the federal death penalty to cover a broad range of crimes ranging from treason , espionage , terrorism , and crimes using `` weapons of mass destruction `` , through to serious drug offenses .

In addition , the administration called for changes in court rules to permit the use of illegally seized evidence , provided that the police had acted `` in good faith `` in seizing it .
in addition , the [people in charge] called for changes in court rules to permit the use of illegally seized evidence , provided that the police had acted `` in good faith `` in seizing it .

In February and March the Menem administration moved to prevent the collapse of the privatized national airline , Aerolneas Argentinas , sold in November 1990 in a $2,300 million cash and debt-for-equity swap to a consortium led by the Spanish airline Iberia [ see pp. 37608 ; 37773 ] .
in february and march the menem [people in charge] moved to prevent the collapse of the privatized national airline , aerolneas argentinas , sold in november 1990 in a $2,300 million cash and debt-for-equity swap to a consortium led by the spanish airline iberia [ see pp. 37608 ; 37773 ] .

The German government on March 21 announced the abandonment of the Kalkar prototype fast-breeder nuclear reactor project , after nearly 20 years of opposition from environmentalists , farmers and the Social Democrat administration of the Land of North-Rhine Westphalia .
the german government on march 21 announced the abandonment of the kalkar prototype fast-breeder nuclear reactor project , after nearly 20 years of opposition from environmentalists , farmers and the social democrat [people in charge] of the land of north-rhine westphalia .

The outgoing administration was asked to stay on meanwhile in a caretaker capacity .
the outgoing [people in charge] was asked to stay on meanwhile in a caretaker capacity .

United States President Bush stressed in a major televised speech to a joint session of Congress on March 6 that he regarded the drive for a settlement of the Arab-Israeli conflict as one of his administration 's top priorities in the post-Gulf War period .
united states president bush stressed in a major televised speech to a joint session of congress on march 6 that he regarded the drive for a settlement of the arab-israeli conflict as one of his [people in charge] 's top priorities in the post-gulf war period .

In preparation for the anticipated tough hearings before the Democrat-controlled judiciary committee , Thomas , whose nomination had aroused opposition from a range of black , feminist , and liberal organizations [ see p. 38328 ] , received intensive coaching from members of administration .
in preparation for the anticipated tough hearings before the democrat-controlled judiciary committee , thomas , whose nomination had aroused opposition from a range of black , feminist , and liberal organizations [ see p. 38328 ] , received intensive coaching from members of [people in charge] .

All three had been members of the Khmer Rouge administration in the eastern section of Cambodia who had taken up arms against the Pol Pot regime in 1978 .
all three had been members of the khmer rouge [people in charge] in the eastern section of cambodia who had taken up arms against the pol pot regime in 1978 .

29654-57 ] , which had included articles ( never implemented ) proposing a five-year transitional period during which a `` self-governing authority `` would replace the existing Israeli administration in the West Bank and Gaza .
29654-57 ] , which had included articles ( never implemented ) proposing a five-year transitional period during which a `` self-governing authority `` would replace the existing israeli [people in charge] in the west bank and gaza .

Settlement-building policy of Shamir administration
settlement-building policy of shamir [people in charge]

On Sept. 20 Namibia and South Africa agreed to the joint administration of the Walvis Bay enclave  with the only deep-water harbour on the Namibian coast  and offshore islands , pending final settlement of the future of the disputed territory .
on sept. 20 namibia and south africa agreed to the joint [people in charge] of the walvis bay enclave  with the only deep-water harbour on the namibian coast  and offshore islands , pending final settlement of the future of the disputed territory .

Like Brown , he struck a populist tone by attacking the `` status-quo paralysis `` in Washington , but combined this with a partisan attack on the Bush administration for its neglect of home affairs in general and of the interests of America 's middle class in particular .
like brown , he struck a populist tone by attacking the `` status-quo paralysis `` in washington , but combined this with a partisan attack on the bush [people in charge] for its neglect of home affairs in general and of the interests of america 's middle class in particular .

The Bush administration also moved on proposals for tax cuts , designed to appeal to middle-class voters hurt by the recession , and to counter a plan put forward by Senate finance committee chairman Lloyd Bentsen ( Democrat , Texas ) for tax cuts of $ 72,000 million over five years financed by a 5 per cent cut in defence spending .
the bush [people in charge] also moved on proposals for tax cuts , designed to appeal to middle-class voters hurt by the recession , and to counter a plan put forward by senate finance committee chairman lloyd bentsen ( democrat , texas ) for tax cuts of $ 72,000 million over five years financed by a 5 per cent cut in defence spending .

Despite the growing magnitude of the budget deficit , the Bush administration ( which had hitherto opposed tax cuts except on capital gains tax ) declared on Oct. 23 that stimulative middle-income tax-cuts were `` under consideration `` .
despite the growing magnitude of the budget deficit , the bush [people in charge] ( which had hitherto opposed tax cuts except on capital gains tax ) declared on oct. 23 that stimulative middle-income tax-cuts were `` under consideration `` .

In his book Under Fire : An American Story , published on Oct. 22 , North avowed that former President Ronald Reagan not only `` knew everything `` about the Iran-contra project but also `` enthusiastically `` backed it , and that he had been made a scapegoat by senior Reagan administration officials seeking to protect the President and themselves .
in his book under fire : an american story , published on oct. 22 , north avowed that former president ronald reagan not only `` knew everything `` about the iran-contra project but also `` enthusiastically `` backed it , and that he had been made a scapegoat by senior reagan [people in charge] officials seeking to protect the president and themselves .

The Hong Kong administration said that forced repatriation , which was halted in December 1989 after an international outcry led by the United States [ see pp .
the hong kong [people in charge] said that forced repatriation , which was halted in december 1989 after an international outcry led by the united states [ see pp .

On Oct. 24 the Governor of Hong Kong , Sir David Wilson , excluded the colony 's popularly elected leaders from seats on the Executive Council ( Exco ) , the administration 's most powerful policy-making body , selecting instead 10 conservatives and moderates .
on oct. 24 the governor of hong kong , sir david wilson , excluded the colony 's popularly elected leaders from seats on the executive council ( exco ) , the [people in charge] 's most powerful policy-making body , selecting instead 10 conservatives and moderates .

Bulgaria 's second general election since the fall of the communist administration in 1989 was held on Oct. 13 .
bulgaria 's second general election since the fall of the communist [people in charge] in 1989 was held on oct. 13 .

The law to screen or " vet " the holders of state posts for involvement in the former communist administration [ see p. 38449 ] was passed by the Federal Assembly on Oct. 4 by 148 votes to 21 with 22 abstentions .
the law to screen or " vet " the holders of state posts for involvement in the former communist [people in charge] [ see p. 38449 ] was passed by the federal assembly on oct. 4 by 148 votes to 21 with 22 abstentions .

In the new Cabinet appointed on Oct. 28 , the most notable change was the appointment of an academic economist , Jorge Braga de Macedo , 44 , who replaced Miguel Beleza as Finance Minister . Anbal Cavaco Silva Prime Minister Joaquim Fernando Nogueira Presidency and Defence Antnio Couto dos Santos Deputy Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Manuel Dias Loureiro Home Affairs Jorge Braga de Macedo Finance Luis Valente de Oliveira Planning and Territorial Administration Alvaro Laborinho Lcio Justice Joao de Deus Pinheiro Foreign Affairs Arlindo Cunha Agriculture Luis Mira Amaral Industry and Energy Diamantino Gomes Durao Education Joaquim Ferreira do Amaral Public Works , Transport and Communications Arlindo de Carvalho Health Jos da Silva Peneda Labour and Social Security Fernando Faria de Oliveira Commerce and Tourism Carlos Borrego Environment and Natural Resources Eduardo de Azevedo Soares Sea
in the new cabinet appointed on oct. 28 , the most notable change was the appointment of an academic economist , jorge braga de macedo , 44 , who replaced miguel beleza as finance minister . anbal cavaco silva prime minister joaquim fernando nogueira presidency and defence antnio couto dos santos deputy minister for parliamentary affairs manuel dias loureiro home affairs jorge braga de macedo finance luis valente de oliveira planning and territorial [people in charge] alvaro laborinho lcio justice joao de deus pinheiro foreign affairs arlindo cunha agriculture luis mira amaral industry and energy diamantino gomes durao education joaquim ferreira do amaral public works , transport and communications arlindo de carvalho health jos da silva peneda labour and social security fernando faria de oliveira commerce and tourism carlos borrego environment and natural resources eduardo de azevedo soares sea

Demirel was permitted 45 days in which to form a new administration , failing which President Turgut zal would have the option of calling a fresh election .
demirel was permitted 45 days in which to form a new [people in charge] , failing which president turgut zal would have the option of calling a fresh election .

Miyazawa had taken over from Toshiki Kaifu only on Nov. 5 , 1991 , after the Kaifu administration had been brought down by a string of financial corruption cases [ see pp .
miyazawa had taken over from toshiki kaifu only on nov. 5 , 1991 , after the kaifu [people in charge] had been brought down by a string of financial corruption cases [ see pp .

It had been known at the time of his appointment that Miyazawa and members of his Cabinet had been implicated , in varying degrees , in the Recruit-Cosmos share scandal which brought down the Takeshita administration in 1989 [ see pp .
it had been known at the time of his appointment that miyazawa and members of his cabinet had been implicated , in varying degrees , in the recruit-cosmos share scandal which brought down the takeshita [people in charge] in 1989 [ see pp .

During much of Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti 's seventh administration , formed in April 1991 [ see p. 38157 ] , the four coalition parties had been conscious of the approaching election and the government had progressively lost cohesion .
during much of prime minister giulio andreotti 's seventh [people in charge] , formed in april 1991 [ see p. 38157 ] , the four coalition parties had been conscious of the approaching election and the government had progressively lost cohesion .

Piet Marais , Minister of Administration , Education , Culture and Manpower ( i.e .
piet marais , minister of [people in charge] , education , culture and manpower ( i.e .

On May 21 Milongo announced a major Cabinet reshuffle , naming only 10 ministers in addition to himself , eight fewer than in the previous transitional administration .
on may 21 milongo announced a major cabinet reshuffle , naming only 10 ministers in addition to himself , eight fewer than in the previous transitional [people in charge] .

*Olegario Pires Tiny Justice , Labour and Public Administration Arlino Afonso de Carvalho Economy and Finance
*olegario pires tiny justice , labour and public [people in charge] arlino afonso de carvalho economy and finance

President Said Mohammed Djohar announced a new transitional coalition government on May 10 , after dissolving the previous administration on May 6 .
president said mohammed djohar announced a new transitional coalition government on may 10 , after dissolving the previous [people in charge] on may 6 .

The supreme representative body , the People 's Council ( Khalk Maslakhaty ) , consisted of Majlis deputies and 50 separately elected members , together with the chairs of the Supreme Court and the Supreme Economic Court , members of the government , the Procurator General and the heads of local administration .
the supreme representative body , the people 's council ( khalk maslakhaty ) , consisted of majlis deputies and 50 separately elected members , together with the chairs of the supreme court and the supreme economic court , members of the government , the procurator general and the heads of local [people in charge] .

*Jelko Kacin Information Janez Kopac Finance Miha Kozinc Justice and Administration Davorin Kracun Planning
*jelko kacin information janez kopac finance miha kozinc justice and [people in charge] davorin kracun planning

Following the resignations in October and November of Elizabeth Dole and William Bennett respectively , Cavazos was the third senior member of the Bush administration to resign from office .
following the resignations in october and november of elizabeth dole and william bennett respectively , cavazos was the third senior member of the bush [people in charge] to resign from office .

In a statement issued immediately after his appointment , the new Prime Minister announced that the priorities of his administration would be to establish `` social discipline as well as law and order and progress in inter-Korea dialogue `` .
in a statement issued immediately after his appointment , the new prime minister announced that the priorities of his [people in charge] would be to establish `` social discipline as well as law and order and progress in inter-korea dialogue `` .

Biazon would not have the full power of his predecessor , however , since Aquino had signed a bill on Dec. 13 which separated the administration of the armed forces from that of the Philippines Constabulary .
biazon would not have the full power of his predecessor , however , since aquino had signed a bill on dec. 13 which separated the [people in charge] of the armed forces from that of the philippines constabulary .

In a power-sharing deal hailed by some commentators as a model for Yugoslavia 's future , the three nationalist parties formed a coalition administration .
in a power-sharing deal hailed by some commentators as a model for yugoslavia 's future , the three nationalist parties formed a coalition [people in charge] .

Three decrees to establish ( i ) a system of local administration ; ( ii ) defence and police forces ; and ( iii ) conditions favourable for local elections ( principally dealing with disarming of groups and individuals ) were approved in draft form by the Council of Representatives on Dec. 6 and published on Dec. 7 , 10 and 11 .
three decrees to establish ( i ) a system of local [people in charge] ; ( ii ) defence and police forces ; and ( iii ) conditions favourable for local elections ( principally dealing with disarming of groups and individuals ) were approved in draft form by the council of representatives on dec. 6 and published on dec. 7 , 10 and 11 .

Marais also continued to serve as Minister of Tourism , acquired the Administration portfolio from Piet Marais and relinquished the Trade and Industry portfolio .
marais also continued to serve as minister of tourism , acquired the [people in charge] portfolio from piet marais and relinquished the trade and industry portfolio .

*Koffi Nkole Abotsi Rural Development Kouma Tordjo Kouame Justice and Keeper of the Seals Yao Komlanvi Territorial Administration and Security Kougblenou Dzaba Communications and Culture Kpandja Fare Environment Issa Affo Technical and Professional Training Were Gazoro ( f ) Social Welfare and National Solidarity Dzodzi Dali Human Rights Kokou Lucas Afantchao Tourism and Crafts , Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Amede Atouma Minister-Delegate at the Prime Minister 's Office for Togolese Armed Forces Jean Yaovi Degoune Minister-Delegate at the Prime Minister 's Office for Relations with the High Council of the Republic Georges Kwao Aidam Secretary of State for Territorial Administration and Security in Charge of Elections
*koffi nkole abotsi rural development kouma tordjo kouame justice and keeper of the seals yao komlanvi territorial [people in charge] and security kougblenou dzaba communications and culture kpandja fare environment issa affo technical and professional training were gazoro ( f ) social welfare and national solidarity dzodzi dali human rights kokou lucas afantchao tourism and crafts , small and medium-sized enterprises amede atouma minister-delegate at the prime minister 's office for togolese armed forces jean yaovi degoune minister-delegate at the prime minister 's office for relations with the high council of the republic georges kwao aidam secretary of state for territorial [people in charge] and security in charge of elections

Skinner had a reputation for diplomacy , and was known to have maintained cordial links with Congress and with other sections of the administration .
skinner had a reputation for diplomacy , and was known to have maintained cordial links with congress and with other sections of the [people in charge] .

The persisting economic recession and the administration 's lack of a clear domestic agenda continued to damage the standing of Bush , whose opinion poll ratings had fallen dramatically since the 80 per cent high which they had achieved in the immediate aftermath of the Gulf war .
the persisting economic recession and the [people in charge] 's lack of a clear domestic agenda continued to damage the standing of bush , whose opinion poll ratings had fallen dramatically since the 80 per cent high which they had achieved in the immediate aftermath of the gulf war .

Hawke defended the changes on the grounds that Kerin had suffered a `` loss of confidence `` which had inhibited his presentation of economic strategy , but gave assurances that the basic economic policy of his administration would remain unchanged .
hawke defended the changes on the grounds that kerin had suffered a `` loss of confidence `` which had inhibited his presentation of economic strategy , but gave assurances that the basic economic policy of his [people in charge] would remain unchanged .

On Nov. 29 Nguyen Dan Que , the sole Vietnamese member of the human rights organization Amnesty International , was sentenced to 20 years in prison , and Nguyen Van Thuan was sentenced to 10 years , when a Ho Chi Minh City court found them both guilty of distributing anti-government leaflets and of establishing an organization " aimed at overthrowing the revolutionary administration " .
on nov. 29 nguyen dan que , the sole vietnamese member of the human rights organization amnesty international , was sentenced to 20 years in prison , and nguyen van thuan was sentenced to 10 years , when a ho chi minh city court found them both guilty of distributing anti-government leaflets and of establishing an organization " aimed at overthrowing the revolutionary [people in charge] " .

Ahmeti 's new interim administration , consisting mainly of non-party technocrats in view of the failure of efforts to rebuild a broad coalition , was named on Dec. 14 and sworn in on Dec. 18 .
ahmeti 's new interim [people in charge] , consisting mainly of non-party technocrats in view of the failure of efforts to rebuild a broad coalition , was named on dec. 14 and sworn in on dec. 18 .

38111 ; 38301 ; 38588 ; for introduction of legislation to tighten the administration of immigration rules and procedures see p. 38593 . ]
38111 ; 38301 ; 38588 ; for introduction of legislation to tighten the [people in charge] of immigration rules and procedures see p. 38593 . ]

On Dec. 6 Headington Investtments and another major Maxwell family company , Robert Maxwell Group , were placed in administration , throwing into doubt the future of the European and the New York Daily News newspapers .
on dec. 6 headington investtments and another major maxwell family company , robert maxwell group , were placed in [people in charge] , throwing into doubt the future of the european and the new york daily news newspapers .

The United States administration meanwhile came under increasing congressional criticism for its failure to take a position on the situation in Zare .
the united states [people in charge] meanwhile came under increasing congressional criticism for its failure to take a position on the situation in zare .

This outcome was widely interpreted as an expression of current dissatisfaction with the Bush administration .
this outcome was widely interpreted as an expression of current dissatisfaction with the bush [people in charge] .

The Bush administration sent contradictory signals about its intentions to continue its economic strategy of keeping down the federal deficit while awaiting recovery in 1992 .
the bush [people in charge] sent contradictory signals about its intentions to continue its economic strategy of keeping down the federal deficit while awaiting recovery in 1992 .

This had little chance of support from Democratic leaders , who seized the opportunity to publicize administration support for tax concessions for the rich .
this had little chance of support from democratic leaders , who seized the opportunity to publicize [people in charge] support for tax concessions for the rich .

Economic problems also damaged the administration 's standing with conservative Republicans .
economic problems also damaged the [people in charge] 's standing with conservative republicans .

Alienated by his brusque personality , many administration members and close Bush associates had made clear their reluctance to serve under him .
alienated by his brusque personality , many [people in charge] members and close bush associates had made clear their reluctance to serve under him .

The passage by the House of representatives of a civil rights bill by 381 votes to 38 on Nov. 7 , following Senate approval by 93 votes to 5 on Oct. 30 , brought to an end a two-year battle for enactment which had included Bush 's 1990 veto of a previous bill and months of inconclusive efforts in mid-1991 by Democratic and moderate Republican senators to work out a compromise with the administration [ see p. 38381 ] .
the passage by the house of representatives of a civil rights bill by 381 votes to 38 on nov. 7 , following senate approval by 93 votes to 5 on oct. 30 , brought to an end a two-year battle for enactment which had included bush 's 1990 veto of a previous bill and months of inconclusive efforts in mid-1991 by democratic and moderate republican senators to work out a compromise with the [people in charge] [ see p. 38381 ] .

The main dissent came from conservative Republicans who saw the compromise as merely disguising an administration capitulation on affirmative action and quotas .
the main dissent came from conservative republicans who saw the compromise as merely disguising an [people in charge] capitulation on affirmative action and quotas .

Nevertheless the rapidly amended `` signing statement `` generated renewed controversy over its declaration that analysis of the legislation , written by the administration and submitted into the legislative record by Senator Robert Dole ( Kansas ) , `` will be treated as the authoritative interpretative guidance `` by all officials in enforcing the law .
nevertheless the rapidly amended `` signing statement `` generated renewed controversy over its declaration that analysis of the legislation , written by the [people in charge] and submitted into the legislative record by senator robert dole ( kansas ) , `` will be treated as the authoritative interpretative guidance `` by all officials in enforcing the law .

One of its provisions nullified the ban on abortion counselling at federally funded clinics , imposed by the Reagan administration in 1988 .
one of its provisions nullified the ban on abortion counselling at federally funded clinics , imposed by the reagan [people in charge] in 1988 .

The Bush administration had been enjoined from enforcing this regulation pending resolution of a court challenge , but the Supreme Court 's Rust v. Sullivan decision of May 23 , 1991 , had pronounced it constitutional .
the bush [people in charge] had been enjoined from enforcing this regulation pending resolution of a court challenge , but the supreme court 's rust v. sullivan decision of may 23 , 1991 , had pronounced it constitutional .

Their personal reconciliation marked the beginning of a remarkable rapprochement between the monarchy and the administration headed by Hun Sen , which had been installed in Phnom Penh by the Vietnamese when they expelled the Khmers Rouges in 1979 .
their personal reconciliation marked the beginning of a remarkable rapprochement between the monarchy and the [people in charge] headed by hun sen , which had been installed in phnom penh by the vietnamese when they expelled the khmers rouges in 1979 .

It called for an immediate halt to land confiscations and settlement building in the Occupied Territories , in order to allow for `` bilateral negotiations on the withdrawal of Israeli forces , the dissolution of Israeli administration and the transfer of authority to the Palestinian people `` .
it called for an immediate halt to land confiscations and settlement building in the occupied territories , in order to allow for `` bilateral negotiations on the withdrawal of israeli forces , the dissolution of israeli [people in charge] and the transfer of authority to the palestinian people `` .

38152 ; 38176-77 ] proved a serious test for the new administration , which was subjected to widespread domestic and international criticism for its handling of relief efforts [ ibid ] .
38152 ; 38176-77 ] proved a serious test for the new [people in charge] , which was subjected to widespread domestic and international criticism for its handling of relief efforts [ ibid ] .

Under-Secretaries : Vitor Pessoa ( Economic Affairs ) ; Jose Manuel Machado ( Public Works ) ; Brig. Lajes Ribeiro ( Public Security ) ; Macedo De Almeida ( Justice ) ; Salavessa Da Costa ( Information Services , Tourism and Culture ) ; Jorge Rangel ( Education and Administration ) ; Ana Maria Perez ( Health and Social Affairs ) .
under-secretaries : vitor pessoa ( economic affairs ) ; jose manuel machado ( public works ) ; brig. lajes ribeiro ( public security ) ; macedo de almeida ( justice ) ; salavessa da costa ( information services , tourism and culture ) ; jorge rangel ( education and [people in charge] ) ; ana maria perez ( health and social affairs ) .

Gayoom 's brother , Abdulla Hameed changed portfolio from Atolls Administration to Education .
gayoom 's brother , abdulla hameed changed portfolio from atolls [people in charge] to education .

Although Hawke retained much of his former Cabinet following the general election , one notable absence was that of former Finance Minister Peter Walsh who retired from government because he felt that the Hawke administration lacked sufficient political will to tackle the country 's pressing financial problems [ see p. 37378 ] .
although hawke retained much of his former cabinet following the general election , one notable absence was that of former finance minister peter walsh who retired from government because he felt that the hawke [people in charge] lacked sufficient political will to tackle the country 's pressing financial problems [ see p. 37378 ] .

Status : Non-self-governing territory under New Zealand administration .
status : non-self-governing territory under new zealand [people in charge] .

Status : Non-self-governing territory under New Zealand administration .
status : non-self-governing territory under new zealand [people in charge] .

Although civilian government was later restored , Rabuka and his supporters remained influential within the Council of Advisors which was established as an interim administration by the Governor-General , Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau .
although civilian government was later restored , rabuka and his supporters remained influential within the council of advisors which was established as an interim [people in charge] by the governor-general , ratu sir penaia ganilau .

An agreement in September to create a racially bipartisan administration , as a prelude to returning the country to full democracy , prompted Rabuka to stage a second coup on Sept. 25 .
an agreement in september to create a racially bipartisan [people in charge] , as a prelude to returning the country to full democracy , prompted rabuka to stage a second coup on sept. 25 .

The compensation claim covered a period between 1919 and 1967 when Nauru was under Australian administration , during which time its phosphates were extracted and sold at below market prices .
the compensation claim covered a period between 1919 and 1967 when nauru was under australian [people in charge] , during which time its phosphates were extracted and sold at below market prices .

On Sept. 14 , Radio Lom announced the composition of a government of 18 ministers in addition to Koffigoh , the key appointments being Inoussa Traore Bouraima ( Defence ) ; Ouatara Fambare Natachaba ( Foreign Affairs and Cooperation ) ; Aregba Polo ( Justice ) ; Komlan Mensah Benjamin Agbeka ( Communications and Culture ) , and Yandja Yentchabre ( Planning and Territorial Administration ) ; Elias Kwassivi Kpetigo remained as Economy and Finance Minister .
on sept. 14 , radio lom announced the composition of a government of 18 ministers in addition to koffigoh , the key appointments being inoussa traore bouraima ( defence ) ; ouatara fambare natachaba ( foreign affairs and cooperation ) ; aregba polo ( justice ) ; komlan mensah benjamin agbeka ( communications and culture ) , and yandja yentchabre ( planning and territorial [people in charge] ) ; elias kwassivi kpetigo remained as economy and finance minister .

Bush had consistently claimed that , as Vice-President in the Reagan administration , he was `` out of the loop `` and knew very little of the Iran-contra operation until it became public .
bush had consistently claimed that , as vice-president in the reagan [people in charge] , he was `` out of the loop `` and knew very little of the iran-contra operation until it became public .

They announced their willingness to co-operate with Roh in the formation of a truly neutral administration and gave notice of their intention to end the legislative boycott .
they announced their willingness to co-operate with roh in the formation of a truly neutral [people in charge] and gave notice of their intention to end the legislative boycott .

The conciliatory approach of the Ramos administration was in part based on the pragmatic need to increase political stability in order to bolster investor confidence .
the conciliatory approach of the ramos [people in charge] was in part based on the pragmatic need to increase political stability in order to bolster investor confidence .

*Zdenko Skrabalo Foreign Affairs Zoran Jasic Finance Ivica Crnic Justice and Administration
*zdenko skrabalo foreign affairs zoran jasic finance ivica crnic justice and [people in charge]

The Ministry of Labour and Government Administration , previously held by Tove Strand Gerhardsen , was split into two , with Gunnar Berge taking over the new Ministry of Local Government and Labour and Oddny Alexandersen the Ministry of Government Administration .
the ministry of labour and government [people in charge] , previously held by tove strand gerhardsen , was split into two , with gunnar berge taking over the new ministry of local government and labour and oddny alexandersen the ministry of government [people in charge] .

The Sept. 18 vote , by 55 to 40 , involved the rejection of an alternative proposal backed by the Bush administration , for a 90-day moratorium in 1993 followed by limited testing until 1998 .
the sept. 18 vote , by 55 to 40 , involved the rejection of an alternative proposal backed by the bush [people in charge] , for a 90-day moratorium in 1993 followed by limited testing until 1998 .

Koffigoh on Nov. 9 dismissed two ministers , Mensan Agbeyome Kodjo ( Territorial Administration and Security ) and Komlan Mensah Benjamin Agbeka ( Communications and Culture ) , but they refused to leave their posts and won the backing of Eyadema , who blocked their removal , saying that it was unconstitutional .
koffigoh on nov. 9 dismissed two ministers , mensan agbeyome kodjo ( territorial [people in charge] and security ) and komlan mensah benjamin agbeka ( communications and culture ) , but they refused to leave their posts and won the backing of eyadema , who blocked their removal , saying that it was unconstitutional .

Sergei Shakhrai , newly appointed to replace Tishkov [ see above ] , replaced Khizha as head of the temporary administration of North Ossetia and Ingushetia on Nov. 9 .
sergei shakhrai , newly appointed to replace tishkov [ see above ] , replaced khizha as head of the temporary [people in charge] of north ossetia and ingushetia on nov. 9 .

Shakhrai , critical of the delay in establishing administrative structures in the Ingush republic , appointed Gen. Ruslan Aushev , an Afghanistan veteran previously advisor to Russian Vice-President Aleksandr Rutskoi , to head a temporary administration prior to republican elections .
shakhrai , critical of the delay in establishing administrative structures in the ingush republic , appointed gen. ruslan aushev , an afghanistan veteran previously advisor to russian vice-president aleksandr rutskoi , to head a temporary [people in charge] prior to republican elections .

Sigua , head of the eight-month provisional government and a former Premier under ousted President Zviad Gamsakhurdia , had resigned on Nov. 5 to allow parliament to appoint a new administration .
sigua , head of the eight-month provisional government and a former premier under ousted president zviad gamsakhurdia , had resigned on nov. 5 to allow parliament to appoint a new [people in charge] .

Designed to preserve regional languages and to promote their use in education , government , administration , the courts , the media and cultural activities , the convention defined a minority language as one `` traditionally spoken `` by a group of people `` numerically inferior `` within the population of any state .
designed to preserve regional languages and to promote their use in education , government , [people in charge] , the courts , the media and cultural activities , the convention defined a minority language as one `` traditionally spoken `` by a group of people `` numerically inferior `` within the population of any state .

His resignation , the second by a senior member of the administration within a month , followed that of Elizabeth Dole , the Secretary of Labour , and fuelled speculation of an imminent Cabinet reshuffle by President George Bush .
his resignation , the second by a senior member of the [people in charge] within a month , followed that of elizabeth dole , the secretary of labour , and fuelled speculation of an imminent cabinet reshuffle by president george bush .

Bennett , 47 , described as an `` abrasive `` conservative , had served as Education Secretary within the Reagan administration before being chosen by Bush to become the country 's first `` drugs tsar `` , a post which did not carry full Cabinet rank .
bennett , 47 , described as an `` abrasive `` conservative , had served as education secretary within the reagan [people in charge] before being chosen by bush to become the country 's first `` drugs tsar `` , a post which did not carry full cabinet rank .

He insisted that his new administration could command a majority in the country 's 38-member legislature .
he insisted that his new [people in charge] could command a majority in the country 's 38-member legislature .

He began by admitting that there was a crisis of power , but he denied that his administration was without a programme to overcome it .
he began by admitting that there was a crisis of power , but he denied that his [people in charge] was without a programme to overcome it .

Reorganizing the central administration had been the one of the ideas discussed at a meeting between Gorbachev and Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin on Nov. 11 .
reorganizing the central [people in charge] had been the one of the ideas discussed at a meeting between gorbachev and russian federation president boris yeltsin on nov. 11 .

The meeting had been called in an effort to heal the renewed rift between the two Presidents resulting from the October retreat by the central administration from radical economic reform .
the meeting had been called in an effort to heal the renewed rift between the two presidents resulting from the october retreat by the central [people in charge] from radical economic reform .

Central administration personnel changes
central [people in charge] personnel changes

They replaced district national committees ( controlled by the central administration ) with new district bureaus enjoying powers to levy local taxes , and responsible for maintaining schools , health services , roads and utilities .
they replaced district national committees ( controlled by the central [people in charge] ) with new district bureaus enjoying powers to levy local taxes , and responsible for maintaining schools , health services , roads and utilities .

Seven of its members had also been part of the previous Labour administration  Thorvald Stoltenberg , Johan Joergen Holst and Gunhold Oeyangen in identical posts , and Kjell Borgen , Finn Kristensen , Oddrun Petersen and Tove Strand Gerhardsen with different portfolios .
seven of its members had also been part of the previous labour [people in charge]  thorvald stoltenberg , johan joergen holst and gunhold oeyangen in identical posts , and kjell borgen , finn kristensen , oddrun petersen and tove strand gerhardsen with different portfolios .

Since the Norwegian constitution did not allow the early dissolution of parliament , attempts to form a new government had quickly been reduced to two options , a Conservative or a Labour minority administration .
since the norwegian constitution did not allow the early dissolution of parliament , attempts to form a new government had quickly been reduced to two options , a conservative or a labour minority [people in charge] .

The Greens , who had demanded a number of concessions on environmental policies in particular , pledged external support to the new administration in an alliance which was the first of its kind in Australia .
the greens , who had demanded a number of concessions on environmental policies in particular , pledged external support to the new [people in charge] in an alliance which was the first of its kind in australia .

On July 22 , 1990 , the two countries opened talks aimed at harmonizing such matters as legal and accounting practices , tax administration , and access to communications services .
on july 22 , 1990 , the two countries opened talks aimed at harmonizing such matters as legal and accounting practices , tax [people in charge] , and access to communications services .

Clodumar said that the government planned to invest further in Air Nauru , but that it would not re-open diplomatic missions in Hong Kong , American Samoa , Japan , Hawaii and the Cook Islands , which had been closed under the Aroi administration for reasons of economy .
clodumar said that the government planned to invest further in air nauru , but that it would not re-open diplomatic missions in hong kong , american samoa , japan , hawaii and the cook islands , which had been closed under the aroi [people in charge] for reasons of economy .

It was reported on March 25 that a French court had ordered the prosecution of Ren Bousquel who was wartime head of the Vichy administration 's national police .
it was reported on march 25 that a french court had ordered the prosecution of ren bousquel who was wartime head of the vichy [people in charge] 's national police .

The annual budget covered the church 's central administration , including departments of social , religious and diplomatic affairs as well as a daily newspaper and a radio station .
the annual budget covered the church 's central [people in charge] , including departments of social , religious and diplomatic affairs as well as a daily newspaper and a radio station .

The President had hoped that the Bongho-Nouarra administration would remain in office until elections ( due within 45 days of the Nov. 17 dissolution of the National Assembly ) .
the president had hoped that the bongho-nouarra [people in charge] would remain in office until elections ( due within 45 days of the nov. 17 dissolution of the national assembly ) .

James Woolsey , 51 , a former undersecretary of the navy in the Carter administration , was , like Clinton , a former Rhodes scholar at Oxford University .
james woolsey , 51 , a former undersecretary of the navy in the carter [people in charge] , was , like clinton , a former rhodes scholar at oxford university .

The administration of President Chamorro upheld the ruling , but the Assembly 's president , Alfredo Csar Aguirre , by contrast , rejected the judgment , claiming that the court had no right to interfere in a separate branch of government .
the [people in charge] of president chamorro upheld the ruling , but the assembly 's president , alfredo csar aguirre , by contrast , rejected the judgment , claiming that the court had no right to interfere in a separate branch of government .

Both the rump of the Takeshita faction , led by Obuchi , and the new Hata-Ozawa faction , consisting of around 44 of the Takeshita faction 's 109 Diet members , were represented within the new Miyazawa administration , but together they controlled fewer and less important portfolios than had been held by the Takeshita faction prior to the reshuffle .
both the rump of the takeshita faction , led by obuchi , and the new hata-ozawa faction , consisting of around 44 of the takeshita faction 's 109 diet members , were represented within the new miyazawa [people in charge] , but together they controlled fewer and less important portfolios than had been held by the takeshita faction prior to the reshuffle .

According to the administration 's critics , the licences , issued during 1990 and 1991 , might have violated the terms of the Pressler Amendment , under which all military assistance to Pakistan was suspended in October 1990 on the grounds that Pakistan was engaged in a nuclear weapons programme [ see p. 37764 ] .
according to the [people in charge] 's critics , the licences , issued during 1990 and 1991 , might have violated the terms of the pressler amendment , under which all military assistance to pakistan was suspended in october 1990 on the grounds that pakistan was engaged in a nuclear weapons programme [ see p. 37764 ] .

National Assembly members had criticized the budget as " consumption orientated " and as constituting a withdrawal of the state from the economy , as spending on state administration , defence and various government agencies was reduced .
national assembly members had criticized the budget as " consumption orientated " and as constituting a withdrawal of the state from the economy , as spending on state [people in charge] , defence and various government agencies was reduced .

Both the Hungarian government and environmental activists had opposed the Czechoslovak administration 's determination to proceed with the project , following Hungary 's withdrawal in 1989 [ for February developments see p. 38777 ] .
both the hungarian government and environmental activists had opposed the czechoslovak [people in charge] 's determination to proceed with the project , following hungary 's withdrawal in 1989 [ for february developments see p. 38777 ] .

Truly , a former astronaut , who had served in the post for two years [ for his appointment see p. 37437 ] , had been criticized by the Bush administration for his support for the shuttle programme , which was deemed insufficiently cost-effective when compared with rival launching systems .
truly , a former astronaut , who had served in the post for two years [ for his appointment see p. 37437 ] , had been criticized by the bush [people in charge] for his support for the shuttle programme , which was deemed insufficiently cost-effective when compared with rival launching systems .

These he identified as arrangements for the police and security services , the stationing of troops of both sides and the administration of Renamo-controlled areas in the period before elections .
these he identified as arrangements for the police and security services , the stationing of troops of both sides and the [people in charge] of renamo-controlled areas in the period before elections .

Voting had been suspended only a few hours after polling began , because of " premeditated acts of sabotage " , according to Ismaila Nimaga , Minister of Public Security and Territorial Administration .
voting had been suspended only a few hours after polling began , because of " premeditated acts of sabotage " , according to ismaila nimaga , minister of public security and territorial [people in charge] .

Neither in his speech on Oct. 16 nor subsequently did Babangida confirm whether the timetable for the end of military rule , envisaging presidential elections on Dec. 5 and the inauguration of a civilian administration on Jan. 2 , 1993 , would be met .
neither in his speech on oct. 16 nor subsequently did babangida confirm whether the timetable for the end of military rule , envisaging presidential elections on dec. 5 and the inauguration of a civilian [people in charge] on jan. 2 , 1993 , would be met .

The crime bill was opposed largely because it sought to enact a five-day waiting period for the purchase of handguns , while the education legislation , which aimed at upgrading the country 's schools , was opposed by Republicans following a congressional decision to remove an administration proposal to provide government vouchers to assist parents in sending their children to private schools .
the crime bill was opposed largely because it sought to enact a five-day waiting period for the purchase of handguns , while the education legislation , which aimed at upgrading the country 's schools , was opposed by republicans following a congressional decision to remove an [people in charge] proposal to provide government vouchers to assist parents in sending their children to private schools .

Franco promised to establish an honest administration free of corrupt officials , and to tackle high inflation and the recession .
franco promised to establish an honest [people in charge] free of corrupt officials , and to tackle high inflation and the recession .

Creation of politically neutral administration  Further defections from ruling party
creation of politically neutral [people in charge]  further defections from ruling party

Lhamsuren Enebish , a former mayor of Ulan Bator , was appointed as a Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Administration on Oct. 9 .
lhamsuren enebish , a former mayor of ulan bator , was appointed as a deputy prime minister and minister for [people in charge] on oct. 9 .

Iliescu on Oct. 19 opened talks with party leaders on the formation of a new government to succeed the caretaker administration of Theodor Stolojan .
iliescu on oct. 19 opened talks with party leaders on the formation of a new government to succeed the caretaker [people in charge] of theodor stolojan .

Leaders of the constituent republics of the Russian Federation , at a meeting with Yeltsin on Oct. 15 [ for " All-Russia conference " on Sept. 11 see p. 39108 ] , established a Council of Heads of the Republics , to be chaired by Yeltsin and with its administration headed by Yury Skokov , Security Council Secretary [ see p. 39019-20 ] .
leaders of the constituent republics of the russian federation , at a meeting with yeltsin on oct. 15 [ for " all-russia conference " on sept. 11 see p. 39108 ] , established a council of heads of the republics , to be chaired by yeltsin and with its [people in charge] headed by yury skokov , security council secretary [ see p. 39019-20 ] .

Projected spending on defence was cut by over 9 per cent in real terms , on public administration by 3.3 per cent and on foreign affairs by 1.9 per cent , with real spending increases only in the fields of health , pensions and unemployment .
projected spending on defence was cut by over 9 per cent in real terms , on public [people in charge] by 3.3 per cent and on foreign affairs by 1.9 per cent , with real spending increases only in the fields of health , pensions and unemployment .

On the following day , on returning to the White House , he promised to `` finish this job with style `` and repeated his determination to `` co-operate fully with the new administration `` .
on the following day , on returning to the white house , he promised to `` finish this job with style `` and repeated his determination to `` co-operate fully with the new [people in charge] `` .

Christopher , 67 , a former Deputy Secretary of State in the Carter administration , was charged with running day-to-day operations , while Jordan , 56 , a lawyer and civil rights expert , was given a role described as `` chairman of the board `` .
christopher , 67 , a former deputy secretary of state in the carter [people in charge] , was charged with running day-to-day operations , while jordan , 56 , a lawyer and civil rights expert , was given a role described as `` chairman of the board `` .

On Nov. 13 Clinton unveiled a new ethics code for those in his transition team which prohibited members from lobbying for the first six months of the new administration .
on nov. 13 clinton unveiled a new ethics code for those in his transition team which prohibited members from lobbying for the first six months of the new [people in charge] .

The code was the first instalment of new ethics regulations which Clinton had promised would distinguish his administration from those of his predecessors .
the code was the first instalment of new ethics regulations which clinton had promised would distinguish his [people in charge] from those of his predecessors .

He also indicated that his administration would establish an Economic Security Council , with a degree of influence similar to that enjoyed by the National Security Council , in order to improve and prioritize economic decision-making .
he also indicated that his [people in charge] would establish an economic security council , with a degree of influence similar to that enjoyed by the national security council , in order to improve and prioritize economic decision-making .

The first act of Fujimori 's self-styled national emergency and reconstruction government was on April 6 to issue " basic decrees " which formalized the dissolution of the Congress and set an agenda for constitutional reform and for the " normalization " of the administration .
the first act of fujimori 's self-styled national emergency and reconstruction government was on april 6 to issue " basic decrees " which formalized the dissolution of the congress and set an agenda for constitutional reform and for the " normalization " of the [people in charge] .

On April 9 dos Santos reshuffled his government following the resignation of the Minister of Territorial Administration , Lopo Fortunato Ferreira do Nascimento .
on april 9 dos santos reshuffled his government following the resignation of the minister of territorial [people in charge] , lopo fortunato ferreira do nascimento .

**Joseph Owana Secretary-General at the Presidency Laurent Esso Director of Civil Cabinet at the Presidency Gilbert Andze-Tsoungui Territorial Administration Edouard Akame Mfoumou Minister Delegate at the Presidency in charge of Defence Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh Foreign Affairs Douala Moutome Justice and Keeper of the Seals Justin Ndioroa Yombo Finance Moussa Tchouta Planning and Regional Development
**joseph owana secretary-general at the presidency laurent esso director of civil cabinet at the presidency gilbert andze-tsoungui territorial [people in charge] edouard akame mfoumou minister delegate at the presidency in charge of defence jacques-roger booh-booh foreign affairs douala moutome justice and keeper of the seals justin ndioroa yombo finance moussa tchouta planning and regional development

It had also been exploited by the re-election campaign team of President Bush , which had sought to portray the Democrat majority in Congress as responsible for sabotaging the Republican administration 's domestic policy initiatives .
it had also been exploited by the re-election campaign team of president bush , which had sought to portray the democrat majority in congress as responsible for sabotaging the republican [people in charge] 's domestic policy initiatives .

*Marc-Henri Rousseau Francois Public Works , Transport and Communications Jacques Baker Agriculture Evariste Midy Planning , External Co-operation , Public administration Gerarde Bissainthe Information , Co-ordination and Culture Jacquelin Montalvo Despeignes Minster without Portfolio Guy Francis Secretary for State of the Interior and National Defence
*marc-henri rousseau francois public works , transport and communications jacques baker agriculture evariste midy planning , external co-operation , public [people in charge] gerarde bissainthe information , co-ordination and culture jacquelin montalvo despeignes minster without portfolio guy francis secretary for state of the interior and national defence

According to the Bush administration , the war was estimated to have cost about $50,000 million , most of which was expected to be offset by contributions of $36,000 million made recently by Japan , Saudi Arabia and Kuwait .
according to the bush [people in charge] , the war was estimated to have cost about $50,000 million , most of which was expected to be offset by contributions of $36,000 million made recently by japan , saudi arabia and kuwait .

According to the administration 's budget proposals , the budget deficit would reach a record $318,100 million in fiscal 1991 but drop to $280,900 million in fiscal 1992 , based on an estimated 5.7 per cent rise in revenues to $1,165,000 million .
according to the [people in charge] 's budget proposals , the budget deficit would reach a record $318,100 million in fiscal 1991 but drop to $280,900 million in fiscal 1992 , based on an estimated 5.7 per cent rise in revenues to $1,165,000 million .

The administration 's `` empowerment `` agenda was intended to help low-income families with home ownership , to encourage parental `` choice `` in education and to increase the `` choice `` of poor families in such areas as child care and child health insurance .
the [people in charge] 's `` empowerment `` agenda was intended to help low-income families with home ownership , to encourage parental `` choice `` in education and to increase the `` choice `` of poor families in such areas as child care and child health insurance .

On education , a $ 6,200 million remedial education programme was the centre of the administration 's request .
on education , a $ 6,200 million remedial education programme was the centre of the [people in charge] 's request .

On Feb. 28 she joined the Supreme Council 's economic commission , although there were suggestions that she intended to stand in opposition to the administration of President Vytautas Landsbergis .
on feb. 28 she joined the supreme council 's economic commission , although there were suggestions that she intended to stand in opposition to the [people in charge] of president vytautas landsbergis .

He complained of increased media attacks on him by the Moldavian Communist Party under its new first secretary Grigory Yeremey [ for whose appointment see above ] , featuring allegations that his administration was failing to protect party property ; of `` back-stage scheming `` against him in Moldavia 's Supreme Soviet ; and of his inability to work with republican Prime Minister Mircha Druk .
he complained of increased media attacks on him by the moldavian communist party under its new first secretary grigory yeremey [ for whose appointment see above ] , featuring allegations that his [people in charge] was failing to protect party property ; of `` back-stage scheming `` against him in moldavia 's supreme soviet ; and of his inability to work with republican prime minister mircha druk .

Other principal ministers : Florentin Feliho ( Interior , Public Security and Territorial Administration ) ; Paul Dossou ( Plan and Statistics ) ; Thophile Natta ( Foreign Affairs and Co-operation ) ; Idelphonse Lemon ( Finance ) ; Paulin Hountondji ( National Education ) .
other principal ministers : florentin feliho ( interior , public security and territorial [people in charge] ) ; paul dossou ( plan and statistics ) ; thophile natta ( foreign affairs and co-operation ) ; idelphonse lemon ( finance ) ; paulin hountondji ( national education ) .

Principal ministers : Edouard Akame Mfoumou ( Defence ) ; Gilbert Andze Tsoungui ( Territorial Administration ) ; Yaou Aissatou ( Social Affairs and Women 's Affairs ) ; John Niba Ngu ( Agriculture ) ; Ogork Ebot Ntui ( Minister at the Presidency in Charge of Special Missions ) ; Ren Owona ( Industrial and Commercial Development and Trade ) ; Simon Bassilekin ( Finance ) .
principal ministers : edouard akame mfoumou ( defence ) ; gilbert andze tsoungui ( territorial [people in charge] ) ; yaou aissatou ( social affairs and women 's affairs ) ; john niba ngu ( agriculture ) ; ogork ebot ntui ( minister at the presidency in charge of special missions ) ; ren owona ( industrial and commercial development and trade ) ; simon bassilekin ( finance ) .

Other principal ministers : Lt.-Gen. Alberto Joaquim Chipande ( Defence ) ; Lt.-Gen. Antnio Hama Thai ( Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces , Deputy Minister of Defence ) ; Pascoal Mocumbi ( Foreign ) ; Maj.-Gen. Jacinto Soares Veloso ( International Co-operation ) ; Mariano Matsinhe ( Security ) ; Manuel Antni ( Interior ) ; Abdul Magid Osman ( Finance ) ; Ossmane Ali Dauto ( Justice ) ; Alexandre Jos Zandamela ( Agriculture ) ; Joao Kachamila ( Mineral Resources ) ; Manuel Antnio ( State Administration ) ; Antnio Jos Lima Rodrigues Branco ( Industry and Energy ) ; Lt.-Gen Armando Guebuza ( Transport and Communications , leader of government delegation in recent talks with rebels ) .
other principal ministers : lt.-gen. alberto joaquim chipande ( defence ) ; lt.-gen. antnio hama thai ( chief of general staff of the armed forces , deputy minister of defence ) ; pascoal mocumbi ( foreign ) ; maj.-gen. jacinto soares veloso ( international co-operation ) ; mariano matsinhe ( security ) ; manuel antni ( interior ) ; abdul magid osman ( finance ) ; ossmane ali dauto ( justice ) ; alexandre jos zandamela ( agriculture ) ; joao kachamila ( mineral resources ) ; manuel antnio ( state [people in charge] ) ; antnio jos lima rodrigues branco ( industry and energy ) ; lt.-gen armando guebuza ( transport and communications , leader of government delegation in recent talks with rebels ) .

Other principal ministers ( with the title of State Commissioner ) : Engulu Baanga Mpongo Bakokele-Lokonga ( Deputy First State Commissioner , Territorial Administration and Decentralization ) ; Selemani Muana Yile ( Deputy First State Commissioner ; Economy , Industry and Commerce ) ; Mushobekwa Kalimba Wa Katana ( Foreign Affairs ) ; Adml. Mavua Mudima ( National Defence , Territorial Security and Veterans ' Affairs ) ; Muyabu Nkulu ( Justice ) ; Bompito Botomba ( Finance ) .
other principal ministers ( with the title of state commissioner ) : engulu baanga mpongo bakokele-lokonga ( deputy first state commissioner , territorial [people in charge] and decentralization ) ; selemani muana yile ( deputy first state commissioner ; economy , industry and commerce ) ; mushobekwa kalimba wa katana ( foreign affairs ) ; adml. mavua mudima ( national defence , territorial security and veterans ' affairs ) ; muyabu nkulu ( justice ) ; bompito botomba ( finance ) .

The victory of supporters of Rafsanjani 's `` moderate `` administration in the October elections for the Assembly of Experts [ see above ] , coinciding as it did with higher oil revenues and regional political developments as a result of the Gulf crisis , worked to strengthen the administration and effectively silence the Islamic regime 's `` radical `` wing suspicious of internal reforms and of economic and political opening to the West .
the victory of supporters of rafsanjani 's `` moderate `` [people in charge] in the october elections for the assembly of experts [ see above ] , coinciding as it did with higher oil revenues and regional political developments as a result of the gulf crisis , worked to strengthen the [people in charge] and effectively silence the islamic regime 's `` radical `` wing suspicious of internal reforms and of economic and political opening to the west .

Rational planning was to be achieved by unifying health services , which were at that time split between local authorities , the boards of governors of teaching hospitals , a regional and local administration responsible for other hospitals and the executive councils who administered the contracts for general practitioners ( see Figure 1.1 ) .
rational planning was to be achieved by unifying health services , which were at that time split between local authorities , the boards of governors of teaching hospitals , a regional and local [people in charge] responsible for other hospitals and the executive councils who administered the contracts for general practitioners ( see figure 1.1 ) .

Ministers believed the Commission would recommend 40-50 local authorities , hence the possibility of creating a matching 40-50 area health boards as a single tier of health service administration .
ministers believed the commission would recommend 40-50 local authorities , hence the possibility of creating a matching 40-50 area health boards as a single tier of health service [people in charge] .

But 90 was thought to be too many to be easily controlled from the centre , which meant retaining the existing tier of regional administration as an executive arm of government , while the variation in population size was tackled by creating a third tier of management in large areas : the district .
but 90 was thought to be too many to be easily controlled from the centre , which meant retaining the existing tier of regional [people in charge] as an executive arm of government , while the variation in population size was tackled by creating a third tier of management in large areas : the district .

There was a great deal of anger and frustration at what many regard as a seriously over-elaborate system of government , administration and decision-making .
there was a great deal of anger and frustration at what many regard as a seriously over-elaborate system of government , [people in charge] and decision-making .

By privileging medicine in the administration of the new service , separating hospitals from local authority responsibilities for prevention and after care , and leaving the power and independence of the teaching hospitals intact , Bevan created a medical service not a health service .
by privileging medicine in the [people in charge] of the new service , separating hospitals from local authority responsibilities for prevention and after care , and leaving the power and independence of the teaching hospitals intact , bevan created a medical service not a health service .

Some analysts ( for example , Hoggett 1987 ) have assumed an almost automatic convergence between post-Fordist developments in production and similar developments in welfare , public administration and politics .
some analysts ( for example , hoggett 1987 ) have assumed an almost automatic convergence between post-fordist developments in production and similar developments in welfare , public [people in charge] and politics .

The wide-ranging changes which the Conservatives introduced into public administration in the 1980s placed great emphasis on changing the culture of government agencies to effect improvements in performance .
the wide-ranging changes which the conservatives introduced into public [people in charge] in the 1980s placed great emphasis on changing the culture of government agencies to effect improvements in performance .

Essentially this was administration not management , concerned with maintaining stability and the status quo rather than achieving change , with process rather than action and results .
essentially this was [people in charge] not management , concerned with maintaining stability and the status quo rather than achieving change , with process rather than action and results .

The first has emerged largely from the traditional study of public administration and argues that transposing a model of management developed in the private sector will fail because public sector management is distinctive ( see for example Elcock 1991 ; Pollitt 1991 ; Stewart and Ranson 1988 ; Flynn 1990 ) .
the first has emerged largely from the traditional study of public [people in charge] and argues that transposing a model of management developed in the private sector will fail because public sector management is distinctive ( see for example elcock 1991 ; pollitt 1991 ; stewart and ranson 1988 ; flynn 1990 ) .

Similarly Roy Griffiths was right when he pointed out that many management tasks are the same in any organisation and some of the differences that the public administration camp stress can be overcome .
similarly roy griffiths was right when he pointed out that many management tasks are the same in any organisation and some of the differences that the public [people in charge] camp stress can be overcome .

Traditional administration has been supplanted by active management with its focus on results rather than process and year-on-year improvements in performance .
traditional [people in charge] has been supplanted by active management with its focus on results rather than process and year-on-year improvements in performance .

However , administration of the scheme is costly in terms of time and it seems unlikely that it would be feasible to operate it on a large scale . Evidence so far suggests , though , that it is proving its value , both for the individuals concerned and also means of making links with employers which could develop into other areas such as project work , secondments etc ..
however , [people in charge] of the scheme is costly in terms of time and it seems unlikely that it would be feasible to operate it on a large scale . evidence so far suggests , though , that it is proving its value , both for the individuals concerned and also means of making links with employers which could develop into other areas such as project work , secondments etc ..

The next important date in real property chronology is 1925 which saw the enactment of the Law of Property Act , the Settled Land Act , the Trustee Act , the Administration of Estates Act , the Land Registration Act and the Land Charges Act ( the latter amended and re-enacted in 1972 ) .
the next important date in real property chronology is 1925 which saw the enactment of the law of property act , the settled land act , the trustee act , the [people in charge] of estates act , the land registration act and the land charges act ( the latter amended and re-enacted in 1972 ) .

The systems also offer cost efficiencies in terms of easier administration and cheaper maintenance .
the systems also offer cost efficiencies in terms of easier [people in charge] and cheaper maintenance .

This maintenance service is normally provided under contract by specialist lift maintenance companies and the extent of the service provided is determined by the mutual requirements of the building and the building administration .
this maintenance service is normally provided under contract by specialist lift maintenance companies and the extent of the service provided is determined by the mutual requirements of the building and the building [people in charge] .

In addition to the usual administration and operational needs of any building , hotels have some very important and significant differences .
in addition to the usual [people in charge] and operational needs of any building , hotels have some very important and significant differences .

Certain work that was carried out involved noisy operations and the programme was carefully coordinated with the hotel administration to minimise disruption and inconvenience .
certain work that was carried out involved noisy operations and the programme was carefully coordinated with the hotel [people in charge] to minimise disruption and inconvenience .

Priority for training : when an investor opens a franchise , he is given the opportunity to acquire specialist skills through a training course covering all aspects of the business from personnel management to administration and from procurement to marketing .
priority for training : when an investor opens a franchise , he is given the opportunity to acquire specialist skills through a training course covering all aspects of the business from personnel management to [people in charge] and from procurement to marketing .

At the least , Swegen 's victories are likely to have owed something not only to his doubtless considerable abilities as a commander , but also to an administration capable of utilising resources effectively and controlling the country in his absence .
at the least , swegen 's victories are likely to have owed something not only to his doubtless considerable abilities as a commander , but also to an [people in charge] capable of utilising resources effectively and controlling the country in his absence .

At regular shire and hundred meetings royal orders were implemented and local affairs , including the administration of justice , transacted .
at regular shire and hundred meetings royal orders were implemented and local affairs , including the [people in charge] of justice , transacted .

So when Wulfstan 's texts mention secular affairs it should be remembered that they may not fully reflect the decisions of the meeting which heard them preached , nor are they likely to reveal aspects of royal administration of which churchmen disapproved .
so when wulfstan 's texts mention secular affairs it should be remembered that they may not fully reflect the decisions of the meeting which heard them preached , nor are they likely to reveal aspects of royal [people in charge] of which churchmen disapproved .

That the similar material produced under thelred may reflect badly , rather than well , upon his administration is a conclusion that could be applied to Cnut too .
that the similar material produced under thelred may reflect badly , rather than well , upon his [people in charge] is a conclusion that could be applied to cnut too .

Wherever responsibility for the mistakes lay  and it lay with Churchill and the British as much as with the Free French  the failure was a colossal humiliation for de Gaulle , because it showed an imperial administration utterly loyal to Vichy and more than capable of repelling the Free French .
wherever responsibility for the mistakes lay  and it lay with churchill and the british as much as with the free french  the failure was a colossal humiliation for de gaulle , because it showed an imperial [people in charge] utterly loyal to vichy and more than capable of repelling the free french .

After the British had signed an armistice with the Vichy administration , a number of Gaullist `` explosions `` ( the most celebrated of which was a stormy interview between de Gaulle and the British minister of state in Cairo , Oliver Lyttelton ) forced a modification of the armistice terms so as to accommodate the General 's objections .
after the british had signed an armistice with the vichy [people in charge] , a number of gaullist `` explosions `` ( the most celebrated of which was a stormy interview between de gaulle and the british minister of state in cairo , oliver lyttelton ) forced a modification of the armistice terms so as to accommodate the general 's objections .

The major unresolved issue for the General now was the pace of the liberation and the transition to Gaullist administration .
the major unresolved issue for the general now was the pace of the liberation and the transition to gaullist [people in charge] .

Worse still , from a Gaullist perspective , the Potsdam conference moved in the direction of a centralized administration for Germany .
worse still , from a gaullist perspective , the potsdam conference moved in the direction of a centralized [people in charge] for germany .

Effects ( a ) would result from reductions in the cost of frontier formalities , that is delays at frontiers and administration costs of dealing with customs forms .
effects ( a ) would result from reductions in the cost of frontier formalities , that is delays at frontiers and [people in charge] costs of dealing with customs forms .

business administration
business [people in charge]

 Our one-year business administration programme , which was introduced last year , is run for a mixed age group .
 our one-year business [people in charge] programme , which was introduced last year , is run for a mixed age group .

Some of the group are aiming for further education in business administration , or in other areas such as leisure and tourism .
some of the group are aiming for further education in business [people in charge] , or in other areas such as leisure and tourism .

Business administration
business [people in charge]

Consideration is being given to the addition of extra modules to the general SVQs in business administration , hospitality , and leisure and tourism .
consideration is being given to the addition of extra modules to the general svqs in business [people in charge] , hospitality , and leisure and tourism .

We had a head start as far as integration is concerned , because last year we offered a business administration  fast track  access course which involved a lot of integrated teaching and assessment .
we had a head start as far as integration is concerned , because last year we offered a business [people in charge]  fast track  access course which involved a lot of integrated teaching and assessment .

Also on section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 , and the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules 1988 , came into force .
also on section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 , and the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules 1988 , came into force .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an [people in charge] order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

 recognised body  has the meaning given in section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 ;
 recognised body  has the meaning given in section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 ;

When bringing Section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 into force on the Lord Chancellor also made the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practices Order .
when bringing section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 into force on the lord chancellor also made the solicitors ' incorporated practices order .

The Administration of Justice Act itself makes amendments to some legislation referring to solicitors .
the [people in charge] of justice act itself makes amendments to some legislation referring to solicitors .

( d ) where a winding-up or administration order is made or where a resolution for voluntary winding-up is passed or where an administrative receiver is appointed .
( d ) where a winding-up or [people in charge] order is made or where a resolution for voluntary winding-up is passed or where an administrative receiver is appointed .

( 1 ) ( a )  the Act  means that Administration of Justice Act 1985 ;
( 1 ) ( a )  the act  means that [people in charge] of justice act 1985 ;

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an [people in charge] order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

These Rules shall come into force on the coming into force of section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 .
these rules shall come into force on the coming into force of section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 .

In this deed any reference to a provision of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .
in this deed any reference to a provision of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .

In this deed any reference to a provision of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .
in this deed any reference to a provision of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .

This article is written in the context of Section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 being brought into force enabling solicitors ' practices to incorporate in accordance with the Incorporation Rules approved by the Master of the Rolls .
this article is written in the context of section 9 of the [people in charge] of justice act 1985 being brought into force enabling solicitors ' practices to incorporate in accordance with the incorporation rules approved by the master of the rolls .

In part this was a reflection of the great strain on small financial resources which building , maintaining and perhaps in time enlarging workhouses imposed , but it also reflected the greater difficulty in an effective and controlled administration of out-relief in the more anonymous and densely populated towns .
in part this was a reflection of the great strain on small financial resources which building , maintaining and perhaps in time enlarging workhouses imposed , but it also reflected the greater difficulty in an effective and controlled [people in charge] of out-relief in the more anonymous and densely populated towns .

In Whelan Associates Inc. v Jaslow Dental Laboratory Inc. [ 1987 ] , the programs being compared were designed to assist with the administration of dental laboratories .
in whelan associates inc. v jaslow dental laboratory inc. [ 1987 ] , the programs being compared were designed to assist with the [people in charge] of dental laboratories .

The work of this department covers ; the statutory regulations of the Association , the elections to Council , the administration for Council , Executive Committee ( and its working parties ) and the Board of Fellows , Hospitality , the Reference Book , the library and information office , advising members on employment and personnel issues , branch and overseas groups .
the work of this department covers ; the statutory regulations of the association , the elections to council , the [people in charge] for council , executive committee ( and its working parties ) and the board of fellows , hospitality , the reference book , the library and information office , advising members on employment and personnel issues , branch and overseas groups .

The administration and promotion of the externally operated membership services are also undertaken by this department . These include :
the [people in charge] and promotion of the externally operated membership services are also undertaken by this department . these include :

Finance and administration office
finance and [people in charge] office

The work of this department covers the implementation of decisions by Council on all matters of finance , investments , general financial matters and salaries , the collecting of subscriptions , maintenance of all membership records and the processing of applications for membership ( other than students ) and upgrading and administration of the offices at Trinity Road .
the work of this department covers the implementation of decisions by council on all matters of finance , investments , general financial matters and salaries , the collecting of subscriptions , maintenance of all membership records and the processing of applications for membership ( other than students ) and upgrading and [people in charge] of the offices at trinity road .

( college liaison officer ) is involved with liaising with centres in matters relating to programme development and the administration of the moderation system and processing of results .
( college liaison officer ) is involved with liaising with centres in matters relating to programme development and the [people in charge] of the moderation system and processing of results .

Storerooms and administration
storerooms and [people in charge]

The purser 's Department is responsible for the accommodation aboard ship , passenger comfort and the ship 's administration .
the purser 's department is responsible for the accommodation aboard ship , passenger comfort and the ship 's [people in charge] .

It was pointed out that if we switched back to dual membership the administration involved would be horrendous .
it was pointed out that if we switched back to dual membership the [people in charge] involved would be horrendous .

In view of the late notification by the Sports Council advising that our grant for the current year would be out by 7000 the Society 's Steering Group felt we should all make a concerted effort to raise this amount so that all schemes and administration could continue as planned for 1988 .
in view of the late notification by the sports council advising that our grant for the current year would be out by 7000 the society 's steering group felt we should all make a concerted effort to raise this amount so that all schemes and [people in charge] could continue as planned for 1988 .

To remind you briefly about this decision  it was felt that at a time when the Society was under considerable pressure , not only to up-date its training structure but also to streamline administration , a Professional Affiliation Fee would benefit everyone .
to remind you briefly about this decision  it was felt that at a time when the society was under considerable pressure , not only to up-date its training structure but also to streamline [people in charge] , a professional affiliation fee would benefit everyone .

Prior to the discussion and in order to put matters in perspective , Janet Rogers presented a detailed breakdown of expenditure and income for both administration and training .
prior to the discussion and in order to put matters in perspective , janet rogers presented a detailed breakdown of expenditure and income for both [people in charge] and training .

He was in Spain as a consul in 195 to lay the foundations of the Roman administration .
he was in spain as a consul in 195 to lay the foundations of the roman [people in charge] .

Ras Makonnen governed Harar until his death in 1906 and there his son Tafari was born and grew up under the enlightened administration of his eminent father ; he was thirteen when his father died .
ras makonnen governed harar until his death in 1906 and there his son tafari was born and grew up under the enlightened [people in charge] of his eminent father ; he was thirteen when his father died .

This would have conflicted with Haile Selassie 's intention of curtailing the power of the feudal Rases and centralizing the administration .
this would have conflicted with haile selassie 's intention of curtailing the power of the feudal rases and centralizing the [people in charge] .

They were eminently suited to the work and knew their ship and its equipment well enough to keep things going which also suited the administration at Headquarters .
they were eminently suited to the work and knew their ship and its equipment well enough to keep things going which also suited the [people in charge] at headquarters .

But however professional we may have considered ourselves as seamen , our administration never allowed us to forget that first and foremost we were customs officers .
but however professional we may have considered ourselves as seamen , our [people in charge] never allowed us to forget that first and foremost we were customs officers .

We could not claim all the credit for this as our administration was coming to grips with the situation ashore .
we could not claim all the credit for this as our [people in charge] was coming to grips with the situation ashore .

For various reasons the main one of which was a lack of understanding of our problems , our local administration were often unsympathetic and went so far as to accuse us of non co-operation at times , especially in the matter of rest days .
for various reasons the main one of which was a lack of understanding of our problems , our local [people in charge] were often unsympathetic and went so far as to accuse us of non co-operation at times , especially in the matter of rest days .

Fluticasone propionate is a potent topically active fluorinated corticosteroid with low systemic bioavailability after oral administration , partly because of malabsorption , and partly because of extensive first pass metabolism .
fluticasone propionate is a potent topically active fluorinated corticosteroid with low systemic bioavailability after oral [people in charge] , partly because of malabsorption , and partly because of extensive first pass metabolism .

This is why it can be performed on an outpatient basis , without administration of analgesic or sedative medication and this represents an important clinical advantage over the electrohydraulic technique of shock wave generation .
this is why it can be performed on an outpatient basis , without [people in charge] of analgesic or sedative medication and this represents an important clinical advantage over the electrohydraulic technique of shock wave generation .

After oral administration , mesalazine is extensively acetylated such that N-acetyl-5-ASA is the predominant form found in both plasma and urine .
after oral [people in charge] , mesalazine is extensively acetylated such that n-acetyl-5-asa is the predominant form found in both plasma and urine .

Experimental ethanol administration results in increased fragility of pancreatic lysosomes and the simultaneous accumulation of cholesteryl esters in the pancrease .
experimental ethanol [people in charge] results in increased fragility of pancreatic lysosomes and the simultaneous accumulation of cholesteryl esters in the pancrease .

Chronic ethanol administration to rodents has been shown to increase the cholesteryl ester content and to decrease the microviscosity of hepatic plasma membranes .
chronic ethanol [people in charge] to rodents has been shown to increase the cholesteryl ester content and to decrease the microviscosity of hepatic plasma membranes .

Chronic nicotine administration to rats in a dose equivalent to a daily consumption of 1015 ciragettes a day produced a significant increase in basal gastric secretion .
chronic nicotine [people in charge] to rats in a dose equivalent to a daily consumption of 1015 ciragettes a day produced a significant increase in basal gastric secretion .

Timing of ursodeoxycholic acid dose  The low dose ursodeoxycholic acid was given as a single bedtime dose because of the reported superiority of this timing of administration for reducing biliary cholesterol supersaturation .
timing of ursodeoxycholic acid dose  the low dose ursodeoxycholic acid was given as a single bedtime dose because of the reported superiority of this timing of [people in charge] for reducing biliary cholesterol supersaturation .

Administration of indomethacin caused no decrease in the glucose induced insulin release in our preparation confirming previous studies .
[people in charge] of indomethacin caused no decrease in the glucose induced insulin release in our preparation confirming previous studies .

The total area of gastric erosions and concentration of lipif peroxidesin the gastric mucosa increased with time after administration of indomethacin ( 20 mg/kg orally ) .
the total area of gastric erosions and concentration of lipif peroxidesin the gastric mucosa increased with time after [people in charge] of indomethacin ( 20 mg/kg orally ) .

The -tocopherol : total cholesterol ratio in serum was significantly decreased and the activity of glutathione peroxidase , an important enzyme to scavenger of lipid peroxides , was inhibited by the administration of indomethacin .
the -tocopherol : total cholesterol ratio in serum was significantly decreased and the activity of glutathione peroxidase , an important enzyme to scavenger of lipid peroxides , was inhibited by the [people in charge] of indomethacin .

The present study was undertaken in rats to measure changes in lipid peroxides and antioxidants in serum samples and gastric mucosa after administration of indomethacin .
the present study was undertaken in rats to measure changes in lipid peroxides and antioxidants in serum samples and gastric mucosa after [people in charge] of indomethacin .

Groups of indomethacin treated rats were killed three or six hours after administration of indomethacin .
groups of indomethacin treated rats were killed three or six hours after [people in charge] of indomethacin .

Gastric haemorrhagic erosions increased with time after administration of indomethacin .
gastric haemorrhagic erosions increased with time after [people in charge] of indomethacin .

The total area of erosions at three hours and six hours after the administration was 12.6 ( 3.5 ) mm and 23.2 ( 3.2 ) mm respectively ( fig 1 ) .
the total area of erosions at three hours and six hours after the [people in charge] was 12.6 ( 3.5 ) mm and 23.2 ( 3.2 ) mm respectively ( fig 1 ) .

The mean ( sem ) of the total area of gastric haemorrhagic erosions in control animals receiving subcutaneous physiological saline was 26.8 ( 4.5 ) mm at six hours after indomethacin administration .
the mean ( sem ) of the total area of gastric haemorrhagic erosions in control animals receiving subcutaneous physiological saline was 26.8 ( 4.5 ) mm at six hours after indomethacin [people in charge] .

Recently an open pilot study showed that fluticasone proprionate , a topically active corticosteroid of low systemic bioavailability after oral administration , helped patients with mild to moderately active Crohn 's disease .
recently an open pilot study showed that fluticasone proprionate , a topically active corticosteroid of low systemic bioavailability after oral [people in charge] , helped patients with mild to moderately active crohn 's disease .

Abnormality of the electrical control activity has been shown to occur in association with motion sickness , in patients with idiopathic gastroparesis , unexplained nausea and vomiting , and anorexia nervosa , and in response to vagotomy and to administration of glucagon .
abnormality of the electrical control activity has been shown to occur in association with motion sickness , in patients with idiopathic gastroparesis , unexplained nausea and vomiting , and anorexia nervosa , and in response to vagotomy and to [people in charge] of glucagon .

Administration of bFGF ( 3300 g/kg/day ) by an intragastric or an intraperitoneal route or sucralfate ( 400 mg/kg/day ) orally to rats with acetic acid induced gastric ulcers , enhanced the healing rate of these ulcers during seven day treatment in a dose dependent manner .
[people in charge] of bfgf ( 3300 g/kg/day ) by an intragastric or an intraperitoneal route or sucralfate ( 400 mg/kg/day ) orally to rats with acetic acid induced gastric ulcers , enhanced the healing rate of these ulcers during seven day treatment in a dose dependent manner .

The administration of bFGF ( 100 g/kg ) directly into the stomach also failed to significantly alter gastric acid or pepsin secretion and these results have not been included .
the [people in charge] of bfgf ( 100 g/kg ) directly into the stomach also failed to significantly alter gastric acid or pepsin secretion and these results have not been included .

After exposure of the mucosa to 100 % ethanol , this was reduced by about 65 % and the reduction was not significantly altered by the administration of bFGF .
after exposure of the mucosa to 100 % ethanol , this was reduced by about 65 % and the reduction was not significantly altered by the [people in charge] of bfgf .

Administration of sodium bicarbonate while reducing faecal fat excretion was not associated with a reduction in faecal bile acid losses and in vitro studies have failed to show an inhibitory effect of unhydrolysed triglycerides on ileal bile acid absorption .
[people in charge] of sodium bicarbonate while reducing faecal fat excretion was not associated with a reduction in faecal bile acid losses and in vitro studies have failed to show an inhibitory effect of unhydrolysed triglycerides on ileal bile acid absorption .

Plasma concentrations of loperamide after oral administration of loperamide-oxide are twofold lower than the equivalent oral doses of loperamide , resulting in a twofold increase in the already high safety margin of loperamide .
plasma concentrations of loperamide after oral [people in charge] of loperamide-oxide are twofold lower than the equivalent oral doses of loperamide , resulting in a twofold increase in the already high safety margin of loperamide .

It was based on costs of medical and nursing staff , depreciation of equipment , and the expenses of consumables , administration , and overheads .
it was based on costs of medical and nursing staff , depreciation of equipment , and the expenses of consumables , [people in charge] , and overheads .

Serum bismuth concentration was measured initially and after two and four weeks with samples taken 12 to 16 hours after enema administration .
serum bismuth concentration was measured initially and after two and four weeks with samples taken 12 to 16 hours after enema [people in charge] .

With reference to the available published works , it was assumed that  sinister  electrocardiographic abnormalities , as defined above , would occur in 20 % of patients , and that supplemental oxygen administration would decrease this figure to 10 % .
with reference to the available published works , it was assumed that  sinister  electrocardiographic abnormalities , as defined above , would occur in 20 % of patients , and that supplemental oxygen [people in charge] would decrease this figure to 10 % .

This would imply that if supplemental oxygen is given its administration ought to be extended into the postgastroscopy period .
this would imply that if supplemental oxygen is given its [people in charge] ought to be extended into the postgastroscopy period .

We determined tissue type plasminogen activator activity in the regional blood sample and the concentration of platelet activating factor in the gastric mucosa after the administration of endothelin-1 in a range of 50500 pmol/ kg into the left gastric artery of male Wistar rats .
we determined tissue type plasminogen activator activity in the regional blood sample and the concentration of platelet activating factor in the gastric mucosa after the [people in charge] of endothelin-1 in a range of 50500 pmol/ kg into the left gastric artery of male wistar rats .

The level of platelet activating factor in the rat gastric mucosa was determined after the administration of endothelin-1 using a radioimmunoassay method .
the level of platelet activating factor in the rat gastric mucosa was determined after the [people in charge] of endothelin-1 using a radioimmunoassay method .

Before the administration of endothelin-1 ( 500 pmol/kg ) , the activity of tissue type plasminogen activator in regional blood sample of stomach was 2.5 ( 1.5 ) IU/ml .
before the [people in charge] of endothelin-1 ( 500 pmol/kg ) , the activity of tissue type plasminogen activator in regional blood sample of stomach was 2.5 ( 1.5 ) iu/ml .

To investigate one of the mechanisms by which the tissue type plasminogen activator activity in regional blood increased , the platelet activating factor content of the gastric mucosa were measured before , five , and 30 minutes after the administration of endothelin-1 ( 500 pmol/kg ) .
to investigate one of the mechanisms by which the tissue type plasminogen activator activity in regional blood increased , the platelet activating factor content of the gastric mucosa were measured before , five , and 30 minutes after the [people in charge] of endothelin-1 ( 500 pmol/kg ) .

In addition , as shown in the Table and Figure 2 , the regional tissue type plasminogen activator activity significantly increased before the development of mucosal damage and was proportional to the area of mucosal lesion at 30 minutes after the administration of endothelin-1 .
in addition , as shown in the table and figure 2 , the regional tissue type plasminogen activator activity significantly increased before the development of mucosal damage and was proportional to the area of mucosal lesion at 30 minutes after the [people in charge] of endothelin-1 .

Enteral administration of terra fullonica and kaolin , but not of charcoal , significantly reduced systemic endotoxaemia ( terra fullonica 4.2 ( 1.40 ) pg/ml ; kaolin 5.29 ( 1.86 ) pg/ml ; charcoal 32.7 ( 16.6 ) pg/ml ; water 39.8 ( 12.6 ) pg/ml ) .
enteral [people in charge] of terra fullonica and kaolin , but not of charcoal , significantly reduced systemic endotoxaemia ( terra fullonica 4.2 ( 1.40 ) pg/ml ; kaolin 5.29 ( 1.86 ) pg/ml ; charcoal 32.7 ( 16.6 ) pg/ml ; water 39.8 ( 12.6 ) pg/ml ) .

Enteral administration of adosrbents , if effective in inflammatory bowel disease , would represent a less invasive and a safer form of therapy than those previously used .
enteral [people in charge] of adosrbents , if effective in inflammatory bowel disease , would represent a less invasive and a safer form of therapy than those previously used .

As the colonic damage exceeded 6 on the colon macroscopic score , enteral administration of terra fullonica became less effective as an antiendotoxin measure ( colon macroscopic score 6 , endotoxin conc 4.9 ( 1.4 ) ; colon macroscopic score > 6 , endotoxin conc 35.9 ( 13.3 ) : p < 0.05 Mann Whitney ) .
as the colonic damage exceeded 6 on the colon macroscopic score , enteral [people in charge] of terra fullonica became less effective as an antiendotoxin measure ( colon macroscopic score 6 , endotoxin conc 4.9 ( 1.4 ) ; colon macroscopic score > 6 , endotoxin conc 35.9 ( 13.3 ) : p < 0.05 mann whitney ) .

Induction of colitis , by the intracolonic instillation of trinitro benzene sulphonic acid/ ethanol , acetic acid , or ethanol or by the oral administration of carrageenan is associated with systemic endotoxaemia .
induction of colitis , by the intracolonic instillation of trinitro benzene sulphonic acid/ ethanol , acetic acid , or ethanol or by the oral [people in charge] of carrageenan is associated with systemic endotoxaemia .

The enteral administration of kaolin and terra fullonica produced a significant reduction in systemic endotoxaemia compared with the disease control group ( water ) in this experimental model of colitis .
the enteral [people in charge] of kaolin and terra fullonica produced a significant reduction in systemic endotoxaemia compared with the disease control group ( water ) in this experimental model of colitis .

Enteral administration of kaolin in combination with kanamycin has also bee shown to be effective in the prevention of endotoxaemia caused by heat stress and intestinal ischaemia in primates .
enteral [people in charge] of kaolin in combination with kanamycin has also bee shown to be effective in the prevention of endotoxaemia caused by heat stress and intestinal ischaemia in primates .

The enteral administration of terra fullonica shifted the curve of spillover endotoxaemia seen in disease controls to the right ( Figure ) .
the enteral [people in charge] of terra fullonica shifted the curve of spillover endotoxaemia seen in disease controls to the right ( figure ) .

In the control group , 18 % of patients required intervention varying from verbal encouragement to breathe , to the administration of oxygen .
in the control group , 18 % of patients required intervention varying from verbal encouragement to breathe , to the [people in charge] of oxygen .

Earlier studies with cholera toxin in man revealed an increase in stool frequency and volume , and intestinal secretion after administration of various preparations of cholera toxin .
earlier studies with cholera toxin in man revealed an increase in stool frequency and volume , and intestinal secretion after [people in charge] of various preparations of cholera toxin .

The aims of the present study were to characterise the dose response relationship for cholera toxin after intrajejunal administration , to develop a standardised model of intestinal secretion using an intestinal perfusion technique , and to expand our information on the action of cholera toxin on the human jejunum .
the aims of the present study were to characterise the dose response relationship for cholera toxin after intrajejunal [people in charge] , to develop a standardised model of intestinal secretion using an intestinal perfusion technique , and to expand our information on the action of cholera toxin on the human jejunum .

The first changes of net water and ion transport were observed after the second or third hour after administration of cholera toxin .
the first changes of net water and ion transport were observed after the second or third hour after [people in charge] of cholera toxin .

Such a lack of correlation was also observed by Levin after oral administration of 5 g purified cholera toxin to healthy volunteers .
such a lack of correlation was also observed by levin after oral [people in charge] of 5 g purified cholera toxin to healthy volunteers .

In our experiments the secretory effect of cholera toxin began in the second hour after administration of the toxin .
in our experiments the secretory effect of cholera toxin began in the second hour after [people in charge] of the toxin .

Carpenter assumed that increased fluid secretion began shortly after toxin administration but that net fluid production was not observed until the rate of secretion exceeded the rate of absorption .
carpenter assumed that increased fluid secretion began shortly after toxin [people in charge] but that net fluid production was not observed until the rate of secretion exceeded the rate of absorption .

Pancreatic acinar cell kinetics can be estimated by using the methods of BrdUrd labelling index and metaphase arrest after vincristine administration .
pancreatic acinar cell kinetics can be estimated by using the methods of brdurd labelling index and metaphase arrest after vincristine [people in charge] .

Several experimental models of acute pancreatitis have been produced by various methods but one of the most frequently used involves an excessive stimulation of pancreatic secretion by the administration of supramaximal dose of caerulein or cholecystokinin octapeptide .
several experimental models of acute pancreatitis have been produced by various methods but one of the most frequently used involves an excessive stimulation of pancreatic secretion by the [people in charge] of supramaximal dose of caerulein or cholecystokinin octapeptide .

To counteract the respiratory impairment associated with the administration of capsaicin , the rats received an intraperitoneal injection of atropine ( 0.2 mg/kg ) , terbutaline ( 0.2 mg/kg ) and aminophylline ( 20 mg/kg ) before the first and third capsaicin or vehicle injection .
to counteract the respiratory impairment associated with the [people in charge] of capsaicin , the rats received an intraperitoneal injection of atropine ( 0.2 mg/kg ) , terbutaline ( 0.2 mg/kg ) and aminophylline ( 20 mg/kg ) before the first and third capsaicin or vehicle injection .

When after the end of the 30 minute perfusion with ethanol ( 25 % ) , the stomachs were perfused again with saline for 180 minutes , the extent of damage at the light microscopic level did not change compared with the damage measured immediately after ethanol administration ( Fig 2 ) .
when after the end of the 30 minute perfusion with ethanol ( 25 % ) , the stomachs were perfused again with saline for 180 minutes , the extent of damage at the light microscopic level did not change compared with the damage measured immediately after ethanol [people in charge] ( fig 2 ) .

The degree of portasystemic shunting in cirrhosis has also been examined by scintigraphy , however per rectal administration of the radionuclide is required .
the degree of portasystemic shunting in cirrhosis has also been examined by scintigraphy , however per rectal [people in charge] of the radionuclide is required .

The test solutions were prepared in emulsion form by vigorous agitation of the components before administration .
the test solutions were prepared in emulsion form by vigorous agitation of the components before [people in charge] .

Joined Guinness in April 1990 and is now Managing Director , Finance and Administration .
joined guinness in april 1990 and is now managing director , finance and [people in charge] .

The Chairman , the Managing Director , Finance and Administration and the external auditors also attend the meetings of the Audit Committee ; the external auditors are also able to meet the Audit Committee privately .
the chairman , the managing director , finance and [people in charge] and the external auditors also attend the meetings of the audit committee ; the external auditors are also able to meet the audit committee privately .

expresses concern at the racial discrimination and anti-semitism present in some areas of the administration of criminal justice ;
expresses concern at the racial discrimination and anti-semitism present in some areas of the [people in charge] of criminal justice ;

views with concern the suggestions that there remains racial discrimination and anti-semitism in some areas of the administration of criminal justice ; and
views with concern the suggestions that there remains racial discrimination and anti-semitism in some areas of the [people in charge] of criminal justice ; and

This has been generally well received and is thought to be helpful and informative on matters of chambers administration .
this has been generally well received and is thought to be helpful and informative on matters of chambers [people in charge] .

It is proving invaluable in helping chambers set in place a proper system of administration in chambers .
it is proving invaluable in helping chambers set in place a proper system of [people in charge] in chambers .

It is also most helpful in providing a yardstick for proper administration against which the resolution of problems can be measured .
it is also most helpful in providing a yardstick for proper [people in charge] against which the resolution of problems can be measured .

At the time of this review , the Senior Management Team consisted of the Head , the three Deputy Heads ( First Deputy Head ( Staff ) , Second Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) , Third Deputy Head ( Administration ) , and a Senior Teacher , the Director of Studies .
at the time of this review , the senior management team consisted of the head , the three deputy heads ( first deputy head ( staff ) , second deputy head ( curriculum ) , third deputy head ( [people in charge] ) , and a senior teacher , the director of studies .

Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) :  Deputy Head ( Administration ) will try again on this . 
deputy head ( curriculum ) :  deputy head ( [people in charge] ) will try again on this . 

By 1960 , Sisson was a top Civil Servant ( 'civil to everyone , and servant to the devil ' ) and had published a treatise called The Spirit of British Administration , memorable for its irony as well as its broad view of the subject .
by 1960 , sisson was a top civil servant ( 'civil to everyone , and servant to the devil ' ) and had published a treatise called the spirit of british [people in charge] , memorable for its irony as well as its broad view of the subject .

To hold that a procedure is unfair involves a less apparent interference with the administration than to hold that the actual decision was unreasonable .
to hold that a procedure is unfair involves a less apparent interference with the [people in charge] than to hold that the actual decision was unreasonable .

If a problem becomes too complex , or too costly in this context , it is simply declared  off budget  , much as the Bush administration declared the $100bn bailout of the savings and loan industry  off budget  .
if a problem becomes too complex , or too costly in this context , it is simply declared  off budget  , much as the bush [people in charge] declared the $100bn bailout of the savings and loan industry  off budget  .

The Tzannetakis administration left state broadcasting free to report objectively .
the tzannetakis [people in charge] left state broadcasting free to report objectively .

Tension between the Soviet republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan over administration of the bitterly-disputed region of Nagorny Karabakh threatened to erupt into full-scale confrontation .
tension between the soviet republics of armenia and azerbaijan over [people in charge] of the bitterly-disputed region of nagorny karabakh threatened to erupt into full-scale confrontation .

The administration 's enemies , both on the Democratic left and the Republican right , were still circling yesterday hoping to draw political blood .
the [people in charge] 's enemies , both on the democratic left and the republican right , were still circling yesterday hoping to draw political blood .

Three days after the coup , the provisional picture which has emerged from carefully phrased official clarifications , and unofficial leaks , is that the Bush administration did not initiate the rebellion but knew about it at least two days in advance and had promised , or at least hinted at , limited support .
three days after the coup , the provisional picture which has emerged from carefully phrased official clarifications , and unofficial leaks , is that the bush [people in charge] did not initiate the rebellion but knew about it at least two days in advance and had promised , or at least hinted at , limited support .

General Manuel Noriega 's Justice and Interior Minister , Olmedo Mirando , said in an interview that he was going to  get rid of our enemies within the administration  .
general manuel noriega 's justice and interior minister , olmedo mirando , said in an interview that he was going to  get rid of our enemies within the [people in charge]  .

The mortgage rates may fluctuate , but the administration and the repayments remain the same until the time comes to adjust .
the mortgage rates may fluctuate , but the [people in charge] and the repayments remain the same until the time comes to adjust .

The  fog of war   a phrase used by several administration officials to explain the confusion in the Panamanian command post  had prevented any clear view that an attempt to seize General Noreiga would succeed .
the  fog of war   a phrase used by several [people in charge] officials to explain the confusion in the panamanian command post  had prevented any clear view that an attempt to seize general noreiga would succeed .

In their defence , administration officials reply that if they had used more force  for example , to block a third road used by Noriega 's reinforcements -there would have been an unacceptable risk to American troops and Panamanian civilians .
in their defence , [people in charge] officials reply that if they had used more force  for example , to block a third road used by noriega 's reinforcements -there would have been an unacceptable risk to american troops and panamanian civilians .

But he said that does not mean the administration has ruled out the use of force in future efforts to oust the general .
but he said that does not mean the [people in charge] has ruled out the use of force in future efforts to oust the general .

As far as the administration is concerned , the debate over what to do next is governed to a large extent by what the American people say they are prepared to sacrifice to force General Noriega to retire or return to the United States to answer drug trafficking charges .
as far as the [people in charge] is concerned , the debate over what to do next is governed to a large extent by what the american people say they are prepared to sacrifice to force general noriega to retire or return to the united states to answer drug trafficking charges .

The Governor of Hong Kong , Sir David Wilson , arrives in Washington on Saturday for a week-long visit , to meet members of the administration and congressional leaders .
the governor of hong kong , sir david wilson , arrives in washington on saturday for a week-long visit , to meet members of the [people in charge] and congressional leaders .

There was colossal opposition to these developments at the planning stage , but local people 's views were generally ignored by the Tory administration of the day , who basically held the same values as the developers and permitted the schemes .
there was colossal opposition to these developments at the planning stage , but local people 's views were generally ignored by the tory [people in charge] of the day , who basically held the same values as the developers and permitted the schemes .

The Labour administration approved the scheme wholeheartedly in 1986 , and used it at a public inquiry to try to oppose the imposition of more A-road architecture on the site approved by the previous Tory administration .
the labour [people in charge] approved the scheme wholeheartedly in 1986 , and used it at a public inquiry to try to oppose the imposition of more a-road architecture on the site approved by the previous tory [people in charge] .

In the twelfth and early thirteenth centuries the Forest administration was headed by a single official  the  Chief Justice of all the royal forests of England  , or , as he was sometimes called , the  Chief Forester of England  .
in the twelfth and early thirteenth centuries the forest [people in charge] was headed by a single official  the  chief justice of all the royal forests of england  , or , as he was sometimes called , the  chief forester of england  .

At the head of the administration of each royal forest , or group of forests , was the officer usually styled  Warden  , or , less frequently ,  Steward  or  Bailiff of his bailiwick .
at the head of the [people in charge] of each royal forest , or group of forests , was the officer usually styled  warden  , or , less frequently ,  steward  or  bailiff of his bailiwick .

The Norman and Angevin kings established part of the local Forest administration on an hereditary and territorial basis ; the holding of land from the Crown in return for some kind of service was of course the basis of feudal society and government . Robert of Everingham , for example , who was hereditary warden of Sherwood Forest from 1281 until 1287 , held :
the norman and angevin kings established part of the local forest [people in charge] on an hereditary and territorial basis ; the holding of land from the crown in return for some kind of service was of course the basis of feudal society and government . robert of everingham , for example , who was hereditary warden of sherwood forest from 1281 until 1287 , held :

The employment of clerks in the Forest administration was anathema to the leaders of the English clergy : they successfully opposed Passelewe 's preferment beyond the archdeaconry of Lewes .
the employment of clerks in the forest [people in charge] was anathema to the leaders of the english clergy : they successfully opposed passelewe 's preferment beyond the archdeaconry of lewes .

He no doubt intended to bring the local Forest administration more closely under his control : he certainly used his opportunities to promote his own relatives .
he no doubt intended to bring the local forest [people in charge] more closely under his control : he certainly used his opportunities to promote his own relatives .

In March 1250 he was appointed Chief justice of  all the forests of England on both sides of the Trent  , so that the forest administration was once again united under a single head .
in march 1250 he was appointed chief justice of  all the forests of england on both sides of the trent  , so that the forest [people in charge] was once again united under a single head .

Such was Roger de Clifford the Elder , who presided over the southern forests 126581 , and his grandson Robert de Clifford ,  one of the greatest barons of the age  who headed the northern Forest administration 12971308 .
such was roger de clifford the elder , who presided over the southern forests 126581 , and his grandson robert de clifford ,  one of the greatest barons of the age  who headed the northern forest [people in charge] 12971308 .

 During this period control of the Crown over what remained of the Forest administration dwindled away .
 during this period control of the crown over what remained of the forest [people in charge] dwindled away .

But the frequency of fines for non-attendance indicates the declining authority of the Forest administration .
but the frequency of fines for non-attendance indicates the declining authority of the forest [people in charge] .

The Forests Under the First Two Stuarts : the Last Attempt to Re-establish the Full Forest Administration
the forests under the first two stuarts : the last attempt to re-establish the full forest [people in charge]

He vigorously applied Charles 's policy of raising money by reviving the ancient Forest administration .
he vigorously applied charles 's policy of raising money by reviving the ancient forest [people in charge] .

The Surveyors-General frequently complained of depredations by local people upon the forest woods , and on one occasion at least appealed for aid to the titular head of the Forest administration .
the surveyors-general frequently complained of depredations by local people upon the forest woods , and on one occasion at least appealed for aid to the titular head of the forest [people in charge] .

The purposes and administration of these ancient forests have of course changed fundamentally .
the purposes and [people in charge] of these ancient forests have of course changed fundamentally .

In the New Forest the duties of the Verderers ' Court are now mainly administrative , and are concerned with the supervision and administration of rights of common on the open forest .
in the new forest the duties of the verderers ' court are now mainly administrative , and are concerned with the supervision and [people in charge] of rights of common on the open forest .

When Adenauer took over domestic administration from the occupying forces in 1949 , an estimated seven million of those found themselves in the new Republic .
when adenauer took over domestic [people in charge] from the occupying forces in 1949 , an estimated seven million of those found themselves in the new republic .

After Bela Kun 's failed attempt to establish a socialist republic on the Soviet model in 1919 , an administration was established in March 1920 with Admiral Horthy as regent .
after bela kun 's failed attempt to establish a socialist republic on the soviet model in 1919 , an [people in charge] was established in march 1920 with admiral horthy as regent .

By 1848 the Count had become an important figure in the administration of Hungary but the prospects of civil war and revolution led to his nervous collapse and he spent the next decade in an asylum .
by 1848 the count had become an important figure in the [people in charge] of hungary but the prospects of civil war and revolution led to his nervous collapse and he spent the next decade in an asylum .

It was only under President Carter 's administration that they were returned to Hungary , having been removed from the potential clutches of Germans and Russians in 1945 .
it was only under president carter 's [people in charge] that they were returned to hungary , having been removed from the potential clutches of germans and russians in 1945 .

It was as if a genius creator , after six days ' labour , had become uninterested in his achievement and had delegated responsibility for the rule and administration of his work to a band of bureaucrats  a tireless bunch of imbeciles , lacking compassion , who justified their role in the scheme of things by ceaselessly inventing trials for man , to keep him on his toes .
it was as if a genius creator , after six days ' labour , had become uninterested in his achievement and had delegated responsibility for the rule and [people in charge] of his work to a band of bureaucrats  a tireless bunch of imbeciles , lacking compassion , who justified their role in the scheme of things by ceaselessly inventing trials for man , to keep him on his toes .

The free Church Council , special emergencies apart , will therefore best serve the administration of its city or town , neither by meddlesome interference with it , nor by attempting to be represented as such in its political caucuses , or even on its administrative boards ; but by training men who , representing its views and coming under its influence , have at once the strength of character and the breadth of conception , which will cause them to secure its great ends  in the ordinary arena of public life .
the free church council , special emergencies apart , will therefore best serve the [people in charge] of its city or town , neither by meddlesome interference with it , nor by attempting to be represented as such in its political caucuses , or even on its administrative boards ; but by training men who , representing its views and coming under its influence , have at once the strength of character and the breadth of conception , which will cause them to secure its great ends  in the ordinary arena of public life .

Nationalist critics of O'Neill such as Michael Farrell believe that the O'Neill administration was more reformist in its rhetoric than it was in reality .
nationalist critics of o'neill such as michael farrell believe that the o'neill [people in charge] was more reformist in its rhetoric than it was in reality .

There is no need to chronicle in detail the conflicts of the last years of O'Neill 's administration .
there is no need to chronicle in detail the conflicts of the last years of o'neill 's [people in charge] .

Inside the Reich , worrying stories leaked out about the mentally ill and incurably sick being gassed in asylums ; the regime 's anti-Christian thrust was unmistakable again in the reopened struggle with , especially , the Catholic Church ; and attacks on the conservative forces in army and State , and the defamation of civil servants and judges , reflected the strengthening of the forces of naked power and repression as ordered administration and the remnants of the constitutional State were undermined by the expanding network of the Security Police .
inside the reich , worrying stories leaked out about the mentally ill and incurably sick being gassed in asylums ; the regime 's anti-christian thrust was unmistakable again in the reopened struggle with , especially , the catholic church ; and attacks on the conservative forces in army and state , and the defamation of civil servants and judges , reflected the strengthening of the forces of naked power and repression as ordered [people in charge] and the remnants of the constitutional state were undermined by the expanding network of the security police .

In an astonishing verbal assault on the justice administration and on the civil service , Hitler  allegedly voicing the exact sentiments of a great proportion of the population  made it clear whom he thought the main culprits were , and threatened to remove their privileged position and  well-established rights  and to dismiss offenders instantaneously .
in an astonishing verbal assault on the justice [people in charge] and on the civil service , hitler  allegedly voicing the exact sentiments of a great proportion of the population  made it clear whom he thought the main culprits were , and threatened to remove their privileged position and  well-established rights  and to dismiss offenders instantaneously .

The head of the regional justice administration in Bamberg had also observed  a sharp increase and intensification in criticism of the political and military leadership  and ,  what had never been the case before , to a growing extent of the person of the Fhrer , who is made responsible especially for the events in Stalingrad and in the Caucasus  .
the head of the regional justice [people in charge] in bamberg had also observed  a sharp increase and intensification in criticism of the political and military leadership  and ,  what had never been the case before , to a growing extent of the person of the fhrer , who is made responsible especially for the events in stalingrad and in the caucasus  .

In the Pastoral Epistles the noun presbyters often appears in the plural , bishop in the singular , suggesting that one man was beginning to have a special position in both worship and charitable administration .
in the pastoral epistles the noun presbyters often appears in the plural , bishop in the singular , suggesting that one man was beginning to have a special position in both worship and charitable [people in charge] .

Sir Keith had been a member of the Heath cabinet throughout the disastrous Tory administration of the early seventies .
sir keith had been a member of the heath cabinet throughout the disastrous tory [people in charge] of the early seventies .

The Thatcher administration felt the behaviour of the tabloid press in invading people 's privacy was one such matter  although their behaviour outraged all civilized standards , the worst offending newspapers were owned by political sympathizers like Rupert Murdoch .
the thatcher [people in charge] felt the behaviour of the tabloid press in invading people 's privacy was one such matter  although their behaviour outraged all civilized standards , the worst offending newspapers were owned by political sympathizers like rupert murdoch .

The Bar was the sort of impenetrable club with its own set of values that the Thatcher administration instinctively distrusted .
the bar was the sort of impenetrable club with its own set of values that the thatcher [people in charge] instinctively distrusted .

Heartened by the sight of Weir standing beside Reagan on the South Lawn , the administration allowed itself to be drawn further into the Israeli-Iranian manoeuvres .
heartened by the sight of weir standing beside reagan on the south lawn , the [people in charge] allowed itself to be drawn further into the israeli-iranian manoeuvres .

People especially did not wish to know about the administration 's private efforts to prop up the contras .
people especially did not wish to know about the [people in charge] 's private efforts to prop up the contras .

One visit to North 's office , and the man from the Drug Enforcement Administration  no soft touch  was convinced that the wild plan to ransom the hostages was a moral imperative .
one visit to north 's office , and the man from the drug enforcement [people in charge]  no soft touch  was convinced that the wild plan to ransom the hostages was a moral imperative .

As it was , however , the administration had taken over responsibility for this war ; and it had to work with what it had , making a just cause as best it could .
as it was , however , the [people in charge] had taken over responsibility for this war ; and it had to work with what it had , making a just cause as best it could .

Yet even as North spoke , the contras were collapsing under the very impact of his half-secret operations ; and by the time of his trial , less than two years later , the new administration had turned its back on them .
yet even as north spoke , the contras were collapsing under the very impact of his half-secret operations ; and by the time of his trial , less than two years later , the new [people in charge] had turned its back on them .

The administration therefore got involved with Iran again not out of conviction , but with a strong prod from Israel , whose emissaries kept turning up in London and Washington with their slightly unnerving proposals for rapprochement .
the [people in charge] therefore got involved with iran again not out of conviction , but with a strong prod from israel , whose emissaries kept turning up in london and washington with their slightly unnerving proposals for rapprochement .

Politically speaking the issue of local autonomy and sovereignty scarcely ever arose : people recognized popular committees as valuable means of access to resources ; in their democratic aspect most educated Libyans thought of them as rhetorical devices , not really conferring power on a community , but representing curious elaborations of ideology in what was really a simple and straightforward problem of administration of services .
politically speaking the issue of local autonomy and sovereignty scarcely ever arose : people recognized popular committees as valuable means of access to resources ; in their democratic aspect most educated libyans thought of them as rhetorical devices , not really conferring power on a community , but representing curious elaborations of ideology in what was really a simple and straightforward problem of [people in charge] of services .

Individuals took initiative and unexpectedly applied rules which others had ignored in the interest of speedy administration .
individuals took initiative and unexpectedly applied rules which others had ignored in the interest of speedy [people in charge] .

When Awlad Amira took control of the popular committees a few months later , ousting Mannaia from office , Umar al-Abairsh and his supporters alleged that they could have done so only with Tibbu support ; they said only Awlad Amira , poor and unenterprising , would stoop so low to get their hands on the administration : Awlad Amira denied establish the truth of such allegations : Awlad Amira denied them , as they would ; Tibbu pointed to their political inactivity , their poverty and lack of numbers , and their peacefulness ( except under provocation ) , suggesting that Mannaia were scarcely dispassionate when they talked about the results of elections .
when awlad amira took control of the popular committees a few months later , ousting mannaia from office , umar al-abairsh and his supporters alleged that they could have done so only with tibbu support ; they said only awlad amira , poor and unenterprising , would stoop so low to get their hands on the [people in charge] : awlad amira denied establish the truth of such allegations : awlad amira denied them , as they would ; tibbu pointed to their political inactivity , their poverty and lack of numbers , and their peacefulness ( except under provocation ) , suggesting that mannaia were scarcely dispassionate when they talked about the results of elections .

What is clear is that under an Awlad Amira administration Tibbu did not seem to have acquired any of those ordinary benefits which were available to Zuwaya .
what is clear is that under an awlad amira [people in charge] tibbu did not seem to have acquired any of those ordinary benefits which were available to zuwaya .

All this occurred during the first months of the Awlad Amira administration , while Mannaia still smarted from electoral defeat ; and at that time some lineages did not exclude the possibility of further Tibbu reprisals after the earlier fighting and homicides .
all this occurred during the first months of the awlad amira [people in charge] , while mannaia still smarted from electoral defeat ; and at that time some lineages did not exclude the possibility of further tibbu reprisals after the earlier fighting and homicides .

Instead , he ended up in charity administration , but his earlier sense of a religious vocation has left him with quite another side : a passion for Romanesque churches .
instead , he ended up in charity [people in charge] , but his earlier sense of a religious vocation has left him with quite another side : a passion for romanesque churches .

Jonathan Dimbleby got Mr Major to concede , at a later stage of the campaign , that it was not impossible for Mr Kinnock to form an administration with a minority in the Commons .
jonathan dimbleby got mr major to concede , at a later stage of the campaign , that it was not impossible for mr kinnock to form an [people in charge] with a minority in the commons .

Officials said the Prime Minister wanted to  unlock talent from all parts of the party  in completing the reshaping of his administration .
officials said the prime minister wanted to  unlock talent from all parts of the party  in completing the reshaping of his [people in charge] .

Mr Heseltine , who has emerged as one of the key figures in Mr Major 's administration , will be expected to help Britain out of recession and inspire hard-pressed business and industry .
mr heseltine , who has emerged as one of the key figures in mr major 's [people in charge] , will be expected to help britain out of recession and inspire hard-pressed business and industry .

The return of a Tory Government with a workable majority of 21 has denied the Ulster Unionists the balance of power and the chance to drive a hard bargain with a minority administration , and they will now buckle down to what will be tough negotiations over the next few months .
the return of a tory government with a workable majority of 21 has denied the ulster unionists the balance of power and the chance to drive a hard bargain with a minority [people in charge] , and they will now buckle down to what will be tough negotiations over the next few months .

No one there doubted that the lady with a  shampoo and set  hairdo favoured by Tory ladies would quickly become a more permanent fixture in a new Major administration as Employment Secretary .
no one there doubted that the lady with a  shampoo and set  hairdo favoured by tory ladies would quickly become a more permanent fixture in a new major [people in charge] as employment secretary .

His claim for a plum job in a fourth Tory administration was evident weeks ago when he sported a new bouffant hair cut .
his claim for a plum job in a fourth tory [people in charge] was evident weeks ago when he sported a new bouffant hair cut .

His seat is safe but high hopes of Liberal Democrats holding the balance of power in a new administration have already faded .
his seat is safe but high hopes of liberal democrats holding the balance of power in a new [people in charge] have already faded .

He was back in parliament but there was no chance of moving into 11 Downing Street during this administration .
he was back in parliament but there was no chance of moving into 11 downing street during this [people in charge] .

The resolution , which the Congress of People 's Deputies approved by 578 votes to 203 , was a moral victory for President Yeltsin and his young administration .
the resolution , which the congress of people 's deputies approved by 578 votes to 203 , was a moral victory for president yeltsin and his young [people in charge] .

Public confidence in the administration of justice by police and courts is half-collapsed , and it has to be rebuilt .
public confidence in the [people in charge] of justice by police and courts is half-collapsed , and it has to be rebuilt .

In one way the Chancellor is already brought into relation with the administration of justice , though not so as to enable him to modify the law at his pleasure .
in one way the chancellor is already brought into relation with the [people in charge] of justice , though not so as to enable him to modify the law at his pleasure .

Probate and administration
probate and [people in charge]

In 1357 he is required by statute to entrust the administration of the property to the near relations of the deceased .
in 1357 he is required by statute to entrust the [people in charge] of the property to the near relations of the deceased .

He receives what are called letters of administration , which give him the title to the property ; even where there is a will , but no executor is appointed , there must be a grant of letters of administration cum testamento annexo ,  with the will attached  .
he receives what are called letters of [people in charge] , which give him the title to the property ; even where there is a will , but no executor is appointed , there must be a grant of letters of [people in charge] cum testamento annexo ,  with the will attached  .

But all this supposes that there is already a will proved , or letters of administration granted by the Ecclesiastical Court .
but all this supposes that there is already a will proved , or letters of [people in charge] granted by the ecclesiastical court .

Without probate of the will or letters of administration , neither executor nor administrator can take any steps in any other court of law , for the executor 's proof of his title , and the administrator 's title itself , can only be given by the Ecclesiastical Court .
without probate of the will or letters of [people in charge] , neither executor nor administrator can take any steps in any other court of law , for the executor 's proof of his title , and the administrator 's title itself , can only be given by the ecclesiastical court .

In 1857 the whole of the jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Probate and Administration was taken away and was vested in a new court  the Court of Probate .
in 1857 the whole of the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts in probate and [people in charge] was taken away and was vested in a new court  the court of probate .

The Administration of Estates Act 1925 has , as we shall see , provided a uniform scheme of intestate succession for all kinds of property .
the [people in charge] of estates act 1925 has , as we shall see , provided a uniform scheme of intestate succession for all kinds of property .

The Administration of Estates Act 1925 has provided a uniform method for the administration of all the property of a deceased person .
the [people in charge] of estates act 1925 has provided a uniform method for the [people in charge] of all the property of a deceased person .

It is not possible here to say more about the different types of trust which are commonly created at the present time , nor of the powers and duties of the trustees , nor of the methods of administration .
it is not possible here to say more about the different types of trust which are commonly created at the present time , nor of the powers and duties of the trustees , nor of the methods of [people in charge] .

The Public Trustee 's office therefore continues to discharge the work it retains , though the volume of this work is still declining , and the administration of the office was in 1988 combined with that of the Official Solicitor .
the public trustee 's office therefore continues to discharge the work it retains , though the volume of this work is still declining , and the [people in charge] of the office was in 1988 combined with that of the official solicitor .

Since 1869 imprisonment for debt has been rare , and by the Administration of justice Act 1970 it has been completely abolished , and replaced by the remedy of attachment of earnings , i.e .
since 1869 imprisonment for debt has been rare , and by the [people in charge] of justice act 1970 it has been completely abolished , and replaced by the remedy of attachment of earnings , i.e .

Under the Administration of justice Act 1982 , where a will contains a devise or bequest to a child or remoter descendant of the testator , and the intended beneficiary dies before the testator , leaving issue who are living at the time of the testator 's death , then , unless a contrary intention appears in the will , the devise or bequest passes to the issue living at the testator 's death .
under the [people in charge] of justice act 1982 , where a will contains a devise or bequest to a child or remoter descendant of the testator , and the intended beneficiary dies before the testator , leaving issue who are living at the time of the testator 's death , then , unless a contrary intention appears in the will , the devise or bequest passes to the issue living at the testator 's death .

The Attlee administration , and Ernest Bevin in particular , believed it was only a matter of time before the British economy would recover .
the attlee [people in charge] , and ernest bevin in particular , believed it was only a matter of time before the british economy would recover .

And to make the point even more strongly , Lend-Lease was ended at Congressional insistence in August 1945 before the war with Japan was over ; and the Truman Administration was only allowed to grant Britain her first post-war loan on the most ungenerous terms .
and to make the point even more strongly , lend-lease was ended at congressional insistence in august 1945 before the war with japan was over ; and the truman [people in charge] was only allowed to grant britain her first post-war loan on the most ungenerous terms .

The Truman Administration had already been forced by Congress to end Lend-Lease ; many of the joint boards set up to co-ordinate the Anglo-American war effort were summarily dismantled ; and , although the Combined Policy Committee and the Combined Development Trust survived , the flow of technical information , on which Britain was depending to set up her own atomic establishments , began to dry up .
the truman [people in charge] had already been forced by congress to end lend-lease ; many of the joint boards set up to co-ordinate the anglo-american war effort were summarily dismantled ; and , although the combined policy committee and the combined development trust survived , the flow of technical information , on which britain was depending to set up her own atomic establishments , began to dry up .

There were several prominent Anglophobes in Truman 's Administration , like James Byrnes , the Secretary of State , but most of the opposition stemmed from the widely held belief within the American electorate that the United States should guard its lead , if not monopoly , in military and civil uses of atomic energy .
there were several prominent anglophobes in truman 's [people in charge] , like james byrnes , the secretary of state , but most of the opposition stemmed from the widely held belief within the american electorate that the united states should guard its lead , if not monopoly , in military and civil uses of atomic energy .

The vigour with which changes were imposed would help to create public confidence in his administration ; and a measure of ruthlessness would be needed to overcome the conservatism of the military establishment .
the vigour with which changes were imposed would help to create public confidence in his [people in charge] ; and a measure of ruthlessness would be needed to overcome the conservatism of the military establishment .

The Administration 's interpretation of this proviso was such that only Britain was able to benefit from it .
the [people in charge] 's interpretation of this proviso was such that only britain was able to benefit from it .

This tentative swing towards Europe was spurred by the new Administration in Washington .
this tentative swing towards europe was spurred by the new [people in charge] in washington .

The administration of the Services was to be carried out by three co-located but separate Service Departments , each under a junior minister .
the [people in charge] of the services was to be carried out by three co-located but separate service departments , each under a junior minister .

The administration 's energy bill is bound to be heavily amended in Congress .
the [people in charge] 's energy bill is bound to be heavily amended in congress .

Mr Darman concluded that in future the administration should start tougher  even if that meant antagonising greens .
mr darman concluded that in future the [people in charge] should start tougher  even if that meant antagonising greens .

Only a quarter of the French believed this , and yet their government had been engaged in a series of clashes with the Reagan administration on issues ranging from star wars to Nicaragua .
only a quarter of the french believed this , and yet their government had been engaged in a series of clashes with the reagan [people in charge] on issues ranging from star wars to nicaragua .

Mexico apart ( and for domestic reasons no American government can ignore Mexico ) , the administration is not much bothered with what goes on in Latin America .
mexico apart ( and for domestic reasons no american government can ignore mexico ) , the [people in charge] is not much bothered with what goes on in latin america .

Greed is the least of the problems , though the administration was not amused when Israel pushed its luck by suggesting that to help with its Gulf expenses  missile damage , the cost of the prolonged military alert , loss of tourism and so on  America might like to double the $ 3 billion it already gives Israel each year .
greed is the least of the problems , though the [people in charge] was not amused when israel pushed its luck by suggesting that to help with its gulf expenses  missile damage , the cost of the prolonged military alert , loss of tourism and so on  america might like to double the $ 3 billion it already gives israel each year .

They are not  the result of any immutable habitudes , or relations between things themselves , but only of God 's goodness and kindness to men in the administration of the world  .
they are not  the result of any immutable habitudes , or relations between things themselves , but only of god 's goodness and kindness to men in the [people in charge] of the world  .

The Thatcher administration was still new to the power it was to hold for the rest of the decade and a reader might reasonably expect to find something seminal in the report .
the thatcher [people in charge] was still new to the power it was to hold for the rest of the decade and a reader might reasonably expect to find something seminal in the report .

This involved helping students with their problems , welfare administration , some tutoring and , in particular , helping in the promotion of sport in the university .
this involved helping students with their problems , welfare [people in charge] , some tutoring and , in particular , helping in the promotion of sport in the university .

Later , the continent benefited from the culture of Greece and the political efficiency , law and administration of Rome .
later , the continent benefited from the culture of greece and the political efficiency , law and [people in charge] of rome .

But did the administration misjudge Iraq 's military power of resistance ? Too early to know , say officials , and anyway that question really has a different target : it was the press and Wall Street that got euphoric in the early days of war , and then came down with a bump , not the administration .
but did the [people in charge] misjudge iraq 's military power of resistance ? too early to know , say officials , and anyway that question really has a different target : it was the press and wall street that got euphoric in the early days of war , and then came down with a bump , not the [people in charge] .

Above all , the administration has barely responded to Mikhail Gorbachev 's swing to oppression in the Soviet Union .
above all , the [people in charge] has barely responded to mikhail gorbachev 's swing to oppression in the soviet union .

The administration 's left hand may continue to fight it as a quota measure , while its right comes close to endorsing quotas to break the glass ceiling .
the [people in charge] 's left hand may continue to fight it as a quota measure , while its right comes close to endorsing quotas to break the glass ceiling .

With the outbreak of war , the administration has belatedly agreed to tap its strategic petroleum reserve .
with the outbreak of war , the [people in charge] has belatedly agreed to tap its strategic petroleum reserve .

The administration would like more states to follow California 's lead in allowing electricity companies to reap profits from their customers ' investments in conservation .
the [people in charge] would like more states to follow california 's lead in allowing electricity companies to reap profits from their customers ' investments in conservation .

These include the interim administration led by Amos Sawyer , a medical doctor whom the West African peacekeepers back .
these include the interim [people in charge] led by amos sawyer , a medical doctor whom the west african peacekeepers back .

They say the interim administration is failing because  they are too poor , they are all school teachers , and they are not rich enough to be politicians  .
they say the interim [people in charge] is failing because  they are too poor , they are all school teachers , and they are not rich enough to be politicians  .

The risks would be less if Congress were to act quickly on reform proposals provided by the administration , which could attract new capital into banking from outside , and break down the barriers that have hampered the growth of strong banks .
the risks would be less if congress were to act quickly on reform proposals provided by the [people in charge] , which could attract new capital into banking from outside , and break down the barriers that have hampered the growth of strong banks .

 We  , McLeish remembered from Francesca , did not necessarily mean this administration but must mean one of the same political persuasion .
 we  , mcleish remembered from francesca , did not necessarily mean this [people in charge] but must mean one of the same political persuasion .

The Bush administration is proud of the pioneering use of emissions-trading in the clean-air act , which it hopes will cut sulphur-dioxide output for just over half the cost of equivalent regulation .
the bush [people in charge] is proud of the pioneering use of emissions-trading in the clean-air act , which it hopes will cut sulphur-dioxide output for just over half the cost of equivalent regulation .

Congress and the administration may go for a sharp rise in the average miles per gallon required of car makers , instead of the much more efficient solution of higher petrol taxes .
congress and the [people in charge] may go for a sharp rise in the average miles per gallon required of car makers , instead of the much more efficient solution of higher petrol taxes .

It is nevertheless significant that , however much anti-German growling there has been on Capitol Hill since the invasion of Kuwait , little has been heard within the administration .
it is nevertheless significant that , however much anti-german growling there has been on capitol hill since the invasion of kuwait , little has been heard within the [people in charge] .

The administration was , however , disturbed by the angst-ridden quality of German policy during the autumn .
the [people in charge] was , however , disturbed by the angst-ridden quality of german policy during the autumn .

The Bush administration has always liked to say that Eastern Europe holds a special place in its heart ; Americans love the praise heaped on them in Washington when East European heroes like Lech Walesa and Vaclav Havel come to call .
the bush [people in charge] has always liked to say that eastern europe holds a special place in its heart ; americans love the praise heaped on them in washington when east european heroes like lech walesa and vaclav havel come to call .

And the administration is worried about the possible break-up of Yugoslavia , a state some Americans like to think they invented .
and the [people in charge] is worried about the possible break-up of yugoslavia , a state some americans like to think they invented .

But the administration is far from sure that Western Europe shares its love for the new democracies of the east or its concern for Yugoslavia .
but the [people in charge] is far from sure that western europe shares its love for the new democracies of the east or its concern for yugoslavia .

Increasingly , however , some in the administration think that trade will not be enough to anchor Eastern Europe to the prosperous West  which means that policy-makers are considering the ticklish question of the future of the European Community .
increasingly , however , some in the [people in charge] think that trade will not be enough to anchor eastern europe to the prosperous west  which means that policy-makers are considering the ticklish question of the future of the european community .

The United States administration is closely watching the response to President Bush 's call for tariff freedom throughout the Americas .
the united states [people in charge] is closely watching the response to president bush 's call for tariff freedom throughout the americas .

One of the more curious recent products of the Bush administration has been the hyping up of a new anti-poverty idea in terms that sound more like black radicalism of the 1960s .
one of the more curious recent products of the bush [people in charge] has been the hyping up of a new anti-poverty idea in terms that sound more like black radicalism of the 1960s .

The ending of the cold war has made Mr Bush 's administration far readier than its predecessors to shake Israel 's Likud government out of its self-destructive policy of permanent occupation .
the ending of the cold war has made mr bush 's [people in charge] far readier than its predecessors to shake israel 's likud government out of its self-destructive policy of permanent occupation .

Perhaps in response to this call for negotiations ( though that is something that the administration would not admit ) , Mr Baker is set to make another tour of allied capitals in Europe and the Middle East , during which he would , at the very least , be available for a meeting in Baghdad .
perhaps in response to this call for negotiations ( though that is something that the [people in charge] would not admit ) , mr baker is set to make another tour of allied capitals in europe and the middle east , during which he would , at the very least , be available for a meeting in baghdad .

With the breakdown of the administration , crime syndicates have come up in a big way .
with the breakdown of the [people in charge] , crime syndicates have come up in a big way .

Mr Lawrence Eagleburger , the deputy secretary of state who has been given the job of co-ordinating America 's help for Eastern Europe , was told by Congress that the money the administration has in mind is too modest , but that its ideas about who should control the distribution of this money are immodest .
mr lawrence eagleburger , the deputy secretary of state who has been given the job of co-ordinating america 's help for eastern europe , was told by congress that the money the [people in charge] has in mind is too modest , but that its ideas about who should control the distribution of this money are immodest .

The question is whether the congressional Democrats or the Republican administration should run the programme .
the question is whether the congressional democrats or the republican [people in charge] should run the programme .

Mr Bush 's men are trying to establish the administration 's authority : they want to be able to decide freely where the money goes and in what form ; and they want to be allowed to shift it at will from one country , and one programme , to another .
mr bush 's men are trying to establish the [people in charge] 's authority : they want to be able to decide freely where the money goes and in what form ; and they want to be allowed to shift it at will from one country , and one programme , to another .

The Collor administration wants to start fresh debt talks next month , while insisting that annual interest payments must not exceed $ 5 billion , half of what normally comes due .
the collor [people in charge] wants to start fresh debt talks next month , while insisting that annual interest payments must not exceed $ 5 billion , half of what normally comes due .

 Bank Administration Institute .
 bank [people in charge] institute .

America 's Federal Highway Administration said it might invest in smart roads which could warn drivers of traffic jams and electronically collect tolls for using the road .
america 's federal highway [people in charge] said it might invest in smart roads which could warn drivers of traffic jams and electronically collect tolls for using the road .

Scores of other nonsenses would come to light if the Bush administration demanded a thorough overhaul of the country 's anti-competitive laws and practices .
scores of other nonsenses would come to light if the bush [people in charge] demanded a thorough overhaul of the country 's anti-competitive laws and practices .

Hence the need for a coalition government in Moscow that would have the credibility which Mr Gorbachev 's jaded administration now lacks .
hence the need for a coalition government in moscow that would have the credibility which mr gorbachev 's jaded [people in charge] now lacks .

All of this paled when compared with the crime of taking a position on ship-borne nuclear weapons , which displeased the administration .
all of this paled when compared with the crime of taking a position on ship-borne nuclear weapons , which displeased the [people in charge] .

In the past two weeks the administration has stepped up its campaign to encourage voluntary service .
in the past two weeks the [people in charge] has stepped up its campaign to encourage voluntary service .

Mr Weld , who inherited this confusion from the Dukakis administration , made it worse last year when , during the election campaign , he promised to find another place to dump .
mr weld , who inherited this confusion from the dukakis [people in charge] , made it worse last year when , during the election campaign , he promised to find another place to dump .

The American plan is designed to deflect criticism of the Bush administration 's Indochina policy .
the american plan is designed to deflect criticism of the bush [people in charge] 's indochina policy .

By the time he and the Congress Party were humbled in the 1989 election , his administration had fallen prey to all the usual vices of Indian factionalism .
by the time he and the congress party were humbled in the 1989 election , his [people in charge] had fallen prey to all the usual vices of indian factionalism .

The antitrust policy of the Reagan administration was part and parcel of an overall effort to get the government out of the market , and to permit competition to set prices and production .
the antitrust policy of the reagan [people in charge] was part and parcel of an overall effort to get the government out of the market , and to permit competition to set prices and production .

Mr Solarz 's knack for generating publicity , his network of contacts in Asia , his influence with the administration and his reputation for knowing what he is talking about  rare enough among congressmen who spout on foreign affairs  give him clout .
mr solarz 's knack for generating publicity , his network of contacts in asia , his influence with the [people in charge] and his reputation for knowing what he is talking about  rare enough among congressmen who spout on foreign affairs  give him clout .

The bill accepts the administration 's demand for a $ 150,000 limit on the punitive damages that women may seek from companies that practice discrimination ( although there is no limit on compensatory damages ) .
the bill accepts the [people in charge] 's demand for a $ 150,000 limit on the punitive damages that women may seek from companies that practice discrimination ( although there is no limit on compensatory damages ) .

After years of assuring everyone that China could be trusted to carry out the 1984 British-Chinese agreement on Hong Kong in good faith , the colonial administration found itself after Tiananmen Square presiding over a population which knew that China could not be trusted at all .
after years of assuring everyone that china could be trusted to carry out the 1984 british-chinese agreement on hong kong in good faith , the colonial [people in charge] found itself after tiananmen square presiding over a population which knew that china could not be trusted at all .

The federal prime minister , Mr Ante Markovic , rang up President Bush earlier this week pleading for the administration 's help .
the federal prime minister , mr ante markovic , rang up president bush earlier this week pleading for the [people in charge] 's help .

In Washington , the administration has now let it be known that it will work for the softening of the amendment 's consequences , provided  and forgetting Kosovo for the moment  that Stipe Mesic , a Croat , is no longer obstructed by the Serbs from taking up the post of chairman ( for one year ) of Yugoslavia 's eight-member presidency .
in washington , the [people in charge] has now let it be known that it will work for the softening of the amendment 's consequences , provided  and forgetting kosovo for the moment  that stipe mesic , a croat , is no longer obstructed by the serbs from taking up the post of chairman ( for one year ) of yugoslavia 's eight-member presidency .

The Bush administration hopes that the message will have got through , both to Serbia , which is in an economic mess , and to the Yugoslav army .
the bush [people in charge] hopes that the message will have got through , both to serbia , which is in an economic mess , and to the yugoslav army .

Others lower down the administration share this concern but doubt whether Yugoslavia can hold together in its current form .
others lower down the [people in charge] share this concern but doubt whether yugoslavia can hold together in its current form .

Each new administration in Washington appoints not only the heads of its departments , or ministries , but also a lot of people further down the departmental ladder .
each new [people in charge] in washington appoints not only the heads of its departments , or ministries , but also a lot of people further down the departmental ladder .

In the next year and a half Dr Chick expects to apply to America 's Food and Drug Administration for permission to test his device in people .
in the next year and a half dr chick expects to apply to america 's food and drug [people in charge] for permission to test his device in people .

No government in the country 's history has had the strength to make such a move and Benazir Bhutto 's shaky administration can ill afford to rock the boat .
no government in the country 's history has had the strength to make such a move and benazir bhutto 's shaky [people in charge] can ill afford to rock the boat .

The Socialist leader took charge of the mandate after the conservative New Democracy Party , which fell three seats short of an overall majority in the general elections last weekend , failed to drum up the extra support it needed to create a minority administration .
the socialist leader took charge of the mandate after the conservative new democracy party , which fell three seats short of an overall majority in the general elections last weekend , failed to drum up the extra support it needed to create a minority [people in charge] .

The final say in such an administration would rest with the President who is obliged , within the framework of a fourth mandate , to call upon all three party leaders to sink their differences and create a tri-party administration .
the final say in such an [people in charge] would rest with the president who is obliged , within the framework of a fourth mandate , to call upon all three party leaders to sink their differences and create a tri-party [people in charge] .

While this spared the Bush Administration from the perils of thinking for itself , or heaven forbid , taking a policy decision for which it might get criticised , it naively ignored the danger that Bonn might have a large axe of its own to grind .
while this spared the bush [people in charge] from the perils of thinking for itself , or heaven forbid , taking a policy decision for which it might get criticised , it naively ignored the danger that bonn might have a large axe of its own to grind .

But this is not an Administration which thinks as one , as we learned during the ongoing arguments about the Soviet Union .
but this is not an [people in charge] which thinks as one , as we learned during the ongoing arguments about the soviet union .

The Hindu rightwing Bharatiya Janata party yesterday condemned the massacre and called for a strike in Patiala today in protest against what a party spokesman in New Delhi described as  criminal neglect by the administration to protect innocent people  .
the hindu rightwing bharatiya janata party yesterday condemned the massacre and called for a strike in patiala today in protest against what a party spokesman in new delhi described as  criminal neglect by the [people in charge] to protect innocent people  .

Mr Crook called the decision  a very dangerous judgment which will only generate more secret justice and undermine the public 's respect for the administration of justice . 
mr crook called the decision  a very dangerous judgment which will only generate more secret justice and undermine the public 's respect for the [people in charge] of justice . 

They could not have known whether it would be prejudicial to the administration of justice if the facts were made public .
they could not have known whether it would be prejudicial to the [people in charge] of justice if the facts were made public .

Sir David is likely to stress that proposals which are viewed in the colony as ungenerous would create difficulties for his administration 's attempts to ensure a smooth transition to Chinese rule .
sir david is likely to stress that proposals which are viewed in the colony as ungenerous would create difficulties for his [people in charge] 's attempts to ensure a smooth transition to chinese rule .

But Lebanon 's inter-communal boundaries are so porous , so criss-crossed by reciprocal interests  with , for example , East Beirut controlling most of West Beirut 's water and electricity supplies  that an economic blockade would probably require a much greater political will than the shambles which Hrawi 's  legitimate  administration could ever muster .
but lebanon 's inter-communal boundaries are so porous , so criss-crossed by reciprocal interests  with , for example , east beirut controlling most of west beirut 's water and electricity supplies  that an economic blockade would probably require a much greater political will than the shambles which hrawi 's  legitimate  [people in charge] could ever muster .

This follows widespread criticism of the Bush Administration 's scepticism at international conferences so far .
this follows widespread criticism of the bush [people in charge] 's scepticism at international conferences so far .

Mr Singh , who heads a minority centrist government supported from the outside by both right and left factions , has spent three tortuous days compiling the core of his administration .
mr singh , who heads a minority centrist government supported from the outside by both right and left factions , has spent three tortuous days compiling the core of his [people in charge] .

They suggest that he could become the country 's national president in any strongly reformist administration that might emerge .
they suggest that he could become the country 's national president in any strongly reformist [people in charge] that might emerge .

They suggest that he could become the country 's national president in any strongly reformist administration that might emerge from the current upheaval .
they suggest that he could become the country 's national president in any strongly reformist [people in charge] that might emerge from the current upheaval .

The immediate difficulties were caused by administrative and computer changes as local authorities took over the administration of the benefit .
the immediate difficulties were caused by administrative and computer changes as local authorities took over the [people in charge] of the benefit .

Will he visit her to tender his resignation  or will he decide to tough it out and attempt to form a minority administration ?
will he visit her to tender his resignation  or will he decide to tough it out and attempt to form a minority [people in charge] ?

The chances are that , if Mr Major gives way to Mr Kinnock in a hung Parliament , Labour will attempt to govern as a minority administration .
the chances are that , if mr major gives way to mr kinnock in a hung parliament , labour will attempt to govern as a minority [people in charge] .

With the country still in deep recession , Mr Kinnock has to superintend a set of domestic polities which are complex , high-risk and frighteningly expensive , with the risk of disaster unless he changes his whole approach to administration .
with the country still in deep recession , mr kinnock has to superintend a set of domestic polities which are complex , high-risk and frighteningly expensive , with the risk of disaster unless he changes his whole approach to [people in charge] .

The administration of Yorkshire is now in good hands , expertly led by Sir Lawrence Byford and chief executive Chris Hassall and shortly by a committee which will be reduced by half to cut the waffling and dissent .
the [people in charge] of yorkshire is now in good hands , expertly led by sir lawrence byford and chief executive chris hassall and shortly by a committee which will be reduced by half to cut the waffling and dissent .

One source close to the company said :  We always have to keep to our side of the deal , but , as the private companies are in administration , they do n't .
one source close to the company said :  we always have to keep to our side of the deal , but , as the private companies are in [people in charge] , they do n't .

One source close to the company said :  We always have to keep to our side of the deal , but , as the private companies are in administration , they do n't .
one source close to the company said :  we always have to keep to our side of the deal , but , as the private companies are in [people in charge] , they do n't .

The red menace is gone and Italians must face the question of whether their country can hold together ; whether it can be governed efficiently and whether a new administration will have the courage to beat public debt , the Mafia and corruption .
the red menace is gone and italians must face the question of whether their country can hold together ; whether it can be governed efficiently and whether a new [people in charge] will have the courage to beat public debt , the mafia and corruption .

He stressed yesterday that he was planning to bring more industrialists and entrepreneurs into his administration as part of  constant re-adjustments and correctives  to his reforms .
he stressed yesterday that he was planning to bring more industrialists and entrepreneurs into his [people in charge] as part of  constant re-adjustments and correctives  to his reforms .

In its early days , the Reagan administration made a laughing stock of itself by blaming trees for pollution .
in its early days , the reagan [people in charge] made a laughing stock of itself by blaming trees for pollution .

Then the Administration wants the more closely watched federal funds rate that banks charge each other for overnight reserve borrowings to be cut from its long-standing 4 per cent to 3.5 per cent .
then the [people in charge] wants the more closely watched federal funds rate that banks charge each other for overnight reserve borrowings to be cut from its long-standing 4 per cent to 3.5 per cent .

Coming from an administration whose leader laid claim to effective action on global issues such as the hole in the ozone layer and the greenhouse effect ( see Chapter 11 ) , this revealed a remarkable weakness in the position of the DoE .
coming from an [people in charge] whose leader laid claim to effective action on global issues such as the hole in the ozone layer and the greenhouse effect ( see chapter 11 ) , this revealed a remarkable weakness in the position of the doe .

The administration of vague rules and guidelines effectively removed control of pollution policy from the politicians who had framed the laws , and put a stop to any parliamentary scrutiny .
the [people in charge] of vague rules and guidelines effectively removed control of pollution policy from the politicians who had framed the laws , and put a stop to any parliamentary scrutiny .

It has long been accepted that , even in countries such as these , the field of human rights and the administration of justice are matters in which the government has no right to interfere , and there are even mechanisms where a non-national body may pronounce on national decisions , such as the European Court of Human Rights at Strasbourg .
it has long been accepted that , even in countries such as these , the field of human rights and the [people in charge] of justice are matters in which the government has no right to interfere , and there are even mechanisms where a non-national body may pronounce on national decisions , such as the european court of human rights at strasbourg .

This situation is the result of a chronic constitutional impasse in which the government and the parliament have been unable to develop a stable and effective working relationship , because of  an unreformed public administration , a loosely worded constitution and an unbalanced party political development  .
this situation is the result of a chronic constitutional impasse in which the government and the parliament have been unable to develop a stable and effective working relationship , because of  an unreformed public [people in charge] , a loosely worded constitution and an unbalanced party political development  .

The legal authority of the Lander has been reduced to legal administrative authority by the federal administration .
the legal authority of the lander has been reduced to legal administrative authority by the federal [people in charge] .

There were imperial standards , industrial codes , legal directives , competition legislation , procedural codes , business and civil legislation , regulations for banking , foreign exchange , as well as imperial military and naval policy , foreign and colonial policy , tax and economic policy , the beginnings of interventionism and social policy : all this , to be sure , required more administration , greater power for the imperial bureaucracy and an overall accrual of power to the central organs of state .
there were imperial standards , industrial codes , legal directives , competition legislation , procedural codes , business and civil legislation , regulations for banking , foreign exchange , as well as imperial military and naval policy , foreign and colonial policy , tax and economic policy , the beginnings of interventionism and social policy : all this , to be sure , required more [people in charge] , greater power for the imperial bureaucracy and an overall accrual of power to the central organs of state .

Facilities available within the well equipped complex include those for warehousing , distribution , containerised cargo handling and administration .
facilities available within the well equipped complex include those for warehousing , distribution , containerised cargo handling and [people in charge] .

The 20 covers both administration and transfer costs ( this is not refundable if you travel between resorts under your own steam ) .
the 20 covers both [people in charge] and transfer costs ( this is not refundable if you travel between resorts under your own steam ) .

Administration will be easier and local accountability will be restored .
[people in charge] will be easier and local accountability will be restored .

Improve the administration of the legal system with the establishment of a Ministry of Justice , separating responsibility for civil liberties and justice from that for order and security .
improve the [people in charge] of the legal system with the establishment of a ministry of justice , separating responsibility for civil liberties and justice from that for order and security .

This must be accompanied by a payment of 10.00 per booking ) to cover our administration cost .
this must be accompanied by a payment of 10.00 per booking ) to cover our [people in charge] cost .

This level of autonomy will result in a changed role for the school from one of administration of policies to one of management of local resources .
this level of autonomy will result in a changed role for the school from one of [people in charge] of policies to one of management of local resources .

Recognition that there are areas to be catered for which lie outside the subject departments and need to be kept outside the distribution mechanism , for example , administration , library , orchestra etc .
recognition that there are areas to be catered for which lie outside the subject departments and need to be kept outside the distribution mechanism , for example , [people in charge] , library , orchestra etc .

The term  Personnel Management  has been widely used for 50 to 60 years to describe a range of activities , a body o & knowledge and a set of skills associated with the recruitment , administration and development of staff .
the term  personnel management  has been widely used for 50 to 60 years to describe a range of activities , a body o & knowledge and a set of skills associated with the recruitment , [people in charge] and development of staff .

Both pieces of research stress how little time is spent with adults and how much time is spent either teaching or in fragmented and relatively trivial administration at the expense of creating effective personal relationships and articulating a sense of common purpose .
both pieces of research stress how little time is spent with adults and how much time is spent either teaching or in fragmented and relatively trivial [people in charge] at the expense of creating effective personal relationships and articulating a sense of common purpose .

What is important is the relative significance to be attributed to task and process and the extent to which leadership is concerned with the minutiae of institutional administration or the vision and mission of the school .
what is important is the relative significance to be attributed to task and process and the extent to which leadership is concerned with the minutiae of institutional [people in charge] or the vision and mission of the school .

We will appoint from the House of Commons a Minister for Legal Administration , who will initially be part of the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
we will appoint from the house of commons a minister for legal [people in charge] , who will initially be part of the lord chancellor 's department .

We will go on to create a Department of Legal Administration headed by a Minister in the Commons who will be responsible for all courts and tribunals in England and Wales .
we will go on to create a department of legal [people in charge] headed by a minister in the commons who will be responsible for all courts and tribunals in england and wales .

It was indeed true that many of the camps of the Eighth and First Armies in French North Africa were unpleasant in the extreme ; a war-ravaged land in tropical summer heat , with all the squalor of collapsing French colonial administration , disease and boredom .
it was indeed true that many of the camps of the eighth and first armies in french north africa were unpleasant in the extreme ; a war-ravaged land in tropical summer heat , with all the squalor of collapsing french colonial [people in charge] , disease and boredom .

Now , by a quirk of history , the machinery for carrying out such schemes of training in drama was not to be found in normal educational administration , but in the huge network of social services administered by the National Council of Social Services , a voluntary body financed by Carnegie Trust which since 1919 had co-ordinated the work of various national organisations such as the Village Drama Society , County Rural Community Councils , British Drama League , the Federation of Women 's Institutes , the National Association of Boys ' Clubs , Townswomen 's Guilds , the Workers ' Educational Association , County Youth Committees , the Standing Conference of Drama Associations and Hull University 's Extra-Mural Department , the only university to take interest in Community Drama .
now , by a quirk of history , the machinery for carrying out such schemes of training in drama was not to be found in normal educational [people in charge] , but in the huge network of social services administered by the national council of social services , a voluntary body financed by carnegie trust which since 1919 had co-ordinated the work of various national organisations such as the village drama society , county rural community councils , british drama league , the federation of women 's institutes , the national association of boys ' clubs , townswomen 's guilds , the workers ' educational association , county youth committees , the standing conference of drama associations and hull university 's extra-mural department , the only university to take interest in community drama .

We are helping to improve public administration and the legal system in a number of countries .
we are helping to improve public [people in charge] and the legal system in a number of countries .

The Scheme will be under the administration of the Committee .
the scheme will be under the [people in charge] of the committee .

This avoids any delays involved in waiting for Letters of Administration and Grant of Probate .
this avoids any delays involved in waiting for letters of [people in charge] and grant of probate .

and save you much time and problems on administration .
and save you much time and problems on [people in charge] .

Invoice Discounting offers many of the advantages of Factoring , the main difference being that Barclays does not provide sales ledger administration , credit management , or debt collection , which remain your responsibility .
invoice discounting offers many of the advantages of factoring , the main difference being that barclays does not provide sales ledger [people in charge] , credit management , or debt collection , which remain your responsibility .

Despite our growth our financial problems became acute when we bought a computer , we needed to handle all our administration , and began running up against our overdraft limit .
despite our growth our financial problems became acute when we bought a computer , we needed to handle all our [people in charge] , and began running up against our overdraft limit .

Each season offers a wide range of courses or projects in theatre , dance , music , drama , lighting , sound , video , backstage work and administration .
each season offers a wide range of courses or projects in theatre , dance , music , drama , lighting , sound , video , backstage work and [people in charge] .

During Mrs Thatcher 's administration , troops have found themselves involved in five industrial disputes  to operate prisons in 1980/81 , to drive ambulances in 1981 and 1982 , to cover for civil servants during a dispute at the Coulport submarine base in 1981 , and to help with car parking during the rail strike of 1982 .
during mrs thatcher 's [people in charge] , troops have found themselves involved in five industrial disputes  to operate prisons in 1980/81 , to drive ambulances in 1981 and 1982 , to cover for civil servants during a dispute at the coulport submarine base in 1981 , and to help with car parking during the rail strike of 1982 .

During Mrs Thatcher 's administration , troops have found themselves involved in five industrial disputes  to operate prisons in 1980/81 , to drive ambulances in 1981 and 1982 , to cover for civil servants during a dispute at the Coulport submarine base in 1981 , and to help with car parking during the rail strike of 1982 .
during mrs thatcher 's [people in charge] , troops have found themselves involved in five industrial disputes  to operate prisons in 1980/81 , to drive ambulances in 1981 and 1982 , to cover for civil servants during a dispute at the coulport submarine base in 1981 , and to help with car parking during the rail strike of 1982 .

The building was purchased by a local clothing manufacturer to provide a family dwelling and a small office for the administration of his company .
the building was purchased by a local clothing manufacturer to provide a family dwelling and a small office for the [people in charge] of his company .

He would be a university lecturer , responsible far lecturing perhaps once a week ; a Fellow of Magdalen , involved in the administration of the College ; and , perhaps most importantly , a college tutor .
he would be a university lecturer , responsible far lecturing perhaps once a week ; a fellow of magdalen , involved in the [people in charge] of the college ; and , perhaps most importantly , a college tutor .

Mr Muawad has said nothing about the composition of his cabinet , but is expected to include Mr Selim el-Hoss , Prime Minister in a rival administration to Gen Aoun .
mr muawad has said nothing about the composition of his cabinet , but is expected to include mr selim el-hoss , prime minister in a rival [people in charge] to gen aoun .

At a press conference yesterday , an ebullient and seemingly confident Gen Aoun reiterated that there was  no president  in Lebanon , only a  dissolved parliament  , and that he headed the  only legal , sovereign and independent  administration .
at a press conference yesterday , an ebullient and seemingly confident gen aoun reiterated that there was  no president  in lebanon , only a  dissolved parliament  , and that he headed the  only legal , sovereign and independent  [people in charge] .

The Bush Administration has been extremely cautious in its relations with Iran , which has consistently denied that it controls the hostages ' fate .
the bush [people in charge] has been extremely cautious in its relations with iran , which has consistently denied that it controls the hostages ' fate .

How lucky they were to have the English language , for instance , plus the system of law and public administration .
how lucky they were to have the english language , for instance , plus the system of law and public [people in charge] .

Not only does it meet his own policy expectations but it does so in language supplied by Mr Greenspan in congressional testimony which would allow Mr Greenspan to run rings around his Administration critics .
not only does it meet his own policy expectations but it does so in language supplied by mr greenspan in congressional testimony which would allow mr greenspan to run rings around his [people in charge] critics .

Law : Review of administration in Court of Appeal Civil Division
law : review of [people in charge] in court of appeal civil division

Lord Donaldson gave the seventh annual review of the organisation and administration of the Civil Division of the Court of Appeal , on 12 October 1989 .
lord donaldson gave the seventh annual review of the organisation and [people in charge] of the civil division of the court of appeal , on 12 october 1989 .

In recognition of the general interest in avoiding the disruptive effect of such proceedings on the public administration no one could apply for judicial review unless they had successfully applied ex parte for leave .
in recognition of the general interest in avoiding the disruptive effect of such proceedings on the public [people in charge] no one could apply for judicial review unless they had successfully applied ex parte for leave .

Within the administration the new line is reportedly known as  the President 's snatch policy  .
within the [people in charge] the new line is reportedly known as  the president 's snatch policy  .

The  snatch policy  overturns a Carter administration edict , to which it is diametrically opposed .
the  snatch policy  overturns a carter [people in charge] edict , to which it is diametrically opposed .

Anderson was one of the few members of the British colonial administration who , remaining in Africa after British colonialism retreated , made a successful transition to serving the independent governments of the continent .
anderson was one of the few members of the british colonial [people in charge] who , remaining in africa after british colonialism retreated , made a successful transition to serving the independent governments of the continent .

He was responsible for a major reform of Government administration , including a new public service act , which helped to facilitate the rapid localisation of the civil service .
he was responsible for a major reform of government [people in charge] , including a new public service act , which helped to facilitate the rapid localisation of the civil service .

These reforms made a major contribution to the stability of independent Tanzania 's administration .
these reforms made a major contribution to the stability of independent tanzania 's [people in charge] .

Those demands were voiced repeatedly in the successive military rebellions that dogged President Alfonsin 's administration as dissatisfied military officers refused to accept the judgements that civil society attempted to impose on their conduct in the dictatorship .
those demands were voiced repeatedly in the successive military rebellions that dogged president alfonsin 's [people in charge] as dissatisfied military officers refused to accept the judgements that civil society attempted to impose on their conduct in the dictatorship .

These men were taste-makers , whose judgements were important ; but the time available to them for writing was limited by the demands of negotiation and administration , so that they tended to write essays more than books , catalogue entries rather than articles .
these men were taste-makers , whose judgements were important ; but the time available to them for writing was limited by the demands of negotiation and [people in charge] , so that they tended to write essays more than books , catalogue entries rather than articles .

The object of this rather clumsy piece of administration is to place some check on the expenditure of local money on the arts  and also to provide a further checkpoint on students who have already received educational grants for other careers .
the object of this rather clumsy piece of [people in charge] is to place some check on the expenditure of local money on the arts  and also to provide a further checkpoint on students who have already received educational grants for other careers .

As a party , it really only exercised a modicum of power in relation to the Stormont administration .
as a party , it really only exercised a modicum of power in relation to the stormont [people in charge] .

 Castle catholics  , those who found a place in the Stormont administration and developed a stake in the union , have also voted alliance , but are probably now , in 1989 , switching their allegiance to the newly found conservative associations , which are seeking to bring British party loyalties to Ulster .
 castle catholics  , those who found a place in the stormont [people in charge] and developed a stake in the union , have also voted alliance , but are probably now , in 1989 , switching their allegiance to the newly found conservative associations , which are seeking to bring british party loyalties to ulster .

In a detailed study of the Stormont archives , Bew , Gibbon , and Patterson ( 1979 ) have shown that there were indeed different currents within the Stormont administration but the ones which predominated belonged to those among the ruling protestant classes who were bent on preservation of the status quo for their own purposes , including their own dominance of the protestant alliance as well as their particular sectional interests .
in a detailed study of the stormont archives , bew , gibbon , and patterson ( 1979 ) have shown that there were indeed different currents within the stormont [people in charge] but the ones which predominated belonged to those among the ruling protestant classes who were bent on preservation of the status quo for their own purposes , including their own dominance of the protestant alliance as well as their particular sectional interests .

However , when Stormont was abolished in 1972 and central government took over entirely the responsibility for local administration , it adopted the technocratic , non-policy making approach to its new role .
however , when stormont was abolished in 1972 and central government took over entirely the responsibility for local [people in charge] , it adopted the technocratic , non-policy making approach to its new role .

An adoption bill eventually became law two years later , in 1952 , under the next administration . Mr Casey and the archbishop were judged to have followed a conservative catholic viewpoint and the
an adoption bill eventually became law two years later , in 1952 , under the next [people in charge] . mr casey and the archbishop were judged to have followed a conservative catholic viewpoint and the

The magazine 's line on such matters would also appear to be remote from , and distinctly harder than , that taken in its dying days by the Reagan Administration .
the magazine 's line on such matters would also appear to be remote from , and distinctly harder than , that taken in its dying days by the reagan [people in charge] .

Until this time , the mainstay of treatment for syphilis had been mercury in some form or other , either by internal administration or in the form of unctions .
until this time , the mainstay of treatment for syphilis had been mercury in some form or other , either by internal [people in charge] or in the form of unctions .

The World Health Organization took over the administration of this agreement in 1947 , and has continued , since then , to advise on suitable antibiotics for treatment , and methods to be used in the blood tests for syphilis .
the world health organization took over the [people in charge] of this agreement in 1947 , and has continued , since then , to advise on suitable antibiotics for treatment , and methods to be used in the blood tests for syphilis .

He is still able to assist with the production of the station magazine and is responsible for the administration of the Hospital 's Amenity Fund .
he is still able to assist with the production of the station magazine and is responsible for the [people in charge] of the hospital 's amenity fund .

Some tumours grow if oestrogens are present , and others are checked by their administration .
some tumours grow if oestrogens are present , and others are checked by their [people in charge] .

Not surprisingly the threat of library dissolutions , especially those which librarians were claiming had been forced on them by government cut-backs , failed to get an immediate response from Mrs Thatcher 's administration .
not surprisingly the threat of library dissolutions , especially those which librarians were claiming had been forced on them by government cut-backs , failed to get an immediate response from mrs thatcher 's [people in charge] .

The modern equivalent of the long war is the burden of the armaments race and the un-English bureaucracy , a legacy of two world wars , that still stifles the country despite a decade of Mrs Thatcher 's administration .
the modern equivalent of the long war is the burden of the armaments race and the un-english bureaucracy , a legacy of two world wars , that still stifles the country despite a decade of mrs thatcher 's [people in charge] .

For them , this adamant position on the part of the dominant faction in the American administration exposed the complete lack of any desire for a peaceful negotiated solution to the conflict in the Middle East .
for them , this adamant position on the part of the dominant faction in the american [people in charge] exposed the complete lack of any desire for a peaceful negotiated solution to the conflict in the middle east .

The world is changing fast before our eyes , while the Bush Administration stands transfixed , unable or unwilling to respond to Gorbachev 's reforms .
the world is changing fast before our eyes , while the bush [people in charge] stands transfixed , unable or unwilling to respond to gorbachev 's reforms .

However , Mr Ridley said the Government disagreed with the five main findings of Sir Anthony Barrowclough , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , whose 170-page report was released yesterday after a 13-month investigation .
however , mr ridley said the government disagreed with the five main findings of sir anthony barrowclough , the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] , whose 170-page report was released yesterday after a 13-month investigation .

But according to several Washington commentators and analysts , in sending senior aides to China , Mr Bush may have signalled that the Administration gave priority to continuity in relations over moral outrage , and thus helped to shore up the repressive Beijing regime .
but according to several washington commentators and analysts , in sending senior aides to china , mr bush may have signalled that the [people in charge] gave priority to continuity in relations over moral outrage , and thus helped to shore up the repressive beijing regime .

 It is one of our priorities to adjust the work of the Interior Ministry to the new social conditions and turn this ministry into a component of state administration based on democratic principles  As of today the operations of the police force in the field of internal intelligence have been stopped ,  Mr Calfa said .
 it is one of our priorities to adjust the work of the interior ministry to the new social conditions and turn this ministry into a component of state [people in charge] based on democratic principles  as of today the operations of the police force in the field of internal intelligence have been stopped ,  mr calfa said .

By contrast , the Reagan Administration justified its invasion of Grenada by pointing to the danger faced by a small group of American medical students , a rationale that was rebutted by international law bodies .
by contrast , the reagan [people in charge] justified its invasion of grenada by pointing to the danger faced by a small group of american medical students , a rationale that was rebutted by international law bodies .

Mr Ryzhkov also ruled out rationing of food and basic goods with other products available on the free market , saying rationing was a return to centralised administration , and contradicted the notion of reform .
mr ryzhkov also ruled out rationing of food and basic goods with other products available on the free market , saying rationing was a return to centralised [people in charge] , and contradicted the notion of reform .

Such a trial , however , could well prove to be a double-edged sword for the administration , since the general once boasted that he possessed information that would prove highly embarrassing to President Bush .
such a trial , however , could well prove to be a double-edged sword for the [people in charge] , since the general once boasted that he possessed information that would prove highly embarrassing to president bush .

But all was forgiven when the Reagan Administration came to power .
but all was forgiven when the reagan [people in charge] came to power .

But the guerrilla leadership now says the council will serve as an interim administration .
but the guerrilla leadership now says the council will serve as an interim [people in charge] .

Banks wish paper-based administration to be completely electronic releasing back-office staff to become front office  sales people .
banks wish paper-based [people in charge] to be completely electronic releasing back-office staff to become front office  sales people .

In November 1983 , a registrar ordered the grant of letters of administration to the three solicitors to be rendered null and void and Thomas thought the case was over .
in november 1983 , a registrar ordered the grant of letters of [people in charge] to the three solicitors to be rendered null and void and thomas thought the case was over .

Because one of President Nicolae Ceausescu 's many titles is that of chairman of the National Defence Council , and his brother , General Ilie Ceausescu , is head of political administration for the forces , the loyalty of the high command may not be in doubt , but morale in the ranks is low .
because one of president nicolae ceausescu 's many titles is that of chairman of the national defence council , and his brother , general ilie ceausescu , is head of political [people in charge] for the forces , the loyalty of the high command may not be in doubt , but morale in the ranks is low .

If the students of Lincoln were right in thinking that he was not a good administrator , this church had less administration than any church in the land .
if the students of lincoln were right in thinking that he was not a good administrator , this church had less [people in charge] than any church in the land .

He found that the canonry and the cathedral , and the administration in the university , took up a lot of time .
he found that the canonry and the cathedral , and the [people in charge] in the university , took up a lot of time .

He did not think that Ramsey would be interested in the load of administration which he would have to carry .
he did not think that ramsey would be interested in the load of [people in charge] which he would have to carry .

Willink as a lawyer had a lot to do with the administration of the Church and saw the argument that an archbishop must be able to bear a load of administration .
willink as a lawyer had a lot to do with the [people in charge] of the church and saw the argument that an archbishop must be able to bear a load of [people in charge] .

The proposal was that His Majesty would invite certain individuals as individuals to take upon their shoulders the burden of carrying on the Government and Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Samuel ( sic ) had stated that they were prepared to act accordingly  the Administration would not exist for a period longer than was necessary to dispose of the emergency , and when that purpose was achieved the political parties would resume their respective positions .
the proposal was that his majesty would invite certain individuals as individuals to take upon their shoulders the burden of carrying on the government and mr. baldwin and mr. samuel ( sic ) had stated that they were prepared to act accordingly  the [people in charge] would not exist for a period longer than was necessary to dispose of the emergency , and when that purpose was achieved the political parties would resume their respective positions .

The Administration would not be a Coalition Government in the usual sense of the term , but a Government of co-operation for this one purpose .
the [people in charge] would not be a coalition government in the usual sense of the term , but a government of co-operation for this one purpose .

he became a second permanent secretary in the Department of the Environment during Edward Heath 's administration .
he became a second permanent secretary in the department of the environment during edward heath 's [people in charge] .

He must be critical of himself  and others  since in a changing world he must constantly be questioning his methods , his direction and the administration of his responsibilities .
he must be critical of himself  and others  since in a changing world he must constantly be questioning his methods , his direction and the [people in charge] of his responsibilities .

 When the late Conservative administration did its sums at the end of 1963 it found that its future programme worked out at an annual rate of increase of 4.1 per cent .
 when the late conservative [people in charge] did its sums at the end of 1963 it found that its future programme worked out at an annual rate of increase of 4.1 per cent .

It was no good the Prime Minister telling the Bangladeshis last week that the making and administration of the laws of this country is our own business .
it was no good the prime minister telling the bangladeshis last week that the making and [people in charge] of the laws of this country is our own business .

However , if we do not like being judged by an external tribunal , if we do not like our citizens being interrogated by foreign judges about acts committed in the United Kingdom , if we do not like our Acts of Parliament and our internal administration being scrupulously picked over by a European Commission , if we do not like the relations between the Crown and its possessions being altered over our heads , the remedy is in our own hands .
however , if we do not like being judged by an external tribunal , if we do not like our citizens being interrogated by foreign judges about acts committed in the united kingdom , if we do not like our acts of parliament and our internal [people in charge] being scrupulously picked over by a european commission , if we do not like the relations between the crown and its possessions being altered over our heads , the remedy is in our own hands .

Those who created nuclear physics were as innocent of ulterior motivation as those who distilled a knowledge of the administration and society of ancient Egypt and Assyria from cuneiform inscriptions or Greek papyri .
those who created nuclear physics were as innocent of ulterior motivation as those who distilled a knowledge of the [people in charge] and society of ancient egypt and assyria from cuneiform inscriptions or greek papyri .

The story of how the Birmingham radical , turned  unionist  in the United Kingdom context , became Colonial Secretary in a Tory administration is well remembered .
the story of how the birmingham radical , turned  unionist  in the united kingdom context , became colonial secretary in a tory [people in charge] is well remembered .

Political propaganda on the part of the American Relief Administration , by far the longest foreign source of aid , warped its judgement at the time , and the subsequent polarization of Russian-American relations has not improved the objectivity of later scholarly accounts of the Famine as seen through American eyes .
political propaganda on the part of the american relief [people in charge] , by far the longest foreign source of aid , warped its judgement at the time , and the subsequent polarization of russian-american relations has not improved the objectivity of later scholarly accounts of the famine as seen through american eyes .

On 22 April the American Relief Administration wanted to clear a shipment to Patriarch Tikhon for him to distribute at his discretion .
on 22 april the american relief [people in charge] wanted to clear a shipment to patriarch tikhon for him to distribute at his discretion .

In one sense international or even civil war had less disturbing effects on central administration , since the ' had more clearly defined fronts than those of the Famine .
in one sense international or even civil war had less disturbing effects on central [people in charge] , since the ' had more clearly defined fronts than those of the famine .

Moving for the first time in this book to Moscow and central administration , we find that from 18 July 1921 , the Central Commission for the Relief of the Starving ( Pomgol ) was in charge of the Famine programme .
moving for the first time in this book to moscow and central [people in charge] , we find that from 18 july 1921 , the central commission for the relief of the starving ( pomgol ) was in charge of the famine programme .

The administration of the Famine was divided into two distinct parts by VTsIK .
the [people in charge] of the famine was divided into two distinct parts by vtsik .

At the top of the hierarchy were the civil service employees in the administration headquarters of the different branches and in Moscow .
at the top of the hierarchy were the civil service employees in the [people in charge] headquarters of the different branches and in moscow .

The initial deleterious effects of cost accounting struck the press as badly as they upset the railways , education , local Soviet administration , and trade .
the initial deleterious effects of cost accounting struck the press as badly as they upset the railways , education , local soviet [people in charge] , and trade .

For nearly two hours he worked his way through his agenda , more administration and finance today than scientific exploration .
for nearly two hours he worked his way through his agenda , more [people in charge] and finance today than scientific exploration .

Administration and collection
[people in charge] and collection

Later on in their career , musicians may decide to form their own publishing company and to seek only the administration services of a large corporate publisher .
later on in their career , musicians may decide to form their own publishing company and to seek only the [people in charge] services of a large corporate publisher .

Various other costs such as administration , legal accountancy fees , as well as paying off any debts of the individual band members , could all amount to a further 20,000 .
various other costs such as [people in charge] , legal accountancy fees , as well as paying off any debts of the individual band members , could all amount to a further 20,000 .

There the Belgian administration developed a system of  paysannats  based on a crop rotation with n specially demarcated strips .
there the belgian [people in charge] developed a system of  paysannats  based on a crop rotation with n specially demarcated strips .

Welfare expenditure was up by 78,842 ( 8.6 % ) ; Air Mail costs by 24,470 ( 16.6 % ) ; administration and publicity by 17,132 ( 2.6 % ) and Annual Conference by 5,202 ( 11.6 % ) .
welfare expenditure was up by 78,842 ( 8.6 % ) ; air mail costs by 24,470 ( 16.6 % ) ; [people in charge] and publicity by 17,132 ( 2.6 % ) and annual conference by 5,202 ( 11.6 % ) .

Our buying power with major hotel chains means that we can put together an excellent package , complete with rail and coach fares , and we also look after all the administration of the holiday .
our buying power with major hotel chains means that we can put together an excellent package , complete with rail and coach fares , and we also look after all the [people in charge] of the holiday .

The main new initiative attempted by Callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former Cabinet minister , Cledwyn Hughes , to southern Africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the Carter administration in Washington on relations with the illegal Smith regime .
the main new initiative attempted by callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former cabinet minister , cledwyn hughes , to southern africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the carter [people in charge] in washington on relations with the illegal smith regime .

The return of a Fianna Fil government under Jack Lynch meant something of a decline in Anglo-Irish cordiality or willingness to collaborate in security matters , while the end of the constitutional assembly in early 1977 had removed any prospect of finding any viable Ulster administration to modify the picture of direct rule from Westminster .
the return of a fianna fil government under jack lynch meant something of a decline in anglo-irish cordiality or willingness to collaborate in security matters , while the end of the constitutional assembly in early 1977 had removed any prospect of finding any viable ulster [people in charge] to modify the picture of direct rule from westminster .

In their stead came a new intermediate breed of service operatives working in administration , in finance , or in the professions .
in their stead came a new intermediate breed of service operatives working in [people in charge] , in finance , or in the professions .

In fact , her first administration down to June 1983 showed the impact of Thatcherite policies to be somewhat muted , with even so single-minded a Prime Minister apparently lacking in direction .
in fact , her first [people in charge] down to june 1983 showed the impact of thatcherite policies to be somewhat muted , with even so single-minded a prime minister apparently lacking in direction .

The arguments within the Thatcher administration went on apace over whether to swing the axe fiercely into public spending in the winter of 19801 , with ministers like Prior , Pym , Walker , and Carrington arguing the case for maintaining public expenditure and investment , monetarists outside the government like Alan Budd urging far more stringent monetary restraint , and Sir Geoffrey Howe at the Treasury buffeted about in between .
the arguments within the thatcher [people in charge] went on apace over whether to swing the axe fiercely into public spending in the winter of 19801 , with ministers like prior , pym , walker , and carrington arguing the case for maintaining public expenditure and investment , monetarists outside the government like alan budd urging far more stringent monetary restraint , and sir geoffrey howe at the treasury buffeted about in between .

The relative caution of her first administration was equally confirmed in industrial and social policy .
the relative caution of her first [people in charge] was equally confirmed in industrial and social policy .

Although Asquith ( Prime Minister 1908  16 ) exaggerated when he said ,  The office of the Prime Minister is what its holder chooses and is able to make of it  , the personality of a Prime Minister may give a distinctive character to his or her administration .
although asquith ( prime minister 1908  16 ) exaggerated when he said ,  the office of the prime minister is what its holder chooses and is able to make of it  , the personality of a prime minister may give a distinctive character to his or her [people in charge] .

One sceptical commentator has reacted against the idea of there being something called  Thatcherism  , by claiming that  both opponents and supporters of the administration have created more of a pattern from disconnected events and policies than is warranted  .
one sceptical commentator has reacted against the idea of there being something called  thatcherism  , by claiming that  both opponents and supporters of the [people in charge] have created more of a pattern from disconnected events and policies than is warranted  .

According to a disappointed editorial in The Economist ( 15 June 1985 ) history would judge the Thatcher government as only an averagely wet Tory administration ' .
according to a disappointed editorial in the economist ( 15 june 1985 ) history would judge the thatcher government as only an averagely wet tory [people in charge] ' .

The controversy surrounding the overall record of the Thatcher administration suggests that it has had a major impact .
the controversy surrounding the overall record of the thatcher [people in charge] suggests that it has had a major impact .

The case of the 1979  83 administration seems to support Richard Rose s claims about the weakness of party government .
the case of the 1979  83 [people in charge] seems to support richard rose s claims about the weakness of party government .

Marcos loyalists now poke fun at the Aquino administration 's boast that it has built a new stability , arguing it is pretty fragile if it wo n't allow a dead man home for burial .
marcos loyalists now poke fun at the aquino [people in charge] 's boast that it has built a new stability , arguing it is pretty fragile if it wo n't allow a dead man home for burial .

Conservative Central Office will be able to make much of the suggestion that , under a Labour administration , secondary picketing would once again be lawful , that unions which ignored the courts would no longer face the possibility of sequestration and that it would not be possible for employers or other interested parties to apply for interim injunctions postponing precipitate strikes .
conservative central office will be able to make much of the suggestion that , under a labour [people in charge] , secondary picketing would once again be lawful , that unions which ignored the courts would no longer face the possibility of sequestration and that it would not be possible for employers or other interested parties to apply for interim injunctions postponing precipitate strikes .

The university was the birthplace of the first serious protests against reports of increasing corruption in Mr Mugabe 's nine-year-old administration , when students clashed with riot police .
the university was the birthplace of the first serious protests against reports of increasing corruption in mr mugabe 's nine-year-old [people in charge] , when students clashed with riot police .

Earlier , Mr Cheney appeared on television to rebut criticism of the Bush administration 's actions  or inactions  during the coup .
earlier , mr cheney appeared on television to rebut criticism of the bush [people in charge] 's actions  or inactions  during the coup .

The incident has become deeply embarrassing for the Bush administration , precisely because of its caution .
the incident has become deeply embarrassing for the bush [people in charge] , precisely because of its caution .

Comparisons were made with the Reagan administration 's more robust attitude during the Grenada invasion and Libya bombing raid in 1984 and 1986 .
comparisons were made with the reagan [people in charge] 's more robust attitude during the grenada invasion and libya bombing raid in 1984 and 1986 .

Low payers were public administration , wholesale distribution , metal manufacture and mechanical engineering .
low payers were public [people in charge] , wholesale distribution , metal manufacture and mechanical engineering .

The theme he hammered in yesterday 's speech was that here was an administration increasingly losing its grip , its miracles turning to dross , the  Thatcher Revolution  shown up as a fraud .
the theme he hammered in yesterday 's speech was that here was an [people in charge] increasingly losing its grip , its miracles turning to dross , the  thatcher revolution  shown up as a fraud .

Moreover , to predict that an incoming Labour government would surely be faced with a mess far greater than any previous inheritance by a new administration is a double-edged weapon .
moreover , to predict that an incoming labour government would surely be faced with a mess far greater than any previous inheritance by a new [people in charge] is a double-edged weapon .

He has no reason to fear the imminent collapse either of his administration or his country .
he has no reason to fear the imminent collapse either of his [people in charge] or his country .

Equally , an electoral victory by Mr Tekere would have presented no particular problems to an administration whose members dominate Parliament .
equally , an electoral victory by mr tekere would have presented no particular problems to an [people in charge] whose members dominate parliament .

In general , Highlander have found that it is unwise to place too much reliance on Government funding for support , subject as it is to political whim and shifts of policy of the administration .
in general , highlander have found that it is unwise to place too much reliance on government funding for support , subject as it is to political whim and shifts of policy of the [people in charge] .

In addition , Cambridgeshire ( 10 ) , Hertfordshire ( 45 ) , Norfolk ( 40 ) and Northamptonshire ( 30 ) contributed the sums within brackets exclusively to aid District administration of classes and courses .
in addition , cambridgeshire ( 10 ) , hertfordshire ( 45 ) , norfolk ( 40 ) and northamptonshire ( 30 ) contributed the sums within brackets exclusively to aid district [people in charge] of classes and courses .

By 1711 , the Tory party had toppled Godolphin 's ministry and the new administration secured peace at Utrecht , in 1713 .
by 1711 , the tory party had toppled godolphin 's ministry and the new [people in charge] secured peace at utrecht , in 1713 .

Benjamin Disraeli became Prime Minister of the British Parliament in 1874 and remained in that office until 1880 It was during his administration that Britain purchased a major holding of the shares of the Suez Canal Company
benjamin disraeli became prime minister of the british parliament in 1874 and remained in that office until 1880 it was during his [people in charge] that britain purchased a major holding of the shares of the suez canal company

In Italy , a general strike in May 1922 , enabled Mussolini 's Fascists to drive the Communist Administration of Bologna out of office , and later that year , Mussolini unseated the government and handed over the administration to the King and the Army , which left the Italian King with little alternative but to ask Mussolini to form a new government , which was sworn-in on 31st .
in italy , a general strike in may 1922 , enabled mussolini 's fascists to drive the communist [people in charge] of bologna out of office , and later that year , mussolini unseated the government and handed over the [people in charge] to the king and the army , which left the italian king with little alternative but to ask mussolini to form a new government , which was sworn-in on 31st .

There was considerable farmer involvement in the decision-making and administration of the co-operatives and this , allied to good management , ensured a firm control .
there was considerable farmer involvement in the decision-making and [people in charge] of the co-operatives and this , allied to good management , ensured a firm control .

Farmer Input : a payment of 6-7 per farm plus 1.25-1.50 per arable acre per year for general administration ; a list of all machinery ( make and year of manufacture ) that he is willing to  hire out  to the machinery group .
farmer input : a payment of 6-7 per farm plus 1.25-1.50 per arable acre per year for general [people in charge] ; a list of all machinery ( make and year of manufacture ) that he is willing to  hire out  to the machinery group .

The chaos in Afghanistan may sound the death knell for the United Nations peace plan , which hoped to effect a smooth transition to an interim administration .
the chaos in afghanistan may sound the death knell for the united nations peace plan , which hoped to effect a smooth transition to an interim [people in charge] .

He addressed more than 100 businessmen studying for a Master of Arts Business Administration exam .
he addressed more than 100 businessmen studying for a master of arts business [people in charge] exam .

It seems clear to us that all of the above criteria will be enhanced or negated by the way in which the change agent or the action system reacts to participation : what stereotypes do they have of client representatives ? do they believe in participation ? what expectations do they have of participation and client representatives ? Similarly , parallel questions will be asked of the participants , for the clients also bring expectations and stereotypes ( of the workers , administration , etc. and of their fellow clients ) to participation , as well as a wide gamut of often conflicting ideologies .
it seems clear to us that all of the above criteria will be enhanced or negated by the way in which the change agent or the action system reacts to participation : what stereotypes do they have of client representatives ? do they believe in participation ? what expectations do they have of participation and client representatives ? similarly , parallel questions will be asked of the participants , for the clients also bring expectations and stereotypes ( of the workers , [people in charge] , etc. and of their fellow clients ) to participation , as well as a wide gamut of often conflicting ideologies .

Administration , Political and Administrative Establishment  within the change agent system and in the larger systems of which the change agent system is a sub-system , for example politicians and bureaucrats in local or national government within which the change agent system is located ;
[people in charge] , political and administrative establishment  within the change agent system and in the larger systems of which the change agent system is a sub-system , for example politicians and bureaucrats in local or national government within which the change agent system is located ;

The administration and the external political and administrative establishment may see participation as a political end in itself , as well as a means to building coalitions for the political good of their establishment .
the [people in charge] and the external political and administrative establishment may see participation as a political end in itself , as well as a means to building coalitions for the political good of their establishment .

Attempts to establish quantifiable and scientific criteria as the basis for identifying geographical areas requiring assistance and for developing policy stem from the centralist philosophy of government and the sectoralisation of technology and administration .
attempts to establish quantifiable and scientific criteria as the basis for identifying geographical areas requiring assistance and for developing policy stem from the centralist philosophy of government and the sectoralisation of technology and [people in charge] .

In some areas this powerful minority may be identified as being the local administration .
in some areas this powerful minority may be identified as being the local [people in charge] .

The vertical institutions of administration , control and planning need to be flexible and efficient , and adequate horizontal linkages able to exploit the resources and services of the vertical system are essential .
the vertical institutions of [people in charge] , control and planning need to be flexible and efficient , and adequate horizontal linkages able to exploit the resources and services of the vertical system are essential .

Two to three hours after oral or intravenous administration it is often present in tissues and body fluids at concentrations several times higher than in serum .
two to three hours after oral or intravenous [people in charge] it is often present in tissues and body fluids at concentrations several times higher than in serum .

The serum half-life is between three and five hours after either form of administration .
the serum half-life is between three and five hours after either form of [people in charge] .

His astonishing capabilities in the arts and sciences , martial skills and campaigns , statesmanship and administration , were simply reflected by his sexual life .
his astonishing capabilities in the arts and sciences , martial skills and campaigns , statesmanship and [people in charge] , were simply reflected by his sexual life .

The  volte-face  over synfuels was emphasised in May 1984 by the Reagan Administration 's plans to ask Congress to dock some $ 8 billion from the $ 14 billion in aid available to help proposed synthetic fuel plants .
the  volte-face  over synfuels was emphasised in may 1984 by the reagan [people in charge] 's plans to ask congress to dock some $ 8 billion from the $ 14 billion in aid available to help proposed synthetic fuel plants .

The costs of defence and administration are heavy , and the scale of social services is large for a fairly poor country .
the costs of defence and [people in charge] are heavy , and the scale of social services is large for a fairly poor country .

The table shows the unusually large share of social product used for national defence and administration .
the table shows the unusually large share of social product used for national defence and [people in charge] .

Federal expenditure on administration was 48 billion dinars , and , apart from the grants to the republics and provinces of 60 billion dinars , only 19 billion dinars was used for other purposes .
federal expenditure on [people in charge] was 48 billion dinars , and , apart from the grants to the republics and provinces of 60 billion dinars , only 19 billion dinars was used for other purposes .

Although expenditure on administration by the federal government appears to be modest , total expenditure on this item by all government and semi-government agencies is considerable .
although expenditure on [people in charge] by the federal government appears to be modest , total expenditure on this item by all government and semi-government agencies is considerable .

In 1985 , total expenditure on defence and administration was 863 billion dinars , of which defence expenditure by the federal government was 460 billion dinars .
in 1985 , total expenditure on defence and [people in charge] was 863 billion dinars , of which defence expenditure by the federal government was 460 billion dinars .

This implies that the cost of administration was 403 billion dinars .
this implies that the cost of [people in charge] was 403 billion dinars .

Since federal expenditure on administration was only 48 billion dinars , expenditure on this item by all other agencies appears to have been 355 billion dinars , or about 3.8 per cent of adjusted social product in that year .
since federal expenditure on [people in charge] was only 48 billion dinars , expenditure on this item by all other agencies appears to have been 355 billion dinars , or about 3.8 per cent of adjusted social product in that year .

Gedge , with help from Debbie Kaye , did most of the band 's administration and had an unquenchable thirst for hard work .
gedge , with help from debbie kaye , did most of the band 's [people in charge] and had an unquenchable thirst for hard work .

Charman , whose address was printed on  Once More  and  This Boy Can Wait  dealt mainly with the administration of releasing a record by another Leeds band , Cud , called ,  You 're The Boss  . It was preceded by a single from The Wedding Present 's long-standing friends , This Poison !
charman , whose address was printed on  once more  and  this boy can wait  dealt mainly with the [people in charge] of releasing a record by another leeds band , cud , called ,  you 're the boss  . it was preceded by a single from the wedding present 's long-standing friends , this poison !

The Dutch administration had long seen the need for consular representation in Jedda , the port of Mecca , where the security , health and transport of large numbers of Indonesian pilgrims could be supervised by the Batavian authorities .
the dutch [people in charge] had long seen the need for consular representation in jedda , the port of mecca , where the security , health and transport of large numbers of indonesian pilgrims could be supervised by the batavian authorities .

This , he said , would clear the way for an interim repayment to the depositors , and although there were some small administration problems , he saw no reason why this should not be done in the  near future  .
this , he said , would clear the way for an interim repayment to the depositors , and although there were some small [people in charge] problems , he saw no reason why this should not be done in the  near future  .

This public backlash against the shoddy , callous and spivvy aspects of Mrs Thatcher 's administration does not derive from the sense of chronic economic crisis which infected the politics of the 1970s but , rather , is born of prosperity .
this public backlash against the shoddy , callous and spivvy aspects of mrs thatcher 's [people in charge] does not derive from the sense of chronic economic crisis which infected the politics of the 1970s but , rather , is born of prosperity .

Marta Silva Campos , municipal welfare secretary for Sao Paulo 's left-wing city administration , calculates that there are almost two million children living in such poverty that the streets offer an alternative .
marta silva campos , municipal welfare secretary for sao paulo 's left-wing city [people in charge] , calculates that there are almost two million children living in such poverty that the streets offer an alternative .

He declared :  There is no Soviet domination of eastern Europe , and there never will be under a Ford administration .
he declared :  there is no soviet domination of eastern europe , and there never will be under a ford [people in charge] .

Members of Congress and administration officials ought , in theory , to be wringing their hands this week ; most are shrugging their shoulders .
members of congress and [people in charge] officials ought , in theory , to be wringing their hands this week ; most are shrugging their shoulders .

Democratic leaders say the fact that the White House remains determined to pursue the capital gains cut suggests that the administration has lost interest in a steady , bipartisan campaign to reduce the deficit .
democratic leaders say the fact that the white house remains determined to pursue the capital gains cut suggests that the [people in charge] has lost interest in a steady , bipartisan campaign to reduce the deficit .

But many commentators believe that there are points of common interest between the government , the traffickers and the traditional ruling class , and that Mr Barco , a lame-duck president in the closing months of his administration , may no longer have the power within his own party to sustain his offensive .
but many commentators believe that there are points of common interest between the government , the traffickers and the traditional ruling class , and that mr barco , a lame-duck president in the closing months of his [people in charge] , may no longer have the power within his own party to sustain his offensive .

Where there is no capital punishment , however , the question of how many degrees of homicide it is desirable to have calls for careful weighing of the principle of fair labelling ( see Chapter 3.3 ( l ) ) against the cost and time arguments mobilised by the policy of efficient administration ( see Chapter 3.3 ( m ) ) .
where there is no capital punishment , however , the question of how many degrees of homicide it is desirable to have calls for careful weighing of the principle of fair labelling ( see chapter 3.3 ( l ) ) against the cost and time arguments mobilised by the policy of efficient [people in charge] ( see chapter 3.3 ( m ) ) .

However , this reasoning is not accepted in English law for non-homicide offences , and provocation is not generally allowed to reduce a more serious offence to a less serious offence  probably for reasons associated with the policy of efficient administration ( see Chapter 3.3 ( m ) ) , which the significance of death is thought to outweigh in homicide cases .
however , this reasoning is not accepted in english law for non-homicide offences , and provocation is not generally allowed to reduce a more serious offence to a less serious offence  probably for reasons associated with the policy of efficient [people in charge] ( see chapter 3.3 ( m ) ) , which the significance of death is thought to outweigh in homicide cases .

The Offences against the Person Act 1861 contains a number of crimes concerned with the administration of noxious or toxic substances .
the offences against the person act 1861 contains a number of crimes concerned with the [people in charge] of noxious or toxic substances .

Section 23 penalizes the intentional or reckless administration of any poison or noxious thing which results in danger to the victim 's life or grievous bodily harm ( maximum sentence of ten years ' imprisonment ) .
section 23 penalizes the intentional or reckless [people in charge] of any poison or noxious thing which results in danger to the victim 's life or grievous bodily harm ( maximum sentence of ten years ' imprisonment ) .

Section 24 penalizes the administration of any poison or noxious thing ,  with intent to injure , aggrieve or annoy the victim  ( maximum sentence of five years ) .
section 24 penalizes the [people in charge] of any poison or noxious thing ,  with intent to injure , aggrieve or annoy the victim  ( maximum sentence of five years ) .

There can be little doubt that the administration of criminal justice has paid insufficient attention to problems of sexual abuse over the years , and recent improvements in police procedures and in services for victims are to be welcomed .
there can be little doubt that the [people in charge] of criminal justice has paid insufficient attention to problems of sexual abuse over the years , and recent improvements in police procedures and in services for victims are to be welcomed .

Just as in Washington the favourite McCarthy taunt was that the administration was  soft on Communism  , so Mao would accuse him of being  so on imperialism  .
just as in washington the favourite mccarthy taunt was that the [people in charge] was  soft on communism  , so mao would accuse him of being  so on imperialism  .

French administration dies every year in the month of August when the civil servants go on holiday . Cows are not officially recorded in the month of August and the results for July and September are averaged  very useful 
french [people in charge] dies every year in the month of august when the civil servants go on holiday . cows are not officially recorded in the month of august and the results for july and september are averaged  very useful 

In Europe farm tourism is marketed with high quality materials and administration which Britain would do well to emulate .
in europe farm tourism is marketed with high quality materials and [people in charge] which britain would do well to emulate .

During its short period of administration , of less than ten months , it accomplished little of real importance  other than the passing of the Wheatley Housing Act which provided generous housing subsidies to both private and public builders and stimulated the council house building boom of the 1920s .
during its short period of [people in charge] , of less than ten months , it accomplished little of real importance  other than the passing of the wheatley housing act which provided generous housing subsidies to both private and public builders and stimulated the council house building boom of the 1920s .

Nevertheless , this particular Conservative administration did offer social policies which were designed both to indicate its commitment to dealing with social problems and to undermine the challenge of Labour . Indeed , according to Clement MacIntyre , the Conservative Party did change the orientation of its policies between 1922 and 1931 :
nevertheless , this particular conservative [people in charge] did offer social policies which were designed both to indicate its commitment to dealing with social problems and to undermine the challenge of labour . indeed , according to clement macintyre , the conservative party did change the orientation of its policies between 1922 and 1931 :

Baldwin suggested that there should be more working-class Conservative candidates , and began to consider and develop social policy within his 1924 to 1929 administration .
baldwin suggested that there should be more working-class conservative candidates , and began to consider and develop social policy within his 1924 to 1929 [people in charge] .

He spoke of  a new age , in which people can come together  , directed his administration to deal with the reorganization of pensions , housing , the improvements to maternity homes and the reorganization of the poor law .
he spoke of  a new age , in which people can come together  , directed his [people in charge] to deal with the reorganization of pensions , housing , the improvements to maternity homes and the reorganization of the poor law .

Yet there was always an element of complacency about an administration which enjoyed a substantial parliamentary majority .
yet there was always an element of complacency about an [people in charge] which enjoyed a substantial parliamentary majority .

This scheme effectively came into existence in Baldwin 's second administration with the formation of the Central Electricity Generating Board in 1926 .
this scheme effectively came into existence in baldwin 's second [people in charge] with the formation of the central electricity generating board in 1926 .

They were led in Parliament by a handful of quite senior Ministers ready to resign rather than go on serving in an administration they accused of appeasement to Hitler and downright obstinacy towards rearmament for defence .
they were led in parliament by a handful of quite senior ministers ready to resign rather than go on serving in an [people in charge] they accused of appeasement to hitler and downright obstinacy towards rearmament for defence .

Squires , parsons and magistrates were associated with tithes and the administration of the Poor Law , in an era when the workhouse represented many poor men 's idea of hell .
squires , parsons and magistrates were associated with tithes and the [people in charge] of the poor law , in an era when the workhouse represented many poor men 's idea of hell .

In her childhood her father was obliged to take a job , not in the colonial administration which would have been more or less acceptable , but as a manager of one of the Peruvian silver mines .
in her childhood her father was obliged to take a job , not in the colonial [people in charge] which would have been more or less acceptable , but as a manager of one of the peruvian silver mines .

The diversity of products in modern cleaning practice is part of a sophisticated answer to demands for lower costs and greater efficiency . This approach however is not without problems and to cope with them sophisticated administration systems are needed exercising controls in five main areas :
the diversity of products in modern cleaning practice is part of a sophisticated answer to demands for lower costs and greater efficiency . this approach however is not without problems and to cope with them sophisticated [people in charge] systems are needed exercising controls in five main areas :

At State level , there is simply no administration at all to carry out conservation , although at present State Soil Conservation Commissions are in the process of being formed .
at state level , there is simply no [people in charge] at all to carry out conservation , although at present state soil conservation commissions are in the process of being formed .

Furthermore , all the items on the check-list themselves , such as local participation , effective administration by government and consonance between conservation measures and existing agricultural and pastoral practice , require deep-seated political economic preconditions .
furthermore , all the items on the check-list themselves , such as local participation , effective [people in charge] by government and consonance between conservation measures and existing agricultural and pastoral practice , require deep-seated political economic preconditions .

This is particularly important in the ideological vacuum which was left by the retreat of empire from Africa and Asia where much soil conservation had been designed by colonial administration .
this is particularly important in the ideological vacuum which was left by the retreat of empire from africa and asia where much soil conservation had been designed by colonial [people in charge] .

The state , government and administration
the state , government and [people in charge]

None the less , it is necessary to make explicit what the state , government and administration are , and what they do .
none the less , it is necessary to make explicit what the state , government and [people in charge] are , and what they do .

The government or political executive has as its instrument for the business of governing , the administration or bureaucracy , which extends through the ministries and departments , to a variety of institutions such as public corporations , banks , and others ( particularly the institutions of education and the media ) .
the government or political executive has as its instrument for the business of governing , the [people in charge] or bureaucracy , which extends through the ministries and departments , to a variety of institutions such as public corporations , banks , and others ( particularly the institutions of education and the media ) .

Although there still exists the notion that administration should be or is apolitical and merely a neutral tool of the government , this is palpably not so in practically all states , industrialised or less developed or  socialist  .
although there still exists the notion that [people in charge] should be or is apolitical and merely a neutral tool of the government , this is palpably not so in practically all states , industrialised or less developed or  socialist  .

The administration itself is of course no monolith and does not act as a single bloc , pursuing its interests whatever they may be .
the [people in charge] itself is of course no monolith and does not act as a single bloc , pursuing its interests whatever they may be .

Lastly , after government , the administration , military and judiciary , a fifth element of the system can be identified which Miliband ( 1969 ) calls the various units of sub-government  in a sense the extension of central government but also a voice of the periphery , and thus a channel of communication between the two .
lastly , after government , the [people in charge] , military and judiciary , a fifth element of the system can be identified which miliband ( 1969 ) calls the various units of sub-government  in a sense the extension of central government but also a voice of the periphery , and thus a channel of communication between the two .

The dbcle for the Indian family planning programme tells us something already clear from conservation programmes under colonial administration .
the dbcle for the indian family planning programme tells us something already clear from conservation programmes under colonial [people in charge] .

 There are 13 different floor levels in the building ,  Phil Wren claims  the result of creating five floors out of three in the studios , while leaving the south-west administration block , with its library , accounts and research department , at its original three .
 there are 13 different floor levels in the building ,  phil wren claims  the result of creating five floors out of three in the studios , while leaving the south-west [people in charge] block , with its library , accounts and research department , at its original three .

Hashemite political control was established by division of the local administration of the West Bank and by incorporation of the local notable class .
hashemite political control was established by division of the local [people in charge] of the west bank and by incorporation of the local notable class .

As a result part of the administration of some benefits can involve an investigation of a relationship between people sharing accomodation .
as a result part of the [people in charge] of some benefits can involve an investigation of a relationship between people sharing accomodation .

Administration and Finance
[people in charge] and finance

He said unions had to be ready to  pressurise  any incoming administration headed by Mr Kinnock as hard as they would a Conservative Government .
he said unions had to be ready to  pressurise  any incoming [people in charge] headed by mr kinnock as hard as they would a conservative government .

In theory , Government should be a seamless web where an incoming administration of whatever persuasion is presented with a smoothly-running machine ready to obey its command .
in theory , government should be a seamless web where an incoming [people in charge] of whatever persuasion is presented with a smoothly-running machine ready to obey its command .

Their purpose is to allow any new administration to  hit the ground running  , as one senior source put it .
their purpose is to allow any new [people in charge] to  hit the ground running  , as one senior source put it .

In addition to pressure for defence cuts , the Mitterrand administration has been wooing the two Green parties .
in addition to pressure for defence cuts , the mitterrand [people in charge] has been wooing the two green parties .

Claims by Mr Major and others that a Labour administration would be heavily influenced if not controlled by the unions appeared to fall on deaf ears as union leaders kept a low profile .
claims by mr major and others that a labour [people in charge] would be heavily influenced if not controlled by the unions appeared to fall on deaf ears as union leaders kept a low profile .

He campaigned vigorously against the use of drugs and injected new life and efficiency into sports administration .
he campaigned vigorously against the use of drugs and injected new life and efficiency into sports [people in charge] .

Cynics believe that the administration may have made a secret deal with Noriega , and some of the defence testimony seems to bear out this theory .
cynics believe that the [people in charge] may have made a secret deal with noriega , and some of the defence testimony seems to bear out this theory .

After his death three years ago , the leaders of the divine administration are divided over fundamental issues such as how to run the economy .
after his death three years ago , the leaders of the divine [people in charge] are divided over fundamental issues such as how to run the economy .

The opening day of the Congress of People 's Deputies reflected anger in the country at the administration 's shock therapy economic programme , with one delegate speaking of  economic genocide  and a host of others angrily calling the leadership to account .
the opening day of the congress of people 's deputies reflected anger in the country at the [people in charge] 's shock therapy economic programme , with one delegate speaking of  economic genocide  and a host of others angrily calling the leadership to account .

It was the Second World War that plucked  Joe  Burke from the tranquil backwaters of aesthetics to the whirlpools and rapids of government administration .
it was the second world war that plucked  joe  burke from the tranquil backwaters of aesthetics to the whirlpools and rapids of government [people in charge] .

In so doing Railfreight chalked up an achievement which would scarcely be considered feasible by any other European railway administration : only in Britain is the freight-carrying railway required to function without government subsidy .
in so doing railfreight chalked up an achievement which would scarcely be considered feasible by any other european railway [people in charge] : only in britain is the freight-carrying railway required to function without government subsidy .

They have developed a sliding scale charge so that organisations can get together to take advantage of bulk ordering and so save them some of the administration expenses .
they have developed a sliding scale charge so that organisations can get together to take advantage of bulk ordering and so save them some of the [people in charge] expenses .

It is a rogue professional body , and it is being treated with the same kind of contempt that the air traffic controllers were treated by the Reagan administration in the United States .
it is a rogue professional body , and it is being treated with the same kind of contempt that the air traffic controllers were treated by the reagan [people in charge] in the united states .

The Australian group said that Pearl 's policyholders will benefit from the deal through its capacity to bring new products and marketing skills and expertise in administration , computing and product development .
the australian group said that pearl 's policyholders will benefit from the deal through its capacity to bring new products and marketing skills and expertise in [people in charge] , computing and product development .

Editorial Administration Lindsey Gardner 081661 3614
editorial [people in charge] lindsey gardner 081661 3614

Advertising Administration Kathy Lambart 081661 3139
advertising [people in charge] kathy lambart 081661 3139

Unfortunately its path was not so very efficient   because of the murky inconsistencies of Turkish administration  .10
unfortunately its path was not so very efficient   because of the murky inconsistencies of turkish [people in charge]  .10

In return for assurances of service to a defined quality , franchised firms would enjoy benefits such as easier administration , devolved responsibility for some aspects of case management , and faster payment .
in return for assurances of service to a defined quality , franchised firms would enjoy benefits such as easier [people in charge] , devolved responsibility for some aspects of case management , and faster payment .

Scattered through the policy review are proposals to : Drastically alter the status and organisation of the Department of Trade and Industry ; Create two departments  a Department of Consumer Affairs , and a Department for Legal Administration ; Create a Department of Environmental Protection within the existing Department of the Environment ; Set up a plethora of new commissions and executive agencies ; Set up a Women 's Ministry .
scattered through the policy review are proposals to : drastically alter the status and organisation of the department of trade and industry ; create two departments  a department of consumer affairs , and a department for legal [people in charge] ; create a department of environmental protection within the existing department of the environment ; set up a plethora of new commissions and executive agencies ; set up a women 's ministry .

Labour 's proposed Department for Legal Administration would take over responsibility for courts and tribunals ; court procedures ; organisation , training and appointment of the legal profession , magistracy and judiciary ; legal aid ; legal services ; and the Sentencing Council .
labour 's proposed department for legal [people in charge] would take over responsibility for courts and tribunals ; court procedures ; organisation , training and appointment of the legal profession , magistracy and judiciary ; legal aid ; legal services ; and the sentencing council .

 There are no Portuguese first-class or second-class citizens ,  said Manuel de Silva , Macao 's Secretary for Administration and Justice , alluding to Britain 's progressive downgrading of Hong Kong people 's nationality status .
 there are no portuguese first-class or second-class citizens ,  said manuel de silva , macao 's secretary for [people in charge] and justice , alluding to britain 's progressive downgrading of hong kong people 's nationality status .

 He added that he could not see  what the Portuguese administration can further do to enlarge the Macanese people 's confidence  .
 he added that he could not see  what the portuguese [people in charge] can further do to enlarge the macanese people 's confidence  .

Peking was not interested , but in 1979 Lisbon formally renounced sovereignty over the enclave , which is now officially a  Chinese territory under Portuguese administration  .
peking was not interested , but in 1979 lisbon formally renounced sovereignty over the enclave , which is now officially a  chinese territory under portuguese [people in charge]  .

He was also associated with the preparation of the 1988 White Paper on political reform , another constitutional milestone , and is now tipped to succeed Donald Liao , the outgoing Secretary for District Administration , as a member of the Sino-British Joint Liaision Group , the diplomatic body which monitors technical aspects of the transition .
he was also associated with the preparation of the 1988 white paper on political reform , another constitutional milestone , and is now tipped to succeed donald liao , the outgoing secretary for district [people in charge] , as a member of the sino-british joint liaision group , the diplomatic body which monitors technical aspects of the transition .

 Hong Kong People Rule Hong Kong  : the slogan propagated by China during the 1982-84 sovereignty negotiations , to encourage popular local support for its demand that Britain withdraw completely from the administration of Hong Kong on 30 June 1997 .
 hong kong people rule hong kong  : the slogan propagated by china during the 1982-84 sovereignty negotiations , to encourage popular local support for its demand that britain withdraw completely from the [people in charge] of hong kong on 30 june 1997 .

Licence fees are little more than department administration costs .
licence fees are little more than department [people in charge] costs .

So a man who has hitherto led a quiet life , in terms of cricket administration , finds himself thrust into the forefront of the game 's politics .
so a man who has hitherto led a quiet life , in terms of cricket [people in charge] , finds himself thrust into the forefront of the game 's politics .

So a man who has hitherto led a quiet life , in terms of cricket administration , finds himself thrust into the forefront of the game 's politics .
so a man who has hitherto led a quiet life , in terms of cricket [people in charge] , finds himself thrust into the forefront of the game 's politics .

Although officials remain resolutely silent , there is a widespread belief that the British Government will authorise the colony 's administration to go ahead with the first batch of mandatory repatriations this week .
although officials remain resolutely silent , there is a widespread belief that the british government will authorise the colony 's [people in charge] to go ahead with the first batch of mandatory repatriations this week .

President Bush was admirably fast in identifying the problem inherited from the laissez faire Administration of his predecessor , and was quick to put together a $ 164billion rescue package  by far the largest in the history of finance .
president bush was admirably fast in identifying the problem inherited from the laissez faire [people in charge] of his predecessor , and was quick to put together a $ 164billion rescue package  by far the largest in the history of finance .

It is not as if the Administration really believes that any more .
it is not as if the [people in charge] really believes that any more .

Mr Singh pledged yesterday that his administration would  move very fast  to bring peace to Punjab .
mr singh pledged yesterday that his [people in charge] would  move very fast  to bring peace to punjab .

And in an oblique swipe at her critics in the Bush Administration she added :  Those countries protesting at their return would do better if they offered to take some of them .
and in an oblique swipe at her critics in the bush [people in charge] she added :  those countries protesting at their return would do better if they offered to take some of them .

Justice in this context has been defined in one case as  the administration of justice in the course of legal proceedings in a court of law  .
justice in this context has been defined in one case as  the [people in charge] of justice in the course of legal proceedings in a court of law  .

Democrats in Congress led the condemnation of the surprise arrival of two senior Bush Administration aides in Beijing .
democrats in congress led the condemnation of the surprise arrival of two senior bush [people in charge] aides in beijing .

But Republicans , too , were concerned that the Administration 's now legendary caution in foreign affairs , and its unwillingness to move far from the sentiments of the opinion polls , should have been cast aside in such a cause .
but republicans , too , were concerned that the [people in charge] 's now legendary caution in foreign affairs , and its unwillingness to move far from the sentiments of the opinion polls , should have been cast aside in such a cause .

Mr Singh pledged yesterday that his administration would  move very fast  to bring peace to Punjab .
mr singh pledged yesterday that his [people in charge] would  move very fast  to bring peace to punjab .

In October 1988 the administration of the funds was transferred from the Manchester Unit Trust Administration to an in-house system .
in october 1988 the [people in charge] of the funds was transferred from the manchester unit trust [people in charge] to an in-house system .

Although the document did not mention him , this was believed to be Chris Burrows , previously with Henderson Administration .
although the document did not mention him , this was believed to be chris burrows , previously with henderson [people in charge] .

In October 1988 the administration of the funds was transferred from the Manchester Unit Trust Administration to an in-house system .
in october 1988 the [people in charge] of the funds was transferred from the manchester unit trust [people in charge] to an in-house system .

Lord Mackay , the Lord Chancellor , described the Courts and Legal Services Bill , which was published yesterday , as a  vital part of the government 's overall strategy to improve the administration of justice  .
lord mackay , the lord chancellor , described the courts and legal services bill , which was published yesterday , as a  vital part of the government 's overall strategy to improve the [people in charge] of justice  .

The Lord Chancellor , Lord Mackay , described the Courts and Legal Services Bill , which was published yesterday , as a vital part of the Government 's overall strategy to improve the administration of justice .
the lord chancellor , lord mackay , described the courts and legal services bill , which was published yesterday , as a vital part of the government 's overall strategy to improve the [people in charge] of justice .

How many items were there that centred on curriculum content and administration matters and how many focussed on individuals ?
how many items were there that centred on curriculum content and [people in charge] matters and how many focussed on individuals ?

Leaving these expenses under the general heading of administration in the schools accounts gives governors and staff a distorted picture of expenditure .
leaving these expenses under the general heading of [people in charge] in the schools accounts gives governors and staff a distorted picture of expenditure .

Teaching and learning is a messy , emotional and unpredictable business but day to day relationships and basic administration should be straightforward , comprehensive and simple .
teaching and learning is a messy , emotional and unpredictable business but day to day relationships and basic [people in charge] should be straightforward , comprehensive and simple .

Congress is likely to incorporate many of these measures into the Bush administration 's plan , says Wolf .
congress is likely to incorporate many of these measures into the bush [people in charge] 's plan , says wolf .

Democrats in Congress used the conference as an occasion to attack the Bush administration 's position .
democrats in congress used the conference as an occasion to attack the bush [people in charge] 's position .

This gesture is applauded by John Whitcombe , associate manager of the Overseas Development Administration 's plant sciences programme .
this gesture is applauded by john whitcombe , associate manager of the overseas development [people in charge] 's plant sciences programme .

It also houses part of the local hospital administration , a nice link with the past .
it also houses part of the local hospital [people in charge] , a nice link with the past .

 The case hinged , however , on whether the administration of the drug caused the death , and thus to a large extent , the pathological evidence .
 the case hinged , however , on whether the [people in charge] of the drug caused the death , and thus to a large extent , the pathological evidence .

In the primary stages of psora , syphilis and sycosis , where Hahnemann advised repeated administration of the remedy , this potency proves to be very effective .
in the primary stages of psora , syphilis and sycosis , where hahnemann advised repeated [people in charge] of the remedy , this potency proves to be very effective .

From 18371843 , as far as in known , all Hahnemann 's administration of remedies was done in liquid form using variations on the above themes .
from 18371843 , as far as in known , all hahnemann 's [people in charge] of remedies was done in liquid form using variations on the above themes .

The remedy must be dissolved in water before administration to the patient 246
the remedy must be dissolved in water before [people in charge] to the patient 246

Councillors vary tremendously in the extent to which they expect to be involved in day-to-day matters of administration in the authority .
councillors vary tremendously in the extent to which they expect to be involved in day-to-day matters of [people in charge] in the authority .

If an individual claims to have suffered injustice because of maladministration by a local authority , the Commissioner for Local Administration may investigate the complaint on his behalf .
if an individual claims to have suffered injustice because of maladministration by a local authority , the commissioner for local [people in charge] may investigate the complaint on his behalf .

In December 1988 Gorbachev took the United Nations by storm and wrongfooted the American administration , then impotent during the hand-over of power from Reagan to President-elect George Bush , by announcing a unilateral reduction of 10 per cent in Russia 's conventional forces .
in december 1988 gorbachev took the united nations by storm and wrongfooted the american [people in charge] , then impotent during the hand-over of power from reagan to president-elect george bush , by announcing a unilateral reduction of 10 per cent in russia 's conventional forces .

By April 1954 Gouzenko had become a  problem child partly because of his insatiable desire far publicity and remuneration from papers and partly because he has been ready to exploit present hysteria among the new administration in the United States  .
by april 1954 gouzenko had become a  problem child partly because of his insatiable desire far publicity and remuneration from papers and partly because he has been ready to exploit present hysteria among the new [people in charge] in the united states  .

Although the American people had long realised that Reagan 's administration was one of the most corrupt in the nation 's history , even the most hardened supporter was amazed by these revelations .
although the american people had long realised that reagan 's [people in charge] was one of the most corrupt in the nation 's history , even the most hardened supporter was amazed by these revelations .

The Grand Marshal of the Palace had at his disposal an adjutant , a superintendent of the palace , five prefects of the palace , responsible for the day-to-day administration , and three officers in charge of lodgings .
the grand marshal of the palace had at his disposal an adjutant , a superintendent of the palace , five prefects of the palace , responsible for the day-to-day [people in charge] , and three officers in charge of lodgings .

As links the streets functioned in two directions : they provided rapid access from the railway stations at the city 's then periphery to the key points at the center ( government buildings , central markets , hospitals , business and entertainment districts ) , and in turn linked the central organs of administration and business ( fire department , riot police , ambulance services , department store deliveries ) with the focal points of the city 's various quarters .
as links the streets functioned in two directions : they provided rapid access from the railway stations at the city 's then periphery to the key points at the center ( government buildings , central markets , hospitals , business and entertainment districts ) , and in turn linked the central organs of [people in charge] and business ( fire department , riot police , ambulance services , department store deliveries ) with the focal points of the city 's various quarters .

 In the main , the church and its leaders drew their importance from the support they gave to the existing powers and from their multiple involvements in education , social welfare and administration .
 in the main , the church and its leaders drew their importance from the support they gave to the existing powers and from their multiple involvements in education , social welfare and [people in charge] .

The peasants , therefore , had the chance to get experience of administration and problem-solving but , at the same time , had experts to assist and prevent mistakes of any magnitude .
the peasants , therefore , had the chance to get experience of [people in charge] and problem-solving but , at the same time , had experts to assist and prevent mistakes of any magnitude .

As a result , because the properties that were expropriated were modern commercial farms , the government has maintained the structure of production , but , unlike the organisation prior to the revolution , the workforce now has a say in administration .
as a result , because the properties that were expropriated were modern commercial farms , the government has maintained the structure of production , but , unlike the organisation prior to the revolution , the workforce now has a say in [people in charge] .

When the Allies liberated Lebanon in 1941 , David Damiani went to the American University in Beirut to study business administration .
when the allies liberated lebanon in 1941 , david damiani went to the american university in beirut to study business [people in charge] .

There were serious disturbances in Beirut and Tripoli which were put down by the new Lebanese administration with the help of French troops .
there were serious disturbances in beirut and tripoli which were put down by the new lebanese [people in charge] with the help of french troops .

In the early 1970s , Northern Ireland 's politicians were urged to study Lebanon 's Covenant by the British government which , in 1974 , actually created another power-sharing administration in Belfast .
in the early 1970s , northern ireland 's politicians were urged to study lebanon 's covenant by the british government which , in 1974 , actually created another power-sharing [people in charge] in belfast .

Kamal Jumblatt and other nationalist leaders said that they would no longer support a Cabinet that included Phalangists  just as Chamoun , back in 1957 , had refused to countenance nationalists in the administration .
kamal jumblatt and other nationalist leaders said that they would no longer support a cabinet that included phalangists  just as chamoun , back in 1957 , had refused to countenance nationalists in the [people in charge] .

Later that day , much later , when Shirley and the other office staff have gone home , and Vic sits alone in the administration block , working in his darkened office by the light of a single desk lamp , he gets a call from Stuart Baxter .
later that day , much later , when shirley and the other office staff have gone home , and vic sits alone in the [people in charge] block , working in his darkened office by the light of a single desk lamp , he gets a call from stuart baxter .

After she had signed in , Brian Everthorpe directed her to the section of the car park reserved for visitors , and waited for her at the entrance to the Administration Block .
after she had signed in , brian everthorpe directed her to the section of the car park reserved for visitors , and waited for her at the entrance to the [people in charge] block .

She did not think it necessary to tell him that the University administration had been obliged to circulate all members of staff with a memorandum asking them , if they had been on strike , to volunteer the information ( since there was no other way of finding out ) so that their pay could be docked .
she did not think it necessary to tell him that the university [people in charge] had been obliged to circulate all members of staff with a memorandum asking them , if they had been on strike , to volunteer the information ( since there was no other way of finding out ) so that their pay could be docked .

 Pringle 's used to have a Directors ' Dining Room , with their own cook ,  Wilcox explained as he led her through the drab corridors of the administration block , and out across a yard where fresh snow was already covering the footpath that had been cleared .
 pringle 's used to have a directors ' dining room , with their own cook ,  wilcox explained as he led her through the drab corridors of the [people in charge] block , and out across a yard where fresh snow was already covering the footpath that had been cleared .

At last , after about twenty minutes ' wandering , her feet soaking wet inside her leaking boots , and her leg muscles aching from wading through the snow , she arrived at the car park outside the administration block , and found her car .
at last , after about twenty minutes ' wandering , her feet soaking wet inside her leaking boots , and her leg muscles aching from wading through the snow , she arrived at the car park outside the [people in charge] block , and found her car .

But because of the bureaucratic necessity to generalize and disregard distinctions too fine for large-scale enforcement and administration , some people are able to do better if they refuse to acknowledge the authority of this law .
but because of the bureaucratic necessity to generalize and disregard distinctions too fine for large-scale enforcement and [people in charge] , some people are able to do better if they refuse to acknowledge the authority of this law .

Susan Hickey , an executive of the Bonneville Power Administration , which supplies electricity to a number of North-West states , said that the organization had decided consciously to pay for conservation measures because they were the least expensive option .
susan hickey , an executive of the bonneville power [people in charge] , which supplies electricity to a number of north-west states , said that the organization had decided consciously to pay for conservation measures because they were the least expensive option .

The Spanish Crown endeavoured to rationalize the administration of its dependencies , to tighten control , centralize and increase taxation .
the spanish crown endeavoured to rationalize the [people in charge] of its dependencies , to tighten control , centralize and increase taxation .

Thus , the enlightenment of the enlightened despot , the attempt to modernize and make the administration more systematic ( as well as relieve the royal purse ) , produced precisely the opposite reaction .
thus , the enlightenment of the enlightened despot , the attempt to modernize and make the [people in charge] more systematic ( as well as relieve the royal purse ) , produced precisely the opposite reaction .

Some even promoted the idea of an enlightened socialist administration of the colonies   until the Federation of the world becomes an accomplished fact , we must accept the most responsible imperial federations available as a substitute for it ' ( George Bernard Shaw ) .
some even promoted the idea of an enlightened socialist [people in charge] of the colonies   until the federation of the world becomes an accomplished fact , we must accept the most responsible imperial federations available as a substitute for it ' ( george bernard shaw ) .

The attempts to rationalize the administration , to centralize power , collided directly with local liberties and the particularist and traditional privileges of the old supporters of the regime ( for example , the Tatar nobility ) .
the attempts to rationalize the [people in charge] , to centralize power , collided directly with local liberties and the particularist and traditional privileges of the old supporters of the regime ( for example , the tatar nobility ) .

The February revolution gave some of these forces the opportunity to enter the administration , but often only temporarily , until the Russian colonists could re-establish their power .
the february revolution gave some of these forces the opportunity to enter the [people in charge] , but often only temporarily , until the russian colonists could re-establish their power .

Errors must be publicly acknowledged , natives recruited at all levels of the administration , and negotiations begun with the Basmachi rebels .
errors must be publicly acknowledged , natives recruited at all levels of the [people in charge] , and negotiations begun with the basmachi rebels .

But it also covers all arrestable offences which have ( or are likely to have or are intended to have ) certain consequences like , among other things ,  serious harm to the security of the State or to public order  ,  serious interference with the administration of justice  ,  substantial financial gain to any person  , and  serious financial loss to any person  .
but it also covers all arrestable offences which have ( or are likely to have or are intended to have ) certain consequences like , among other things ,  serious harm to the security of the state or to public order  ,  serious interference with the [people in charge] of justice  ,  substantial financial gain to any person  , and  serious financial loss to any person  .

Straddling boundaries , some wetlands still defy comprehensive administration .
straddling boundaries , some wetlands still defy comprehensive [people in charge] .

The Land Drainage Act of 1918 had made an attempt to simplify the administration of land drainage , but in the late 1920s it was clear that confusion still prevailed .
the land drainage act of 1918 had made an attempt to simplify the [people in charge] of land drainage , but in the late 1920s it was clear that confusion still prevailed .

And it may be argued that centralist solutions are dangerous , not only because in any particular administration they may be used to bad effect , but because in principle they inhibit freedom .
and it may be argued that centralist solutions are dangerous , not only because in any particular [people in charge] they may be used to bad effect , but because in principle they inhibit freedom .

Administration at county level was undertaken by the feudal lords .
[people in charge] at county level was undertaken by the feudal lords .

Unfortunately , they often had little experience in civil administration and although the system may have seemed effective in suppressing Lombard leadership , ultimately it acted against Frederick 's interests due to its inherent inefficiency and unpopularity .
unfortunately , they often had little experience in civil [people in charge] and although the system may have seemed effective in suppressing lombard leadership , ultimately it acted against frederick 's interests due to its inherent inefficiency and unpopularity .

Christianity had formalized society , bringing a standardization to culture , learning and administration .
christianity had formalized society , bringing a standardization to culture , learning and [people in charge] .

Neither , at first , did the incoming administration foresee the impact of rising unemployment , which was to be especially serious among the urban young .
neither , at first , did the incoming [people in charge] foresee the impact of rising unemployment , which was to be especially serious among the urban young .

It is a curious comment on Thatcherism , however , that the administration most committed to a reduction in the role of the state , and in the need for an independent private sector , has spent more on specific urban regeneration and employment schemes and incentives to private investment in urban areas than any other in recent history .
it is a curious comment on thatcherism , however , that the [people in charge] most committed to a reduction in the role of the state , and in the need for an independent private sector , has spent more on specific urban regeneration and employment schemes and incentives to private investment in urban areas than any other in recent history .

It is certainly arguable ( and many progressive employers would agree ) that the wisest use of public money from a strictly economic point of view would be on schools , houses , and medical services , together with relevant training and measures to reduce discrimination ; in short , that the agencies which most obviously have the capacity to produce strategic planning of a business-friendly kind are precisely those which this pro-business administration wishes to bypass  central government departments , and local government , properly funded .
it is certainly arguable ( and many progressive employers would agree ) that the wisest use of public money from a strictly economic point of view would be on schools , houses , and medical services , together with relevant training and measures to reduce discrimination ; in short , that the agencies which most obviously have the capacity to produce strategic planning of a business-friendly kind are precisely those which this pro-business [people in charge] wishes to bypass  central government departments , and local government , properly funded .

 This was one  problem  , at least , which the present administration has proved highly successful at solving .
 this was one  problem  , at least , which the present [people in charge] has proved highly successful at solving .

It is not just that a  market  approach to the administration of services dehumanizes people and makes doubtful assumptions about the way organizations actually work .
it is not just that a  market  approach to the [people in charge] of services dehumanizes people and makes doubtful assumptions about the way organizations actually work .

There is no simple way to turn local administration  which increasingly means delegated central administration  into what John Stewart and Gerry Stoker ( 1988 ) call  community government  .
there is no simple way to turn local [people in charge]  which increasingly means delegated central [people in charge]  into what john stewart and gerry stoker ( 1988 ) call  community government  .

They do not  as this administration , despite its early assurances , appears to do  regard urban life as marginal to the issue of economic progress .
they do not  as this [people in charge] , despite its early assurances , appears to do  regard urban life as marginal to the issue of economic progress .

This denial was particularly important , since at the time the Thatcher administration was going through a bad period in terms of popular opinion on issues such as unemployment , social services , and housing .
this denial was particularly important , since at the time the thatcher [people in charge] was going through a bad period in terms of popular opinion on issues such as unemployment , social services , and housing .

His knowledge of and involvement in the administration of cricket is widespread .
his knowledge of and involvement in the [people in charge] of cricket is widespread .

Indeed some people in high places in Australian cricket administration now admit to the opinion that their team 's inability to scale the peaks of their expectations stemmed from its failure to adapt and meet unusual challenges .
indeed some people in high places in australian cricket [people in charge] now admit to the opinion that their team 's inability to scale the peaks of their expectations stemmed from its failure to adapt and meet unusual challenges .

He will be best remembered at The Foster 's Oval for his faultless administration of the Surrey Young Cricketers ' programme .
he will be best remembered at the foster 's oval for his faultless [people in charge] of the surrey young cricketers ' programme .

Those in the Conservative Party who were outraged by her dismissal and the way in which it was effected have not forgotten  nor have they been reassured by the motions of the administration .
those in the conservative party who were outraged by her dismissal and the way in which it was effected have not forgotten  nor have they been reassured by the motions of the [people in charge] .

Visitors will witness the process of producing printed materials , including the production of artwork , planning and platemaking , single and multi-colour printing , guillotining and binding , as well as gaining an insight into management , administration and quality control .
visitors will witness the process of producing printed materials , including the production of artwork , planning and platemaking , single and multi-colour printing , guillotining and binding , as well as gaining an insight into management , [people in charge] and quality control .

School days set aside for staff administration are named after which education secretary ?
school days set aside for staff [people in charge] are named after which education secretary ?

This question is often given to people applying for a job in management or administration .
this question is often given to people applying for a job in management or [people in charge] .

Following the Reagan administration 's retreat from urban policy , President Bush 's appointment of Jack Kemp as head of the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the announcement in June 1989 of the formation of a Presidential Task Force on the Inner City signalled a possible return flow of ideas .
following the reagan [people in charge] 's retreat from urban policy , president bush 's appointment of jack kemp as head of the department of housing and urban development and the announcement in june 1989 of the formation of a presidential task force on the inner city signalled a possible return flow of ideas .

By the summer of 1940 , the Central Council for Jewish Refugees was again feeling the pinch , with the result that the government accepted , in principle , the responsibility for the whole cost of maintaining refugees at scales to be agreed and seventy-five per cent of the cost of administration .
by the summer of 1940 , the central council for jewish refugees was again feeling the pinch , with the result that the government accepted , in principle , the responsibility for the whole cost of maintaining refugees at scales to be agreed and seventy-five per cent of the cost of [people in charge] .

Casting around for a suitable envoy to go out to Australia on behalf of a contrite British government , the choice fell on Major Julian Layton , an active promoter of the refugee cause whose experience encompassed several weeks on the Isle of Man liaising with the civil administration .
casting around for a suitable envoy to go out to australia on behalf of a contrite british government , the choice fell on major julian layton , an active promoter of the refugee cause whose experience encompassed several weeks on the isle of man liaising with the civil [people in charge] .

 To send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration    Training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff    We would wish to ensure that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes  .
 to send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine [people in charge]    training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff    we would wish to ensure that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes  .

 Provides short courses in handling public , administration proceedings etc    Induction , equal opportunity , interviewing , first aid    Management training for professional and non-professional , advice and help in internal courses  .
 provides short courses in handling public , [people in charge] proceedings etc    induction , equal opportunity , interviewing , first aid    management training for professional and non-professional , advice and help in internal courses  .

Are you a creative person ? Do you have specific skills , such as writing , typing , bookkeeping , administration in general ? Are you a fast reader with the ability to retain the key points ? Are you a competent carpenter , plumber , welder , mechanic ? Do you have gifts such as music , or preaching , or teaching or even story-telling ? Are you athletic or physically strong ? Are you forceful ; are you goal oriented ? Do you have perseverance ?
are you a creative person ? do you have specific skills , such as writing , typing , bookkeeping , [people in charge] in general ? are you a fast reader with the ability to retain the key points ? are you a competent carpenter , plumber , welder , mechanic ? do you have gifts such as music , or preaching , or teaching or even story-telling ? are you athletic or physically strong ? are you forceful ; are you goal oriented ? do you have perseverance ?

In 1885 Prussian Oberprsident Mllendorf , who was widely regarded as pro-Polish , recommended a total ban on the Polish language , saying that only in this way was it possible to force the Poles to appreciate the benevolence and wisdom of German culture and administration .
in 1885 prussian oberprsident mllendorf , who was widely regarded as pro-polish , recommended a total ban on the polish language , saying that only in this way was it possible to force the poles to appreciate the benevolence and wisdom of german culture and [people in charge] .

Indeed , after 1870 , under the new administration of a united Germany , there was a sudden and remarkable intensification of the struggle against the Poles of the border districts .
indeed , after 1870 , under the new [people in charge] of a united germany , there was a sudden and remarkable intensification of the struggle against the poles of the border districts .

Indeed there were also sizeable groups of Poles in Pomerania , East Prussia and Silesia who saw very clearly that passing under the administration of the new Polish state would mean a severe drop in their standard of living and who preferred to remain as second-class citizens under German administration .
indeed there were also sizeable groups of poles in pomerania , east prussia and silesia who saw very clearly that passing under the [people in charge] of the new polish state would mean a severe drop in their standard of living and who preferred to remain as second-class citizens under german [people in charge] .

In the Allenstein-Marienwerder district , just south of Danzig , there was a massive vote of 460,000 to remain with Germany and only 16,000 to move under Polish administration .
in the allenstein-marienwerder district , just south of danzig , there was a massive vote of 460,000 to remain with germany and only 16,000 to move under polish [people in charge] .

By 1928 over one-third of the city s population depended on the administration for employment , unemployment relief , income or pension .
by 1928 over one-third of the city s population depended on the [people in charge] for employment , unemployment relief , income or pension .

The past administration
the past [people in charge]

In the Bristol area they have played active parts in the administration of the Jubilee Convalescent Home , the Bristol General Hospital and the St Monica Home .
in the bristol area they have played active parts in the [people in charge] of the jubilee convalescent home , the bristol general hospital and the st monica home .

Parliament as the law-making body does not take part in the local administration of its laws .
parliament as the law-making body does not take part in the local [people in charge] of its laws .

Indeed it is one of the features of our constitution that the legislature and the administration are separate .
indeed it is one of the features of our constitution that the legislature and the [people in charge] are separate .

Thus throughout the history of local government , units of local administration were formed to carry out administration in localities .
thus throughout the history of local government , units of local [people in charge] were formed to carry out [people in charge] in localities .

In early times the Shire Reeve , or Sheriff , was responsible to the Crown for the administration of the county .
in early times the shire reeve , or sheriff , was responsible to the crown for the [people in charge] of the county .

Apart from the counties a number of urban areas had grown up and many of these had been granted Charters of Incorporation giving them varying powers of local administration .
apart from the counties a number of urban areas had grown up and many of these had been granted charters of incorporation giving them varying powers of local [people in charge] .

The Public Health Act of 1875 which may be regarded as a landmark in the advancement of local administration , gave to these Boards a code of powers in relation to public health and other matters , and established urban and rural sanitary authorities .
the public health act of 1875 which may be regarded as a landmark in the advancement of local [people in charge] , gave to these boards a code of powers in relation to public health and other matters , and established urban and rural sanitary authorities .

However , there still remains an important field for public administration by local elected councils .
however , there still remains an important field for public [people in charge] by local elected councils .

Planning is divided between county councils and district councils with the day to day administration of planning applications resting mainly with the district councils .
planning is divided between county councils and district councils with the day to day [people in charge] of planning applications resting mainly with the district councils .

Councillors on authorities other than education authorities may be invited to participate at some level in educational administration and in the case of primary schools , district and parish councils may have rights in respect of appointing governors .
councillors on authorities other than education authorities may be invited to participate at some level in educational [people in charge] and in the case of primary schools , district and parish councils may have rights in respect of appointing governors .

The newly-elected councillor should welcome the opportunity of serving on these outside bodies for only by so doing can he obtain a full appreciation of the part which these bodies play in local administration .
the newly-elected councillor should welcome the opportunity of serving on these outside bodies for only by so doing can he obtain a full appreciation of the part which these bodies play in local [people in charge] .

Even a small council such as a parish council has to have an officer responsible for the administration of its financial affairs although this duty may well fall upon the clerk .
even a small council such as a parish council has to have an officer responsible for the [people in charge] of its financial affairs although this duty may well fall upon the clerk .

He also spoke about the Leukaemia Research Fund , founded in 1960 , with how the fund was spent internationally and the low cost of administration , mainly due to voluntary help .
he also spoke about the leukaemia research fund , founded in 1960 , with how the fund was spent internationally and the low cost of [people in charge] , mainly due to voluntary help .

Changes have already occurred in the administration of the local courts , for example magistrates at Petersfield and Alton have been amalgamated and J.P.s can find themselves working in either court or at Aldershot .
changes have already occurred in the [people in charge] of the local courts , for example magistrates at petersfield and alton have been amalgamated and j.p.s can find themselves working in either court or at aldershot .

He is a member of the Council 's Executive Committee and Finance and Grant Aid Sub-Committee and his interests include walking , golf , recreation in general and financial administration .
he is a member of the council 's executive committee and finance and grant aid sub-committee and his interests include walking , golf , recreation in general and financial [people in charge] .

David Howell , ex-Cabinet Minister , Thatcher Administration , 1985
david howell , ex-cabinet minister , thatcher [people in charge] , 1985

The political nation his administration inherited in July 1945 was , by historical and subsequent standards , a highly self-disciplined one .
the political nation his [people in charge] inherited in july 1945 was , by historical and subsequent standards , a highly self-disciplined one .

Attlee 's 1946 directive did not solve some of the more important machinery-of-government problems of his administration .
attlee 's 1946 directive did not solve some of the more important machinery-of-government problems of his [people in charge] .

If a member crossed him on a policy issue , as Callaghan did on trade-union reform in the spring of 1969 , he would be expelled , even if , like Callaghan as Home Secretary , he was a pillar of the administration .
if a member crossed him on a policy issue , as callaghan did on trade-union reform in the spring of 1969 , he would be expelled , even if , like callaghan as home secretary , he was a pillar of the [people in charge] .

This administration believes that government has been attempting to do too much .
this [people in charge] believes that government has been attempting to do too much .

Public administration and management in central government has stood up to these strains , but the weakness has shown itself in the apparatus of policy formulation and in the quality of many government decisions over the last 25 years .
public [people in charge] and management in central government has stood up to these strains , but the weakness has shown itself in the apparatus of policy formulation and in the quality of many government decisions over the last 25 years .

the foundation of  a small multi-disciplinary central policy review staff in the Cabinet Office  to help formulate and sustain a clearer overall strategy for the administration as a whole , for  governments are always at the same risk of losing sight of the need to consider the totality of their current policies in relation to their longer-term objectives  .
the foundation of  a small multi-disciplinary central policy review staff in the cabinet office  to help formulate and sustain a clearer overall strategy for the [people in charge] as a whole , for  governments are always at the same risk of losing sight of the need to consider the totality of their current policies in relation to their longer-term objectives  .

Heath 's new style of government was tested to near destruction within three years as a concatenation of crises generated at home and abroad struck his administration in 1973 .
heath 's new style of government was tested to near destruction within three years as a concatenation of crises generated at home and abroad struck his [people in charge] in 1973 .

Each Cabinet minister was allowed up to two  special advisers  drawn from outside Whitehall who would serve as temporary civil servants for the duration of the administration .
each cabinet minister was allowed up to two  special advisers  drawn from outside whitehall who would serve as temporary civil servants for the duration of the [people in charge] .

And , as his administration staggered through its winter of discontent in the first two months of 1979 , Callaghan 's famed skills as a crisis-manager seemed to desert him .
and , as his [people in charge] staggered through its winter of discontent in the first two months of 1979 , callaghan 's famed skills as a crisis-manager seemed to desert him .

His official title ( one used at most clubs ) was secretary-manager , and as such the administration of the club was as much a part of his job as team management .
his official title ( one used at most clubs ) was secretary-manager , and as such the [people in charge] of the club was as much a part of his job as team management .

The subdivision of stock into subject groups calls for flexible and adroit administration .
the subdivision of stock into subject groups calls for flexible and adroit [people in charge] .

its functions and administration .
its functions and [people in charge] .

For the bureaucratic minded there was camp administration , and there were good and bad bureaucrats .
for the bureaucratic minded there was camp [people in charge] , and there were good and bad bureaucrats .

In non-diabetics there are now excellent data showing a beneficial effect on several cardiovascular complications by conventional antihypertensive drugs in those with diastolic blood pressure  105 mm Hg ( Veterans Administration Cooperative Study , 1967 , 1979 ) , while the evidence is conflicting in those with pressures between 90 and 104 mm Hg ( Kaplan , 1983 ; Toth & Horwitz 1983 ) despite claims to the contrary ( Hypertension Detection and Follow-up Program Cooperative Group 1979 ; Australian Therapeutic Trial , 1980 ) .
in non-diabetics there are now excellent data showing a beneficial effect on several cardiovascular complications by conventional antihypertensive drugs in those with diastolic blood pressure  105 mm hg ( veterans [people in charge] cooperative study , 1967 , 1979 ) , while the evidence is conflicting in those with pressures between 90 and 104 mm hg ( kaplan , 1983 ; toth & horwitz 1983 ) despite claims to the contrary ( hypertension detection and follow-up program cooperative group 1979 ; australian therapeutic trial , 1980 ) .

-blockers may also adversely influence carbohydrate , lipid and lipoprotein metabolism which appears particularly pronounced with the non-cardioselective agents ( Tanaka et al , 1976 ; Wright et al , 1979 ; Leren et al , 1980 ; Day et al , 1982 ; Veterans Administration Co-operative Study Group on Hypertensive Agents , 1982 ; Bengtsson et al , 1984 ) .
-blockers may also adversely influence carbohydrate , lipid and lipoprotein metabolism which appears particularly pronounced with the non-cardioselective agents ( tanaka et al , 1976 ; wright et al , 1979 ; leren et al , 1980 ; day et al , 1982 ; veterans [people in charge] co-operative study group on hypertensive agents , 1982 ; bengtsson et al , 1984 ) .

Silberbauer et al ( 1980 ) induced a mild form of diabetes in Gttingen miniature pigs by repeated administration of streptozotocin .
silberbauer et al ( 1980 ) induced a mild form of diabetes in gttingen miniature pigs by repeated [people in charge] of streptozotocin .

Although patients with infarction may vomit at presentation or secondary to opiate administration , this usually settles with antiemetics and may not interfere with oral therapy .
although patients with infarction may vomit at presentation or secondary to opiate [people in charge] , this usually settles with antiemetics and may not interfere with oral therapy .

We have evidence from studies on non-diabetics that treating hypertension reduces the incidence of stroke , congestive cardiac failure and possibly myocardial infarction ( Veterans Administration Co-operative Study Group on Antihypertensive Agents , 1967,1970 ; Hypertension Detection and Follow-Up Program , 1979 ) .
we have evidence from studies on non-diabetics that treating hypertension reduces the incidence of stroke , congestive cardiac failure and possibly myocardial infarction ( veterans [people in charge] co-operative study group on antihypertensive agents , 1967,1970 ; hypertension detection and follow-up program , 1979 ) .

Then , for more than 300 years until the legions left , the Romans ruled Britain , bringing their talent for organisation to the country , building roads which made travel easier , and all the time controlling the province through the administration of Roman law  backed up by the powerful legions of the Roman army .
then , for more than 300 years until the legions left , the romans ruled britain , bringing their talent for organisation to the country , building roads which made travel easier , and all the time controlling the province through the [people in charge] of roman law  backed up by the powerful legions of the roman army .

General administration and clerical work  officers and clerical assistant .
general [people in charge] and clerical work  officers and clerical assistant .

Similarly , many of the activities could be grouped under a generic support services heading , ie those concerned with organising indirect services such as finance , personnel and general administration etc .
similarly , many of the activities could be grouped under a generic support services heading , ie those concerned with organising indirect services such as finance , personnel and general [people in charge] etc .

The importance of providing a focal point for these developments was also emphasised , and it was felt that this could be part of the role of the College Administration Officer so that non-partisan strategies for computer developments could be evolved .
the importance of providing a focal point for these developments was also emphasised , and it was felt that this could be part of the role of the college [people in charge] officer so that non-partisan strategies for computer developments could be evolved .

Examine the existing administrative and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .
examine the existing administrative and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and [people in charge] could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .

For example , a slightly cheaper drug may require a more expensive route of administration , require more frequent patient monitoring , or lead to more side-effects .
for example , a slightly cheaper drug may require a more expensive route of [people in charge] , require more frequent patient monitoring , or lead to more side-effects .

Thirdly a real and sustainable push is necessary on the use of technology , not just in the administration of education but in its use to augment the role of the teacher .
thirdly a real and sustainable push is necessary on the use of technology , not just in the [people in charge] of education but in its use to augment the role of the teacher .

If past experience is any guide , the present engines of administration and leadership will only sluggishly meet the pressure of the occasion .
if past experience is any guide , the present engines of [people in charge] and leadership will only sluggishly meet the pressure of the occasion .

On appeal to the Divisional Court and to the House of Lords , pursuant to s.1 ( 2 ) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 , on a point of law of general importance , the company unsuccessfully argued that the requirement of s.283 of the Public Health Act 1936 was directory only and therefore consent over 23 years constituted a defence to a breach of s.107 of that Act .
on appeal to the divisional court and to the house of lords , pursuant to s.1 ( 2 ) of the [people in charge] of justice act 1960 , on a point of law of general importance , the company unsuccessfully argued that the requirement of s.283 of the public health act 1936 was directory only and therefore consent over 23 years constituted a defence to a breach of s.107 of that act .

An avenue open to persons aggrieved , who feel they have suffered injustice because of maladministration is to ask for their complaints to be looked into by either the Local Commissioner or the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration .
an avenue open to persons aggrieved , who feel they have suffered injustice because of maladministration is to ask for their complaints to be looked into by either the local commissioner or the parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] .

The Parliamentary Commissioner Act of 1967 established the office of Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the Health and Safety Executive and the Department of the Environment , in the exercise of their administrative functions .
the parliamentary commissioner act of 1967 established the office of parliamentary commissioner for [people in charge] , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the health and safety executive and the department of the environment , in the exercise of their administrative functions .

Similarly the Local Government Act of 1974 established Local Commissioners for Administration to investigate complaints of injustice caused by maladministration by local government departments , which would include for example environmental health , planning and waste disposal departments .
similarly the local government act of 1974 established local commissioners for [people in charge] to investigate complaints of injustice caused by maladministration by local government departments , which would include for example environmental health , planning and waste disposal departments .

Report of the Royal Commission on Local Government ( 1969 ) ( Redcliffe-Maude Report ) ( among the research studies undertaken for the Royal Commission were one on Economies of Scale in Local Government , another on the Performance and Size of Local Education Authorities , and a third on Aspects of Administration in a Large Local Authority ) ;
report of the royal commission on local government ( 1969 ) ( redcliffe-maude report ) ( among the research studies undertaken for the royal commission were one on economies of scale in local government , another on the performance and size of local education authorities , and a third on aspects of [people in charge] in a large local authority ) ;

They stressed notions of strategy , planning , professional skills and modernity , while moving away from traditional forms of fragmented , professionally specialist , administration and political organization .
they stressed notions of strategy , planning , professional skills and modernity , while moving away from traditional forms of fragmented , professionally specialist , [people in charge] and political organization .

The increased role of councils in the local administration of a nationally organized welfare state had meant that an increased proportion of local spending was funded by central government grant , as well as centrally approved loans for capital spending .
the increased role of councils in the local [people in charge] of a nationally organized welfare state had meant that an increased proportion of local spending was funded by central government grant , as well as centrally approved loans for capital spending .

He challenges the notion that local government is anything more than local administration , whose claim to be government is merely another reflection of the high self-regard in which officials hold themselves rather than any expression of locally based decision-making .
he challenges the notion that local government is anything more than local [people in charge] , whose claim to be government is merely another reflection of the high self-regard in which officials hold themselves rather than any expression of locally based decision-making .

If local government is solely about the local administration of national services , then the possibility of comparison will be severely limited and privatization might be a more advisable option .
if local government is solely about the local [people in charge] of national services , then the possibility of comparison will be severely limited and privatization might be a more advisable option .

central administration ;
central [people in charge] ;

what is needed is organisation , administration and , above all , quality leadership .
what is needed is organisation , [people in charge] and , above all , quality leadership .

The apparently extreme view expressed by Masterman ( 1987 ) may perhaps be the public perception of local-authority services as a whole , but equally many people working in schools would also subscribe to this view when discussing the local education authority 's administration of the education service .
the apparently extreme view expressed by masterman ( 1987 ) may perhaps be the public perception of local-authority services as a whole , but equally many people working in schools would also subscribe to this view when discussing the local education authority 's [people in charge] of the education service .

The short time in school has not always provided the opportunity to become actively involved in the internal workings of the administration and , perhaps more importantly , the management of the school .
the short time in school has not always provided the opportunity to become actively involved in the internal workings of the [people in charge] and , perhaps more importantly , the management of the school .

It is not surprising , given the political climate of the 1980s , that there have been moves to improve the administration of public services by introducing management techniques more often associated ( in the eyes of government supporters at least ) with private enterprise .
it is not surprising , given the political climate of the 1980s , that there have been moves to improve the [people in charge] of public services by introducing management techniques more often associated ( in the eyes of government supporters at least ) with private enterprise .

financial responsibility at establishment level and  management  rather than  administration  ;
financial responsibility at establishment level and  management  rather than  [people in charge]  ;

The Conservative administration had not made it good , said Borrie ; government had not created either the demand or the supply of credit .
the conservative [people in charge] had not made it good , said borrie ; government had not created either the demand or the supply of credit .

The Reagan administration had cast its lot with the power companies .
the reagan [people in charge] had cast its lot with the power companies .

The Brazilians are producing lapachol for oral administration as part of a drug therapy for cancer , and the authorities have approved it for clinical trials in humans .
the brazilians are producing lapachol for oral [people in charge] as part of a drug therapy for cancer , and the authorities have approved it for clinical trials in humans .

The current imbalance between farming and conservation interests is most marked in the seven parks controlled locally by Conservative or Independent councils ; and it is particularly great at present because the Conservative administration returned in May 1979 has shown preference for farmers in its appointments .
the current imbalance between farming and conservation interests is most marked in the seven parks controlled locally by conservative or independent councils ; and it is particularly great at present because the conservative [people in charge] returned in may 1979 has shown preference for farmers in its appointments .

The chances of the administration installing 34 million terminals by 1992 ( its original target ) seems remote .
the chances of the [people in charge] installing 34 million terminals by 1992 ( its original target ) seems remote .

Britain 's Overseas Development Administration spent nearly 75 million out of its gross aid budget of 1029 million for 1981/82 on water and sanitation projects .
britain 's overseas development [people in charge] spent nearly 75 million out of its gross aid budget of 1029 million for 1981/82 on water and sanitation projects .

Genentech says that once the company gains approval from the food and Drug Administration it will distribute the drug only to hospitals .
genentech says that once the company gains approval from the food and drug [people in charge] it will distribute the drug only to hospitals .

This became very noticeable during the Watergate saga , in which the convoluted and corrupt language mirrored perfectly the perversions of the Nixon administration .
this became very noticeable during the watergate saga , in which the convoluted and corrupt language mirrored perfectly the perversions of the nixon [people in charge] .

Nonetheless , the Reagan administration has been moving toward building fences around the American scientific community .
nonetheless , the reagan [people in charge] has been moving toward building fences around the american scientific community .

The claimed legal instrument is an acrobatic interpretation of the Export Administration Regulations and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations  under which , the security pushers insist , public disclosure of scientific knowledge can be restricted , even if it is unclassified .
the claimed legal instrument is an acrobatic interpretation of the export [people in charge] regulations and the international traffic in arms regulations  under which , the security pushers insist , public disclosure of scientific knowledge can be restricted , even if it is unclassified .

This balance was rejected by the incoming Reagan administration .
this balance was rejected by the incoming reagan [people in charge] .

The Reagan administration is trying to establish an alternative to the convention , in the form of a  mini-treaty  including only the mining nations who recognise and protect each others ' claims .
the reagan [people in charge] is trying to establish an alternative to the convention , in the form of a  mini-treaty  including only the mining nations who recognise and protect each others ' claims .

Several years ago , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration held hearings on the problem of identifying and classifying potential carcinogens .
several years ago , the occupational safety and health [people in charge] held hearings on the problem of identifying and classifying potential carcinogens .

Now half the income of the city 's administration comes from the federal government .
now half the income of the city 's [people in charge] comes from the federal government .

The Labour administration started its microprocessor awareness programme in 1978 , as an effort to tell people in industry how computers could produce greater efficiency .
the labour [people in charge] started its microprocessor awareness programme in 1978 , as an effort to tell people in industry how computers could produce greater efficiency .

 But , even allowing for this handicap , Irvin and Martin found that university astronomers were not happy with the  inflexible  administration of the telescope by the Royal Greenwich Observatory .
 but , even allowing for this handicap , irvin and martin found that university astronomers were not happy with the  inflexible  [people in charge] of the telescope by the royal greenwich observatory .

All this raises the question of why the Reagan administration wants to quit the business of satellites in the first place .
all this raises the question of why the reagan [people in charge] wants to quit the business of satellites in the first place .

Early on in the present government 's administration a representative of Fabius warned that if research was to get the money it required , other ministries would suffer .
early on in the present government 's [people in charge] a representative of fabius warned that if research was to get the money it required , other ministries would suffer .

The Carter administration favoured phasing out lethal methods of predator control .
the carter [people in charge] favoured phasing out lethal methods of predator control .

His creativity continued unabated to the end of his life , but his efficiency in administration and political reform soon led to enormous demands being made on his time .
his creativity continued unabated to the end of his life , but his efficiency in [people in charge] and political reform soon led to enormous demands being made on his time .

Another problem is that the administration has given few details on the cash that it will put up to induce mining companies to begin new ventures .
another problem is that the [people in charge] has given few details on the cash that it will put up to induce mining companies to begin new ventures .

The continuous administration of such compounds at the normally recommended doses to elderly patients , therefore , may result in unnecessarily elevated and potentially harmful plasma levels  .
the continuous [people in charge] of such compounds at the normally recommended doses to elderly patients , therefore , may result in unnecessarily elevated and potentially harmful plasma levels  .

The officials have started talks about the scheme with other French-speaking countries including Belgium and Switzerland and the provincial administration in Quebec .
the officials have started talks about the scheme with other french-speaking countries including belgium and switzerland and the provincial [people in charge] in quebec .

In practice , he intervened in every aspect of administration .
in practice , he intervened in every aspect of [people in charge] .

He simply refused to recognise the new administration .
he simply refused to recognise the new [people in charge] .

The odd lapse with Ariane apart , the agency is seen as being technically as advanced as National Aeronautics and Space Administration in many key areas of space technology .
the odd lapse with ariane apart , the agency is seen as being technically as advanced as national aeronautics and space [people in charge] in many key areas of space technology .

Council officers are especially worried about the reviewers ' recommendation that the statutory criteria for selecting SSSIs  which are at present purely scientific  should take into account administration and finance .
council officers are especially worried about the reviewers ' recommendation that the statutory criteria for selecting sssis  which are at present purely scientific  should take into account [people in charge] and finance .

Ronald Reagan and the American Environment is prepared by a coalition of the bodies most active in the condemnation of the Reagan administration ( notably Friends of the Earth and the Sierra Club ) , and is clearly identified  and must be read  as an indictment .
ronald reagan and the american environment is prepared by a coalition of the bodies most active in the condemnation of the reagan [people in charge] ( notably friends of the earth and the sierra club ) , and is clearly identified  and must be read  as an indictment .

The environmental policies of the Reagan administration have resulted in a resurgence of the American environmental movement  the book explains why in graphic terms .
the environmental policies of the reagan [people in charge] have resulted in a resurgence of the american environmental movement  the book explains why in graphic terms .

At the governmental level , administration and whole health care systems become geared to particular forms of approach .
at the governmental level , [people in charge] and whole health care systems become geared to particular forms of approach .

The Federal Highway Administration says it has tried out epoflex in Four states .
the federal highway [people in charge] says it has tried out epoflex in four states .

To promote epoflex , the administration is telling states that it will put up the cash to lay test stripes .
to promote epoflex , the [people in charge] is telling states that it will put up the cash to lay test stripes .

The administration has spent $ 500 000 developing epoflex , which was invented by John Dale , an engineer at the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas .
the [people in charge] has spent $ 500 000 developing epoflex , which was invented by john dale , an engineer at the southwest research institute in san antonio , texas .

The Federal Highway Administration 's trials have supported Dale 's claims . In
the federal highway [people in charge] 's trials have supported dale 's claims . in

That puts the Reagan administration in debt to the tune of $ 189000 million .
that puts the reagan [people in charge] in debt to the tune of $ 189000 million .

Behind the breakdown in discussions are charges from the Canadians that the Reagan administration has systematically disrupted the work of the scientists .
behind the breakdown in discussions are charges from the canadians that the reagan [people in charge] has systematically disrupted the work of the scientists .

Initially the administration would be asked to fork out about $ 325 million per year for Landsat and weather information .
initially the [people in charge] would be asked to fork out about $ 325 million per year for landsat and weather information .

Schools must also be seen within a system of administration ( usually centralised ) conforming to certain patterns and practices of control and within a hierarchical structure often difficult to change .
schools must also be seen within a system of [people in charge] ( usually centralised ) conforming to certain patterns and practices of control and within a hierarchical structure often difficult to change .

In particular , transition from primary to secondary school is usually governed by a highly organised examination system understood and accepted by administration , teachers and parents alike .
in particular , transition from primary to secondary school is usually governed by a highly organised examination system understood and accepted by [people in charge] , teachers and parents alike .

Two points of view  If more intelligent natives were taught to read , write and speak English , and to acquire a sufficient knowledge of Arithmetic in English they would be able to occupy many of the minor posts in the service of the Administration .
two points of view  if more intelligent natives were taught to read , write and speak english , and to acquire a sufficient knowledge of arithmetic in english they would be able to occupy many of the minor posts in the service of the [people in charge] .

But even a Ministry Curriculum Development Centre can find itself in some sense isolated from the main machinery of educational planning and administration and thus acquire a certain sense of unreality .
but even a ministry curriculum development centre can find itself in some sense isolated from the main machinery of educational planning and [people in charge] and thus acquire a certain sense of unreality .

Alongside the usual diet of methodology and administration , in-service courses could profitably include discussions on policy .
alongside the usual diet of methodology and [people in charge] , in-service courses could profitably include discussions on policy .

Housing for oil-related workers is considered to be a critical problem for the local administration : the suddenness of demand for housing has necessitated various policies constraining its dispersal , concentration and , most recently , its direction northwards away from the immediate vicinity of the airport .
housing for oil-related workers is considered to be a critical problem for the local [people in charge] : the suddenness of demand for housing has necessitated various policies constraining its dispersal , concentration and , most recently , its direction northwards away from the immediate vicinity of the airport .

The study area , Dunrossness , as defined by the local administration is not such an area .
the study area , dunrossness , as defined by the local [people in charge] is not such an area .

Those held responsible for this general state of affairs range from the big  companies  to the local administration .
those held responsible for this general state of affairs range from the big  companies  to the local [people in charge] .

In a global context , few people in the world today can live out their lives without some awareness of , or indeed direct contact with agencies of state administration .
in a global context , few people in the world today can live out their lives without some awareness of , or indeed direct contact with agencies of state [people in charge] .

In any case , the idea of economy and of saving their ratepayers ' money appealed to their concept of good management and administration .
in any case , the idea of economy and of saving their ratepayers ' money appealed to their concept of good management and [people in charge] .

The Council 's newly formed Planning Department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the application of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the Kirkwall administration .
the council 's newly formed planning department , staffed by relative newcomers to public [people in charge] , was extremely zealous in the application of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the kirkwall [people in charge] .

It was found that while the annual revenue was about $ 400,000 , there was only about $ 1,000 in the account ; John Piper had received $ 20,000 as his percentage and $ 8,000 as his salary , and the remainder had been frittered away by lax and costly administration .
it was found that while the annual revenue was about $ 400,000 , there was only about $ 1,000 in the account ; john piper had received $ 20,000 as his percentage and $ 8,000 as his salary , and the remainder had been frittered away by lax and costly [people in charge] .

He was involved in the establishing of local administration , churches and schools .
he was involved in the establishing of local [people in charge] , churches and schools .

This is because , in the absence of the power of a conscientious regard for right and wrong deeply rooted in all the people concerned , and used by them in arriving at verdicts otherwise the product of constitutional law alone , the road to impeccable administration of justice can not be taken .
this is because , in the absence of the power of a conscientious regard for right and wrong deeply rooted in all the people concerned , and used by them in arriving at verdicts otherwise the product of constitutional law alone , the road to impeccable [people in charge] of justice can not be taken .

No doubt its administration was haphazard ; no doubt there were many abuses .
no doubt its [people in charge] was haphazard ; no doubt there were many abuses .

This he might find in the service of a bishop ; for many bishops in the late eleventh and twelfth centuries were coming to have large staffs of young clerks , who learned the business of ecclesiastical administration and rose to be canons or archdeacons , or were seconded or translated to the royal service .
this he might find in the service of a bishop ; for many bishops in the late eleventh and twelfth centuries were coming to have large staffs of young clerks , who learned the business of ecclesiastical [people in charge] and rose to be canons or archdeacons , or were seconded or translated to the royal service .

The judicial institutions of Europe were governed by a series of contradictions , Jurisdiction and administration were regarded as essentially one process , and the court in which they were carried out was the central institution of any monarchy or principality : the maintenance of justice and law was in many people 's eyes the king 's supreme function .
the judicial institutions of europe were governed by a series of contradictions , jurisdiction and [people in charge] were regarded as essentially one process , and the court in which they were carried out was the central institution of any monarchy or principality : the maintenance of justice and law was in many people 's eyes the king 's supreme function .

If justice and administration were part of a single process , so were justice and taxation ; for assessments to taxation were fixed in court and the fines and other profits of the courts were extremely lucrative .
if justice and [people in charge] were part of a single process , so were justice and taxation ; for assessments to taxation were fixed in court and the fines and other profits of the courts were extremely lucrative .

Closely linked with justice were the other aspects of administration .
closely linked with justice were the other aspects of [people in charge] .

In a much governed kingdom like England royal administration included control over the sheriff and other local officers ; in some kingdoms it included little more than the issuing of charters and the collecting of somewhat meagre taxes .
in a much governed kingdom like england royal [people in charge] included control over the sheriff and other local officers ; in some kingdoms it included little more than the issuing of charters and the collecting of somewhat meagre taxes .

Even in England the permanent staff of the royal administration was by our standards absurdly small ; though it was no doubt enlarged in real life by the hangers-on who gathered round any large household .
even in england the permanent staff of the royal [people in charge] was by our standards absurdly small ; though it was no doubt enlarged in real life by the hangers-on who gathered round any large household .

Specific areas of responsibility will need to be established covering such aspects as administration , finance , personnel and marketing .
specific areas of responsibility will need to be established covering such aspects as [people in charge] , finance , personnel and marketing .

Finance and Administration
finance and [people in charge]

This is covered by David Robinson in Chapter 7 and it is only necessary here to emphasise the need for some of the partners ( and to a lesser extent senior managers ) to allocate time to financial control and administration .
this is covered by david robinson in chapter 7 and it is only necessary here to emphasise the need for some of the partners ( and to a lesser extent senior managers ) to allocate time to financial control and [people in charge] .

Administration , like finance , is a  down line  function of good management ; it should not dominate the practice ; the entrepreneurial spirit of many professionals should not be quelled by an overemphasis on financial or administrative management .
[people in charge] , like finance , is a  down line  function of good management ; it should not dominate the practice ; the entrepreneurial spirit of many professionals should not be quelled by an overemphasis on financial or administrative management .

Having matched the contract to the project , the surveyor is then faced with its administration .
having matched the contract to the project , the surveyor is then faced with its [people in charge] .

Mr. Clark said that the figures included costs of administration and rates on those places .
mr. clark said that the figures included costs of [people in charge] and rates on those places .

 The purpose of the administration order is to allow the company an opportunity of finding an investor or partner thereby allowing it to survive ,  said Jason Elles .
 the purpose of the [people in charge] order is to allow the company an opportunity of finding an investor or partner thereby allowing it to survive ,  said jason elles .

 The great majority of depositors will have claims of less than 20,000 and therefore will be substantially protected by the deposit insurance scheme , whatever the outcome of the administration .
 the great majority of depositors will have claims of less than 20,000 and therefore will be substantially protected by the deposit insurance scheme , whatever the outcome of the [people in charge] .

If therefore , there were cycles within the greater Mind itself , geared towards a regulation and administration of life upon our planet , then we can begin to see how enigmas such as apparent geographical inheritance can be understood .
if therefore , there were cycles within the greater mind itself , geared towards a regulation and [people in charge] of life upon our planet , then we can begin to see how enigmas such as apparent geographical inheritance can be understood .

MacDonald delegates administration , budgeting and planning .
macdonald delegates [people in charge] , budgeting and planning .

She prefers to operate in a conceptual manner , delegating planning , organisation and administration among her 40-strong team in order to focus on creativity and initiative .
she prefers to operate in a conceptual manner , delegating planning , organisation and [people in charge] among her 40-strong team in order to focus on creativity and initiative .

They focus on general directives and priorities , set targets and leave detailed planning and administration to subordinates .
they focus on general directives and priorities , set targets and leave detailed planning and [people in charge] to subordinates .

The factory site was sold to Broadwell Land  now in administration  before Simpson arrived and many older machines ( which were made by Price 's , hence  Patent  in the company name ) would be of interest only to museums .
the factory site was sold to broadwell land  now in [people in charge]  before simpson arrived and many older machines ( which were made by price 's , hence  patent  in the company name ) would be of interest only to museums .

This would allow local authorities , for instance , to object to consignments being sent to their area  a necessary measure because some member states have decentralised their waste disposal administration .
this would allow local authorities , for instance , to object to consignments being sent to their area  a necessary measure because some member states have decentralised their waste disposal [people in charge] .

The vet is only trying to assist the cat , but there is no way that the animal can associate the injection , or the forcible administration of a medicine , with its feeling healthier later on .
the vet is only trying to assist the cat , but there is no way that the animal can associate the injection , or the forcible [people in charge] of a medicine , with its feeling healthier later on .

upset booking arrangements or other administration associated with the use of facilities ;
upset booking arrangements or other [people in charge] associated with the use of facilities ;

Public Administration and Legal Studies
public [people in charge] and legal studies

Social Administration and Policy
social [people in charge] and policy

Housing policy and administration ; The development of welfare services in Northern Ireland ; Voluntary social services ; The development , planning and provision of health care , the Poor Law and social security , take up of benefits , unemployment , redundancies and low pay ; Equality of opportunity , religious and sex discrimination ; Community conflict in Northern Ireland ; Treatment of offenders ; Community care .
housing policy and [people in charge] ; the development of welfare services in northern ireland ; voluntary social services ; the development , planning and provision of health care , the poor law and social security , take up of benefits , unemployment , redundancies and low pay ; equality of opportunity , religious and sex discrimination ; community conflict in northern ireland ; treatment of offenders ; community care .

For example , two nurses are required to do the medicine round , and the administration of drugs can be used as a learning opportunity .
for example , two nurses are required to do the medicine round , and the [people in charge] of drugs can be used as a learning opportunity .

The administration of the medications can then be related to the patient and the treatment of disease ; the student is learning not only safety in drug administration , but also more about the total care of patients .
the [people in charge] of the medications can then be related to the patient and the treatment of disease ; the student is learning not only safety in drug [people in charge] , but also more about the total care of patients .

In this model this desirable  professional style  consists of collections or sets of values attached to different aspects of the work ( such as the administration of drugs , carrying out aseptic technique , basic theoretical knowledge such as anatomy , physiology , pathology and so on ) , organised into a complex structure which characteristics the nurse 's attitudes to the work .
in this model this desirable  professional style  consists of collections or sets of values attached to different aspects of the work ( such as the [people in charge] of drugs , carrying out aseptic technique , basic theoretical knowledge such as anatomy , physiology , pathology and so on ) , organised into a complex structure which characteristics the nurse 's attitudes to the work .

 Confusion  may be another associated problem . Why does confusion occur ? How does the nurse manage the confused patient ? What are the advantages and dangers of oxygen administration ? Does the patient smoke ? How do you ensure patient safety ?
 confusion  may be another associated problem . why does confusion occur ? how does the nurse manage the confused patient ? what are the advantages and dangers of oxygen [people in charge] ? does the patient smoke ? how do you ensure patient safety ?

In addition they are expected to spend more time on Art and Design History and Theory and on Management and Administration .
in addition they are expected to spend more time on art and design history and theory and on management and [people in charge] .

All students undertake industrial or arts administration placement .
all students undertake industrial or arts [people in charge] placement .

As well as entering professional art practice , students from the course take up work in education , publishing , arts administration , community arts , entertainment , the media , and business , and placements can be arranged in these areas .
as well as entering professional art practice , students from the course take up work in education , publishing , arts [people in charge] , community arts , entertainment , the media , and business , and placements can be arranged in these areas .

The Departments are : Accounting and Finance ; Applied Economics and Human Resource Management ; Banking and Commerce ; Hotel and Catering Management ; Marketing and Business Organization ; and Public Administration and Legal Studies .
the departments are : accounting and finance ; applied economics and human resource management ; banking and commerce ; hotel and catering management ; marketing and business organization ; and public [people in charge] and legal studies .

Graduates may opt for departmental or unit management , or specialize in personnel , marketing , finance of general administration within a larger company .
graduates may opt for departmental or unit management , or specialize in personnel , marketing , finance of general [people in charge] within a larger company .

Career opportunities include teaching in schools , lecturing or administration in further and higher education , administration of recreation in local authorities , the management of recreation in sports centres , youth and community work and research .
career opportunities include teaching in schools , lecturing or [people in charge] in further and higher education , [people in charge] of recreation in local authorities , the management of recreation in sports centres , youth and community work and research .

While many students subsequently enter the teaching profession or work as professional musicians , they find that the study of music as a discipline trains them intellectually to work successfully in other professions , for example , business , personnel management , arts administration , the civil service , computing , the careers service , librarianship and journalism .
while many students subsequently enter the teaching profession or work as professional musicians , they find that the study of music as a discipline trains them intellectually to work successfully in other professions , for example , business , personnel management , arts [people in charge] , the civil service , computing , the careers service , librarianship and journalism .

This course provides a valuable preparation for entry to areas such as industry and commerce , public administration , education , and the media .
this course provides a valuable preparation for entry to areas such as industry and commerce , public [people in charge] , education , and the media .

Students become fluent in two of the languages of the United Kingdom 's trading partners , while at the same time acquiring a good knowledge of information technology ( computing for business ) , administration and marketing , and word processing , typing ( multilingual ) and shorthand ( optional ) .
students become fluent in two of the languages of the united kingdom 's trading partners , while at the same time acquiring a good knowledge of information technology ( computing for business ) , [people in charge] and marketing , and word processing , typing ( multilingual ) and shorthand ( optional ) .

In addition students choose a total of four units from : Theory and Practice of Direction ( 2 units ) , Theory and Practice of Community Drama ( 2 units ) , Administration and Management ( 1 unit ) , Press , Publicity and Print ( 1 unit ) ( the last two units are placed in the context of theatre ) , as well as a range of elective units from the Faculty programme .
in addition students choose a total of four units from : theory and practice of direction ( 2 units ) , theory and practice of community drama ( 2 units ) , [people in charge] and management ( 1 unit ) , press , publicity and print ( 1 unit ) ( the last two units are placed in the context of theatre ) , as well as a range of elective units from the faculty programme .

From the point of view of library administration the guided tour type of library orientation makes heavy demands on library staff time .
from the point of view of library [people in charge] the guided tour type of library orientation makes heavy demands on library staff time .

They are mainly on academic-related grades but their job specifications are entirely library administration .
they are mainly on academic-related grades but their job specifications are entirely library [people in charge] .

Perhaps only one librarian will be on an academic-related grade , but more importantly this librarian ( often designated as a tutor-librarian ) will have a job specification which includes a teaching function as well as a library administration function ; and the teaching function will imply teaching academic course subjects as well as library instruction .
perhaps only one librarian will be on an academic-related grade , but more importantly this librarian ( often designated as a tutor-librarian ) will have a job specification which includes a teaching function as well as a library [people in charge] function ; and the teaching function will imply teaching academic course subjects as well as library instruction .

The incorporation of visiting and casework into the administration of the juvenile exchange system not only reflected the continuation of both the practices and the perspectives of the reforming middle class , but also , and ultimately this was of greater importance , it altered the nature of the age relationship , certainly in the degree to which volunteers were in contact with young workers .
the incorporation of visiting and casework into the [people in charge] of the juvenile exchange system not only reflected the continuation of both the practices and the perspectives of the reforming middle class , but also , and ultimately this was of greater importance , it altered the nature of the age relationship , certainly in the degree to which volunteers were in contact with young workers .

Both the Lord Lieutenant and the Chief Secretary were politicians and had to spend a good deal of time in London attending Cabinet and Parliament ; therefore the Under-Secretary , who was a Civil Servant , was the effective head of British Administration in Ireland for most of every year .
both the lord lieutenant and the chief secretary were politicians and had to spend a good deal of time in london attending cabinet and parliament ; therefore the under-secretary , who was a civil servant , was the effective head of british [people in charge] in ireland for most of every year .

An Irish politician once described the Administration in nautical terms .
an irish politician once described the [people in charge] in nautical terms .

Today , the administration of local government is variously in the hands of the county , the borough , the district and the parish .
today , the [people in charge] of local government is variously in the hands of the county , the borough , the district and the parish .

White settler governments in Zimbabwe had full internal self-government from 1923 , while Zambia was ruled by a conventional colonial administration answerable to the Colonial Office in London .
white settler governments in zimbabwe had full internal self-government from 1923 , while zambia was ruled by a conventional colonial [people in charge] answerable to the colonial office in london .

For example , there was a move to decentralize educational administration , because of growing concern at the gap between the pronouncements at the top in the Ministry and the practice at the level of the school , as well as disparities between educational levels in different areas .
for example , there was a move to decentralize educational [people in charge] , because of growing concern at the gap between the pronouncements at the top in the ministry and the practice at the level of the school , as well as disparities between educational levels in different areas .

After 1972 the semi-autonomous administration made efforts to rehabilitate and expand the system .
after 1972 the semi-autonomous [people in charge] made efforts to rehabilitate and expand the system .

Guatemala has relied heavily on external aid , especially from the United States , though this was suspended for a time under the Carter administration because of Guatemala 's human rights record .
guatemala has relied heavily on external aid , especially from the united states , though this was suspended for a time under the carter [people in charge] because of guatemala 's human rights record .

Giving explanations is vital for children 's training because discipline is not merely the administration of a ragbag of cuddles , cuffs , sermons and lectures .
giving explanations is vital for children 's training because discipline is not merely the [people in charge] of a ragbag of cuddles , cuffs , sermons and lectures .

There is no universal agreement , for example , that the mid-1970s represented a fundamental break in political attitudes  aspects of the  new  capitalism coming from the Conservative party in the mid-1970s can be traced back to Churchill 's administration in the early 1950s ( Raban , 1986 ) .
there is no universal agreement , for example , that the mid-1970s represented a fundamental break in political attitudes  aspects of the  new  capitalism coming from the conservative party in the mid-1970s can be traced back to churchill 's [people in charge] in the early 1950s ( raban , 1986 ) .

Clear differences in approach can be identified between the last two years of Heath 's 19704 administration  with its strong dirigiste tendencies  and policies effected by Conservative governments elected since 1979 .
clear differences in approach can be identified between the last two years of heath 's 19704 [people in charge]  with its strong dirigiste tendencies  and policies effected by conservative governments elected since 1979 .

But its evolution , combined with trends in housing and urban administration referred to earlier , gives an indication of the political constraints acting upon the cities in the 1980s .
but its evolution , combined with trends in housing and urban [people in charge] referred to earlier , gives an indication of the political constraints acting upon the cities in the 1980s .

In 1977 its administration and function changed .
in 1977 its [people in charge] and function changed .

The complexity and inter-relatedness of urban problems had been stressed , existing policies had been evaluated and a series of policy modifications had been proposed relating to the economy , housing , population dispersal , urban administration , and so on .
the complexity and inter-relatedness of urban problems had been stressed , existing policies had been evaluated and a series of policy modifications had been proposed relating to the economy , housing , population dispersal , urban [people in charge] , and so on .

Inevitably there were problems of intra- and inter-institutional conflict and jealousies at a time when three tiers of administration  the city , the county and central government  were all involved .
inevitably there were problems of intra- and inter-institutional conflict and jealousies at a time when three tiers of [people in charge]  the city , the county and central government  were all involved .

These criticisms can be divided into three major areas : administration , funding and policy development .
these criticisms can be divided into three major areas : [people in charge] , funding and policy development .

Urban Programme administration
urban programme [people in charge]

These constraints were , of course , apparent when Partnerships were created in 1977 : attempts to bring together different tiers of government and different departments of either local or central administration have proved consistently complex to implement .
these constraints were , of course , apparent when partnerships were created in 1977 : attempts to bring together different tiers of government and different departments of either local or central [people in charge] have proved consistently complex to implement .

Despite the limited size of the Urban Programme , the administration of grant has been consistently problematic ( West Midlands County Council , 1986 ; Stewart , 1987 ) .
despite the limited size of the urban programme , the [people in charge] of grant has been consistently problematic ( west midlands county council , 1986 ; stewart , 1987 ) .

Spending resources before financial deadlines has come to dominate the administration of Partnerships and Programme Authorities , instead of wider strategic issues .
spending resources before financial deadlines has come to dominate the [people in charge] of partnerships and programme authorities , instead of wider strategic issues .

Two major debates surround enterprise zones : there is the whole question of their origin , development and administration , which raises a series of issues in relation to governments  ability to bring about radical change ; and , second , and more importantly by the late 1980s , their impact can now be assessed in some detail .
two major debates surround enterprise zones : there is the whole question of their origin , development and [people in charge] , which raises a series of issues in relation to governments  ability to bring about radical change ; and , second , and more importantly by the late 1980s , their impact can now be assessed in some detail .

The interesting exception comes in the lead up to the 1979 election , when people were very harsh about the past period ( during a Labour administration ) but hopeful for the future ( which was to be under Conservative administration ) ; however , gloomy expectations about the future soon followed that 1979 election .
the interesting exception comes in the lead up to the 1979 election , when people were very harsh about the past period ( during a labour [people in charge] ) but hopeful for the future ( which was to be under conservative [people in charge] ) ; however , gloomy expectations about the future soon followed that 1979 election .

The question in the 1959 survey was open-ended , and it is possible that the great increase in preparedness to act is an artefact of the changed method of question administration .
the question in the 1959 survey was open-ended , and it is possible that the great increase in preparedness to act is an artefact of the changed method of question [people in charge] .

Palmerston returned to the Foreign Office in July 1846 in Russell 's administration and was able to enjoy the effects of the changes he had instigated until December 1851 , when pressure from the Court forced him out of the Foreign Office .
palmerston returned to the foreign office in july 1846 in russell 's [people in charge] and was able to enjoy the effects of the changes he had instigated until december 1851 , when pressure from the court forced him out of the foreign office .

Two months later he was able to bring down the Government , and Lord Malmesbury took over as Foreign Secretary in the new Conservative administration .
two months later he was able to bring down the government , and lord malmesbury took over as foreign secretary in the new conservative [people in charge] .

Palmerston 's Government was largely a continuation of Aberdeen 's administration , the most notable change being that Gladstone resigned as Chancellor of the Exchequer and was replaced by Clarendon 's brother-in-law , Sir George Cornewall Lewis .
palmerston 's government was largely a continuation of aberdeen 's [people in charge] , the most notable change being that gladstone resigned as chancellor of the exchequer and was replaced by clarendon 's brother-in-law , sir george cornewall lewis .

But in July 1855 he then carried out a change in his administration that was to have a far-reaching effect on the scheme .
but in july 1855 he then carried out a change in his [people in charge] that was to have a far-reaching effect on the scheme .

At the outbreak of the war in March 1854 , the control and administration of the Army was divided between a number of unco-ordinated bodies , including the Commander-in-Chief , the Home Secretary , the Board of Ordnance , the Board of General Officers , and Treasury Commissariat .
at the outbreak of the war in march 1854 , the control and [people in charge] of the army was divided between a number of unco-ordinated bodies , including the commander-in-chief , the home secretary , the board of ordnance , the board of general officers , and treasury commissariat .

As in Derby 's previous administration of 1852 , Malmesbury was again Foreign Secretary , and Lord John Manners First Commissioner of Works but , unlike Hall , Manners had a seat in the Cabinet .
as in derby 's previous [people in charge] of 1852 , malmesbury was again foreign secretary , and lord john manners first commissioner of works but , unlike hall , manners had a seat in the cabinet .

These , which were read at an ordinary meeting of members , said that the administration had broken faith with the profession through not fulfilling the conditions on which  a large body of professional men  had entered the competition .
these , which were read at an ordinary meeting of members , said that the [people in charge] had broken faith with the profession through not fulfilling the conditions on which  a large body of professional men  had entered the competition .

unalterable conviction in favour of the adoption for our Palace of Administration of the revived national style  a style so characteristic of our own age it is beginning to be called Victorian  we protest against being obliged to tolerate an effete Palladian or mongrel Renaissance architecture to please those who wish to claim the merit of a breadth of view and of artistic sympathy by denying that they have any prejudices on the subject , one way or the other .
unalterable conviction in favour of the adoption for our palace of [people in charge] of the revived national style  a style so characteristic of our own age it is beginning to be called victorian  we protest against being obliged to tolerate an effete palladian or mongrel renaissance architecture to please those who wish to claim the merit of a breadth of view and of artistic sympathy by denying that they have any prejudices on the subject , one way or the other .

The advantages of such a close integration into the existing administration seems to have been obvious , as no doubt were those of a prominent site for a building which should be seen as the expression of a desire to give India a better government .
the advantages of such a close integration into the existing [people in charge] seems to have been obvious , as no doubt were those of a prominent site for a building which should be seen as the expression of a desire to give india a better government .

He had problems forming an administration and it was not until 1st July that he was able to tell the Queen of his main ministerial appointments .
he had problems forming an [people in charge] and it was not until 1st july that he was able to tell the queen of his main ministerial appointments .

Which are the county towns , where many people are employed in administration ?
which are the county towns , where many people are employed in [people in charge] ?

Inverness ( 30 000 people ) has grown because it is a suitable route centre for administration and for tourists .
inverness ( 30 000 people ) has grown because it is a suitable route centre for [people in charge] and for tourists .

This explains a phenomenon frequently observed in Homoeopathy ; often after the administration of the indicated remedy there is a brief and mild worsening of the symptoms followed by their gradual resolution .
this explains a phenomenon frequently observed in homoeopathy ; often after the [people in charge] of the indicated remedy there is a brief and mild worsening of the symptoms followed by their gradual resolution .

However you work in selecting a remedy find the way that suits you and gives you results as shown by a good response to its administration .
however you work in selecting a remedy find the way that suits you and gives you results as shown by a good response to its [people in charge] .

American plants have largely succeeded through making huge runs of a limited range of products and , since the 1950s , technological changes on the floormuch quieter machinery , for example , or removal of the ubiquitous cotton dust ( now required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ) that used to affect both worker performance and the quality of clothhave dramatically improved industry performance .
american plants have largely succeeded through making huge runs of a limited range of products and , since the 1950s , technological changes on the floormuch quieter machinery , for example , or removal of the ubiquitous cotton dust ( now required by the occupational safety and health [people in charge] ) that used to affect both worker performance and the quality of clothhave dramatically improved industry performance .

In the 1930s , writers employed by the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) as part of Roosevelt  s New Deal collected many cuentos and legends about witches from the people of northern New Mexico , and many beliefs expressed then are still held today .
in the 1930s , writers employed by the works progress [people in charge] ( wpa ) as part of roosevelt  s new deal collected many cuentos and legends about witches from the people of northern new mexico , and many beliefs expressed then are still held today .

The only adult males allowed in the Harem were the Black Eunuchs , who were in charge of security and administration .
the only adult males allowed in the harem were the black eunuchs , who were in charge of security and [people in charge] .

The imperial administration for this undertaking demanded a huge bureaucracy , with superintendents , accountants , and clerks overseeing commerce , forestry , armory , weights and measures , goldsmiths , prostitutes , ships , cows and horses , elephants , chariots , and infantry .
the imperial [people in charge] for this undertaking demanded a huge bureaucracy , with superintendents , accountants , and clerks overseeing commerce , forestry , armory , weights and measures , goldsmiths , prostitutes , ships , cows and horses , elephants , chariots , and infantry .

In five years , the General built new roads , created a royal postal service , and set the pattern of Mughal administration for the next two centuries before dying in battle and leaving the throne to a number of inept successors and , eventually , the return of Humayun .
in five years , the general built new roads , created a royal postal service , and set the pattern of mughal [people in charge] for the next two centuries before dying in battle and leaving the throne to a number of inept successors and , eventually , the return of humayun .

Aurangzeb streamlined the lax administration of his predecessors , but he almost bankrupted the realm with his campaigns to expand the empire down to the south , and his battles against rebels in the north .
aurangzeb streamlined the lax [people in charge] of his predecessors , but he almost bankrupted the realm with his campaigns to expand the empire down to the south , and his battles against rebels in the north .

Installing the Raj The arrival of Indian merchants , including Jains , Parsis , and Jews , turned Bombay , Madras , and Calcutta into large cities ; the Company discovered a knack for large-scale administration .
installing the raj the arrival of indian merchants , including jains , parsis , and jews , turned bombay , madras , and calcutta into large cities ; the company discovered a knack for large-scale [people in charge] .

Indians were removed from key positions in the administration because Cornwallis considered them not yet up to the stricter ethical standards that were being introduced .
indians were removed from key positions in the [people in charge] because cornwallis considered them not yet up to the stricter ethical standards that were being introduced .

Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao  s administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .
accusations of corruption among officials in rao  s [people in charge] in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .

In the 18th and 19th centuries the Europeans arrived  one legacy of which is the English and French spoken by a good number of native Egyptians  and the khedives of Egypt stole their ideas on administration and organization to help them run the country .
in the 18th and 19th centuries the europeans arrived  one legacy of which is the english and french spoken by a good number of native egyptians  and the khedives of egypt stole their ideas on [people in charge] and organization to help them run the country .

However , the Irish church with its Celtic cultural base developed differently from the emerging Christian world in Europe and was eventually superseded by Rome and its centralized administration .
however , the irish church with its celtic cultural base developed differently from the emerging christian world in europe and was eventually superseded by rome and its centralized [people in charge] .

Unlike the Irish , they favored centralized administration , and enforced their rule with the building of fortified castles .
unlike the irish , they favored centralized [people in charge] , and enforced their rule with the building of fortified castles .

Roman Jerusalem After the initial years of Roman administration and political infighting , Rome installed Herod ( scion of a family from Idumea , a Jewish kingdom in the desert ) as King of Judea .
roman jerusalem after the initial years of roman [people in charge] and political infighting , rome installed herod ( scion of a family from idumea , a jewish kingdom in the desert ) as king of judea .

He strengthened central administration and abandoned an initially tolerant policy toward the Protestants .
he strengthened central [people in charge] and abandoned an initially tolerant policy toward the protestants .

In a.d. 286 Diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the administration of the empire in two  he would govern the east , based in Nicodemia , while his friend Maximian ruled the west from Milan  and later to split it further into four parts .
in a.d. 286 diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the [people in charge] of the empire in two  he would govern the east , based in nicodemia , while his friend maximian ruled the west from milan  and later to split it further into four parts .

The Romans built basilicas for public administration , pioneered the new engineering of aqueducts and bridges , and erected triumphal arches for victorious armies .
the romans built basilicas for public [people in charge] , pioneered the new engineering of aqueducts and bridges , and erected triumphal arches for victorious armies .

They copied Louis XIV  s centralized administration and tax-collection , and by the 18th century Turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other Italian city , in classical French manner .
they copied louis xiv  s centralized [people in charge] and tax-collection , and by the 18th century turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other italian city , in classical french manner .

The Bugis in Johor  s administration provided much of the spirit in that State  s independent stand in the 19th and 20th centuries .
the bugis in johor  s [people in charge] provided much of the spirit in that state  s independent stand in the 19th and 20th centuries .

On to the Twentieth Century The British extended their control over the peninsula by putting together the whole panoply of colonial administration  civil service , public works , judiciary force , police force , post office , education , and land regulation  with teams of British administrators , teachers , engineers , and doctors to go with it .
on to the twentieth century the british extended their control over the peninsula by putting together the whole panoply of colonial [people in charge]  civil service , public works , judiciary force , police force , post office , education , and land regulation  with teams of british administrators , teachers , engineers , and doctors to go with it .

Under his administration , emphasis was placed on improving the status and position of the Malays and  other indigenous peoples .
under his [people in charge] , emphasis was placed on improving the status and position of the malays and  other indigenous peoples .

The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
the burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of shinto and the tasks of [people in charge] led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of buddhist meditation and scholarship .

Brahmins , the priestly caste , fill many of the top posts in the universities and administration ; many Indian Army officers can trace their ancestry to the proud Kshatriya warrior caste ; business is dominated by the merchant or Vaishya caste ; and Shudras till the land .
brahmins , the priestly caste , fill many of the top posts in the universities and [people in charge] ; many indian army officers can trace their ancestry to the proud kshatriya warrior caste ; business is dominated by the merchant or vaishya caste ; and shudras till the land .

The courthouse site was originally a German Lutheran mission before James Brooke , the first of the White Rajahs , turned it into a judicial administration office .
the courthouse site was originally a german lutheran mission before james brooke , the first of the white rajahs , turned it into a judicial [people in charge] office .

The withdrawal of tax incentives for US companies operating in Puerto Rico by the Clinton administration in 1996 , which has caused job losses and economic hardship , is another thorn in the side of those who hope for a stronger and more self-sufficient society .
the withdrawal of tax incentives for us companies operating in puerto rico by the clinton [people in charge] in 1996 , which has caused job losses and economic hardship , is another thorn in the side of those who hope for a stronger and more self-sufficient society .

After years of paternalistic administration of the native peoples  property , the government now gives them a free hand in running their own businesses , such as hotels and shopping centers financed from oil revenues in Alberta .
after years of paternalistic [people in charge] of the native peoples  property , the government now gives them a free hand in running their own businesses , such as hotels and shopping centers financed from oil revenues in alberta .

A little farther along Huntington Avenue , the Christian Science World Headquarters may not sound enticing ( and indeed , the austerity of the administration buildings around a vast reflecting pool makes a somber first impression ) .
a little farther along huntington avenue , the christian science world headquarters may not sound enticing ( and indeed , the austerity of the [people in charge] buildings around a vast reflecting pool makes a somber first impression ) .

In fact , California  s 26 years of rather loose Mexican administration ( 18221848 ) were characterized by a series of bloodless revolutions .
in fact , california  s 26 years of rather loose mexican [people in charge] ( 18221848 ) were characterized by a series of bloodless revolutions .

The reform movement , intent on breaking the political power of the big corporations , attacked corrupt practices in administration , public finances , and banking , but did nothing to oppose the businessmen  s traditional resistance to unions and more liberal labor laws .
the reform movement , intent on breaking the political power of the big corporations , attacked corrupt practices in [people in charge] , public finances , and banking , but did nothing to oppose the businessmen  s traditional resistance to unions and more liberal labor laws .

By 1990 , beleaguered by personal and financial scandals in the administration , PASOK was defeated at the polls after three rounds of voting , by the conservative New Democracy Party ; Constantine Mitsotkis became the new prime minister .
by 1990 , beleaguered by personal and financial scandals in the [people in charge] , pasok was defeated at the polls after three rounds of voting , by the conservative new democracy party ; constantine mitsotkis became the new prime minister .

Modern shipping and the advent of the railways crippled its port activities , and the city now lives from the service industries of tourism and provincial government administration .
modern shipping and the advent of the railways crippled its port activities , and the city now lives from the service industries of tourism and provincial government [people in charge] .

There are no campgrounds inside the park , but if you  re planning to tent overnight along the 65 km ( 39 miles ) of clearly marked hiking-trails , check in with the park administration office in downtown Revelstoke ( P.O .
there are no campgrounds inside the park , but if you  re planning to tent overnight along the 65 km ( 39 miles ) of clearly marked hiking-trails , check in with the park [people in charge] office in downtown revelstoke ( p.o .

Government , administration , taxes , and furniture shipments for new homes all start from here and radiate out to the other islands .
government , [people in charge] , taxes , and furniture shipments for new homes all start from here and radiate out to the other islands .

Guided bus tours take you to the mammoth vehicle-assembly building ( so huge that it is said clouds sometimes form inside ) and to other fascinating displays of space technology in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Museum .
guided bus tours take you to the mammoth vehicle-assembly building ( so huge that it is said clouds sometimes form inside ) and to other fascinating displays of space technology in the national aeronautics and space [people in charge] museum .

In 1912 , Cabildos ( Island Councils ) were created and given the responsibility for the social , political and economic administration of each island , and co-ordination with the Town Halls .
in 1912 , cabildos ( island councils ) were created and given the responsibility for the social , political and economic [people in charge] of each island , and co-ordination with the town halls .

A spokesman for Gov.-elect Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. said the incoming administration could make no funding promises .
a spokesman for gov.-elect robert l. ehrlich jr. said the incoming [people in charge] could make no funding promises .

Indeed , Stephen M. Aronson , attorney recruitment coordinator at the New York City Human Resources Administration , said he has no problem finding available young lawyers .
indeed , stephen m. aronson , attorney recruitment coordinator at the new york city human resources [people in charge] , said he has no problem finding available young lawyers .

Simultaneously , there was the social activism of the Warren Court , and a national administration moved to declare a more worthy campaign in 1964 : the War on Poverty .
simultaneously , there was the social activism of the warren court , and a national [people in charge] moved to declare a more worthy campaign in 1964 : the war on poverty .

The U.S. administration on Aging coordinates this loosely knit legal-services network .
the u.s. [people in charge] on aging coordinates this loosely knit legal-services network .

About 10 people attend the meetings in the atrium of the county 's administration building .
about 10 people attend the meetings in the atrium of the county 's [people in charge] building .

With building debris and an ocean of smoke and dust pouring down from the sky , Mr. Bookstaver ran for his life - four blocks southeasterly to the Office of Court Administration at 25 Beaver Street .
with building debris and an ocean of smoke and dust pouring down from the sky , mr. bookstaver ran for his life - four blocks southeasterly to the office of court [people in charge] at 25 beaver street .

JNET was launched in 1998 by the Ridge-Schweiker administration to help local and state police , courts , prisons and probation and parole officers exchange instantly updated information on individuals moving through the criminal justice system - making it possible to better track potentially dangerous individuals .
jnet was launched in 1998 by the ridge-schweiker [people in charge] to help local and state police , courts , prisons and probation and parole officers exchange instantly updated information on individuals moving through the criminal justice system - making it possible to better track potentially dangerous individuals .

The Lawyers Trust Fund and LAP aim , respectively , to improve legal services to the poor to provide equal justice under the law , and to increase public confidence in the administration of justice , Chief Justice Mary Ann G. McMorrow said .
the lawyers trust fund and lap aim , respectively , to improve legal services to the poor to provide equal justice under the law , and to increase public confidence in the [people in charge] of justice , chief justice mary ann g. mcmorrow said .

Among the disaster programs available are temporary housing assistance , individual and family grants , low interest Small Business Administration loans , disaster un-employment assistance and crisis counseling .
among the disaster programs available are temporary housing assistance , individual and family grants , low interest small business [people in charge] loans , disaster un-employment assistance and crisis counseling .

They said , the proposal would save $ 10 million by eliminating more than 300 lawyers at the Administration for Children 's Services , many of whom prosecute neglect and abuse cases in Family Court .
they said , the proposal would save $ 10 million by eliminating more than 300 lawyers at the [people in charge] for children 's services , many of whom prosecute neglect and abuse cases in family court .

Jack Deacy , a spokesman for Administration for Children 's Services , was unavailable for comment .
jack deacy , a spokesman for [people in charge] for children 's services , was unavailable for comment .

The law was passed in 1988 and endorsed by the Clinton administration in 1996 and by the Bush administration last year .
the law was passed in 1988 and endorsed by the clinton [people in charge] in 1996 and by the bush [people in charge] last year .

The hotline lost out on a grant from the federal Administration on Aging , which would have provided $ 175,000 a year for the next three years .
the hotline lost out on a grant from the federal [people in charge] on aging , which would have provided $ 175,000 a year for the next three years .

Kay Loughrey , a program information specialist with the aging administration , said grant applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters .
kay loughrey , a program information specialist with the aging [people in charge] , said grant applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters .

Center for Substance Abuse Treatment , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration .
center for substance abuse treatment , substance abuse and mental health services [people in charge] .

Rockville ( MD ) : Center for Substance Abuse Treatment , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ; 1995 .
rockville ( md ) : center for substance abuse treatment , substance abuse and mental health services [people in charge] ; 1995 .

Much of the research that is being done in this area is not supported by the National Institutes of Health , but by other federal agencies such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , and the Health Resources and Services Administration .
much of the research that is being done in this area is not supported by the national institutes of health , but by other federal agencies such as the centers for disease control and prevention , the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] , the substance abuse and mental health services [people in charge] , and the health resources and services [people in charge] .

Center for Substance Abuse Treatment , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration .
center for substance abuse treatment , substance abuse and mental health services [people in charge] .

Page 3 GAO-02-957T We are pleased that the Administration has just released the national homeland security strategy and GAO stands ready to work with the Congress and the Administration to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism .
page 3 gao-02-957t we are pleased that the [people in charge] has just released the national homeland security strategy and gao stands ready to work with the congress and the [people in charge] to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism .

It is critically important that the Congress and the Administration agree on a definition since it serves as the foundation for a number of key organizational , operational and funding decisions .
it is critically important that the congress and the [people in charge] agree on a definition since it serves as the foundation for a number of key organizational , operational and funding decisions .

Specifically , GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .
specifically , gao has developed a framework that will help the congress and the [people in charge] create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .

Recent legislative language adopted by the House Committee on Government Reform suggests elevating the undersecretary for management to a deputy secretary , equivalent to the deputy position provided for in the Administration 's proposal .
recent legislative language adopted by the house committee on government reform suggests elevating the undersecretary for management to a deputy secretary , equivalent to the deputy position provided for in the [people in charge] 's proposal .

These and other suggested flexibilities for DHS should be viewed in the context of how similar flexibilities have been exercised by other agencies with similar missions , such as the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) , the DOD , the FBI , and the CIA .
these and other suggested flexibilities for dhs should be viewed in the context of how similar flexibilities have been exercised by other agencies with similar missions , such as the transportation security [people in charge] ( tsa ) , the dod , the fbi , and the cia .

Recent testimony to the Congress by Governor Ridge has clarified the Administration 's commitment to these provisions.18 The final legislation should clearly reflect the applicability of these tenets to the new department .
recent testimony to the congress by governor ridge has clarified the [people in charge] 's commitment to these provisions.18 the final legislation should clearly reflect the applicability of these tenets to the new department .

The Administration has suggested that it needs a special grant of budget flexibility for the Department of Homeland Security .
the [people in charge] has suggested that it needs a special grant of budget flexibility for the department of homeland security .

The Administration has argued that CBO 's estimates are inflated .
the [people in charge] has argued that cbo 's estimates are inflated .

Depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the Administration in legislation -- in particular a broad grant of transfer authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies -- these estimates may well change .
depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the [people in charge] in legislation -- in particular a broad grant of transfer authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies -- these estimates may well change .

Because they implemented a set of balanced expectations prior to the Office of Personnel Management requirement , GAO studied the Bureau of Land Management 's , Federal Highway Administration 's , Internal Revenue Service 's , and Veterans Benefits Administration 's use of balanced expectations to manage senior executive performance in order to identify initial approaches that may be helpful to other agencies in holding senior executives accountable for results .
because they implemented a set of balanced expectations prior to the office of personnel management requirement , gao studied the bureau of land management 's , federal highway [people in charge] 's , internal revenue service 's , and veterans benefits [people in charge] 's use of balanced expectations to manage senior executive performance in order to identify initial approaches that may be helpful to other agencies in holding senior executives accountable for results .

In addition , the Bureau of Land Management and Veterans Benefits Administration provide senior executives with objective data through real-time data systems so that executives can track their individual progress against organizational goals .
in addition , the bureau of land management and veterans benefits [people in charge] provide senior executives with objective data through real-time data systems so that executives can track their individual progress against organizational goals .

The Federal Highway Administration requires executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to solicit employee views on their leadership skills and then incorporate action items into their performance plans for the next fiscal year .
the federal highway [people in charge] requires executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to solicit employee views on their leadership skills and then incorporate action items into their performance plans for the next fiscal year .

We selected the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) , Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) , Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , and Veterans Benefits Administration ( VBA ) because they used a set of balanced expectations to manage the performance of all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the OPM requirement .
we selected the bureau of land management ( blm ) , federal highway [people in charge] ( fhwa ) , internal revenue service ( irs ) , and veterans benefits [people in charge] ( vba ) because they used a set of balanced expectations to manage the performance of all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the opm requirement .

Among the possible agencies with relevant experience , we selected the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) , Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) , Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , and Veterans Benefits Administration ( VBA ) because they provided variation in mission , size , and organizational structures .
among the possible agencies with relevant experience , we selected the bureau of land management ( blm ) , federal highway [people in charge] ( fhwa ) , internal revenue service ( irs ) , and veterans benefits [people in charge] ( vba ) because they provided variation in mission , size , and organizational structures .

Lastly , we met with the President of the Senior Executives Association and other subject matter experts from the National Academy of Public Administration , Brookings Institution , and PricewaterhouseCoopers Endowment for The Business of Government .
lastly , we met with the president of the senior executives association and other subject matter experts from the national academy of public [people in charge] , brookings institution , and pricewaterhousecoopers endowment for the business of government .

For more information on IRS 's retention standard , see U.S. General Accounting Office , Tax Administration : IRS ' Implementation of the Restructuring Act 's Personnel Flexibility Provisions , GAO/GGD-00-81 ( Washington , D.C. : Apr .
for more information on irs 's retention standard , see u.s. general accounting office , tax [people in charge] : irs ' implementation of the restructuring act 's personnel flexibility provisions , gao/ggd-00-81 ( washington , d.c. : apr .

Office of the General Counsel B-278894 January 15 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable William F. Goodling Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of the Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a group of rules which constitute major rules promulgated by the Department of the GAO/OGC-98-22 Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ; entitled `` Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity '' ( RIN : 1545-AV53 ; 1210-AA62 ; 0938-AI05 ) .
office of the general counsel b-278894 january 15 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable william f. goodling chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of the treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits [people in charge] ; department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] : interim rules for mental health parity pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a group of rules which constitute major rules promulgated by the department of the gao/ogc-98-22 treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits [people in charge] ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] ; entitled `` interim rules for mental health parity '' ( rin : 1545-av53 ; 1210-aa62 ; 0938-ai05 ) .

See Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Medicare Program , B-275549 ; B-275552 , December 9 , 1996 , GAO/OGC-97-9 .
see department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] : medicare program , b-275549 ; b-275552 , december 9 , 1996 , gao/ogc-97-9 .

Office of the General Counsel B-279750 April 24 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Medicare Program ; Schedule of Per-Beneficiary Limitations on Home Health Agency Costs for Cost Reporting Periods Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) , entitled `` Medicare Program ; Schedule of Per-Beneficiary Limitations on Home Health Agency Costs for Cost Reporting Periods '' ( RIN : 0938-AI84 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279750 april 24 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] : medicare program ; schedule of per-beneficiary limitations on home health agency costs for cost reporting periods pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] ( hcfa ) , entitled `` medicare program ; schedule of per-beneficiary limitations on home health agency costs for cost reporting periods '' ( rin : 0938-ai84 ) .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration , is William Scanlon , Director , Health Financing and Systems Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] , is william scanlon , director , health financing and systems issues .

Key contacts at leading organizations Bruce H. Adams Senior Vice President , Global Services Administration The Chase Manhattan Bank David Devonshire Chief Financial Officer Ingersoll Rand Corporation ( formerly with Owens Corning ) Lynn L. Saylor General Electric DirectorCorporate Finance General Electric Company Boyd E. Givan ( Retired ) Chief Financial Officer The Boeing Company Richard L. Hoddeson Vice President , Operations Planning and Analysis Pfizer Inc Larry Lazicki Executive AssistantFiscal Mgmnt .
key contacts at leading organizations bruce h. adams senior vice president , global services [people in charge] the chase manhattan bank david devonshire chief financial officer ingersoll rand corporation ( formerly with owens corning ) lynn l. saylor general electric directorcorporate finance general electric company boyd e. givan ( retired ) chief financial officer the boeing company richard l. hoddeson vice president , operations planning and analysis pfizer inc larry lazicki executive assistantfiscal mgmnt .

Section 605 ( b ) states that the certification and explanatory statement shall be provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) .
section 605 ( b ) states that the certification and explanatory statement shall be provided to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.2 May 7 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Light Truck Average Fuel Economy Standard , Model Year 1998 Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , Department of Transportation , entitled `` Light Truck Average Fuel Economy Standard , Model Year 1998 '' ( RIN 2127-AF16 ) .
office of the general counsel b-271810.2 may 7 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : light truck average fuel economy standard , model year 1998 pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] ( nhtsa ) , department of transportation , entitled `` light truck average fuel economy standard , model year 1998 '' ( rin 2127-af16 ) .

Sincerely yours , Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Ms. Nancy E. McFadden General Counsel Department of Transportation Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-11 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 1998 LIGHT TRUCK CAFE STANDARD RULE UNDER 5 U.S.C .
sincerely yours , robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : ms. nancy e. mcfadden general counsel department of transportation page 3 gao/ogc-96-11 enclosure analysis of national highway traffic safety [people in charge] 1998 light truck cafe standard rule under 5 u.s.c .

Section 605 ( b ) states that the certification and statement shall be provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) .
section 605 ( b ) states that the certification and statement shall be provided to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) .

The participants were the Department of Health and Human Services ' Health Care Financing Administration ; 2the Social Security Administration ; the Department of Veterans Affairs ; the states of Illinois , Texas , and Kentucky ; the governments of Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom ; and three private sector corporations .
the participants were the department of health and human services ' health care financing [people in charge] ; 2the social security [people in charge] ; the department of veterans affairs ; the states of illinois , texas , and kentucky ; the governments of australia , new zealand , and the united kingdom ; and three private sector corporations .

In July 2001 , the Health Care Financing Administration was renamed the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) .
in july 2001 , the health care financing [people in charge] was renamed the centers for medicare and medicaid services ( cms ) .

Under this initiative , the administration will establish a baseline of the extent of erroneous payments and require agencies to include , in their fiscal year 2003 budget submissions , information on erroneous payment rates , including actual and target rates , where available , for benefit and assistance programs over $ 2 billion .
under this initiative , the [people in charge] will establish a baseline of the extent of erroneous payments and require agencies to include , in their fiscal year 2003 budget submissions , information on erroneous payment rates , including actual and target rates , where available , for benefit and assistance programs over $ 2 billion .

Aside from minimizing overpayments , proactively preventing improper payments increases public confidence in the administration of benefit programs and avoids the difficulties associated with the `` pay and chase '' 10aspects of recovering improper payments .
aside from minimizing overpayments , proactively preventing improper payments increases public confidence in the [people in charge] of benefit programs and avoids the difficulties associated with the `` pay and chase '' 10aspects of recovering improper payments .

For example , the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) obtains death records from states to determine if deceased individuals are receiving benefit checks .
for example , the social security [people in charge] ( ssa ) obtains death records from states to determine if deceased individuals are receiving benefit checks .

Claims administration contractors at HHS ' Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( formerly the Health Care Financing Administration ) use data mining and statistical analysis as part of their postpayment review activities .
claims [people in charge] contractors at hhs ' centers for medicare and medicaid services ( formerly the health care financing [people in charge] ) use data mining and statistical analysis as part of their postpayment review activities .

It will require strong support , not just in words but in actions , from the President , the Congress , top-level administration appointees , and agency management officials .
it will require strong support , not just in words but in actions , from the president , the congress , top-level [people in charge] appointees , and agency management officials .

Representatives at the three agencies ( the Department of Veterans Affairs , the Social Security Administration , and the Department of Health and Human Services ' Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( formerly the Health Care Financing Administration ) identified programs in which their organizations had taken actions considered effective and agreed to participate .
representatives at the three agencies ( the department of veterans affairs , the social security [people in charge] , and the department of health and human services ' centers for medicare and medicaid services ( formerly the health care financing [people in charge] ) identified programs in which their organizations had taken actions considered effective and agreed to participate .

The government services provided by the agencies range from providing audit oversight and tax collection activities to benefit administration and benefit payments .
the government services provided by the agencies range from providing audit oversight and tax collection activities to benefit [people in charge] and benefit payments .

Inland Revenue Department The Inland Revenue Department ( IRD ) provides tax services as well as social policy services , including the administration of child support and family assistance programs and the collection of student loan repayments .
inland revenue department the inland revenue department ( ird ) provides tax services as well as social policy services , including the [people in charge] of child support and family assistance programs and the collection of student loan repayments .

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) ( formerly the Health Care Financing Administration ) , one of HHS ' operating divisions , administers both the Medicare and Medicaid programs , which provide health care to about one in every four Americans .
the centers for medicare and medicaid services ( cms ) ( formerly the health care financing [people in charge] ) , one of hhs ' operating divisions , administers both the medicare and medicaid programs , which provide health care to about one in every four americans .

Social Security Administration In 1935 , the Social Security Act established a program to help protect aged Americans against the loss of income due to retirement .
social security [people in charge] in 1935 , the social security act established a program to help protect aged americans against the loss of income due to retirement .

Since that time , various amendments were added , creating the programs that the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) administers today .
since that time , various amendments were added , creating the programs that the social security [people in charge] ( ssa ) administers today .

Department of Veterans Affairs In 1930 , the Congress consolidated and coordinated various veterans ' programs with the establishment of the Veterans Administration .
department of veterans affairs in 1930 , the congress consolidated and coordinated various veterans ' programs with the establishment of the veterans [people in charge] .

Through 21 organizations , including the Veterans Health Administration and the Veterans Benefits Administration , VA ensures that veterans receive medical care , benefits , and social support .
through 21 organizations , including the veterans health [people in charge] and the veterans benefits [people in charge] , va ensures that veterans receive medical care , benefits , and social support .

State of Texas Texas has a number of departments involved in the administration of its medical and general assistance programs .
state of texas texas has a number of departments involved in the [people in charge] of its medical and general assistance programs .

AGA is recognized as a leading advocate for improving the quality and effectiveness of government fiscal administration .
aga is recognized as a leading advocate for improving the quality and effectiveness of government fiscal [people in charge] .

However , strategic human capital management is a pervasive challenge in the federal government , and is one of the governmentwide areas that we have identified as high risk.1 In addition , the Administration 's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes .
however , strategic human capital management is a pervasive challenge in the federal government , and is one of the governmentwide areas that we have identified as high risk.1 in addition , the [people in charge] 's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes .

As agreed , we have examined selected employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific components within the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) , and the Veteran 's Benefits Administration ( VBA ) .
as agreed , we have examined selected employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific components within the federal aviation [people in charge] ( faa ) , the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) , the internal revenue service ( irs ) , the office of personnel management ( opm ) , and the veteran 's benefits [people in charge] ( vba ) .

In its fiscal year 2000 performance report , the Veterans Administration reported that performance declined with respect to its rating-related claims-processing timeliness and national accuracy rate .
in its fiscal year 2000 performance report , the veterans [people in charge] reported that performance declined with respect to its rating-related claims-processing timeliness and national accuracy rate .

Six Key Practices Helped Empower Involve Employees concentrated at the Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center in Oklahoma City , OK. Our FEMA work was done at the National Security Affairs Office , the Response and Recovery Directorate , and the Operations Support Directorate within FEMA headquarters in Washington , D.C. , and at FEMA 's U.S. Fire Administration in Emmitsburg , MD .
six key practices helped empower involve employees concentrated at the mike monroney aeronautical center in oklahoma city , ok. our fema work was done at the national security affairs office , the response and recovery directorate , and the operations support directorate within fema headquarters in washington , d.c. , and at fema 's u.s. fire [people in charge] in emmitsburg , md .

FEMA 's teams at the U.S. Fire Administration provided opportunities for front-line employees to lead teams whose members included a mix of employees and supervisors .
fema 's teams at the u.s. fire [people in charge] provided opportunities for front-line employees to lead teams whose members included a mix of employees and supervisors .

For example , FEMA 's U.S. Fire Administration teams had members from units throughout the organization .
for example , fema 's u.s. fire [people in charge] teams had members from units throughout the organization .

The teams met on a weekly basis and identified ways to implement over 170 Board of Visitors recommendations for improving the Fire Administration 's operations .
the teams met on a weekly basis and identified ways to implement over 170 board of visitors recommendations for improving the fire [people in charge] 's operations .

Major Management Challenges and Program Risks : Department of Veterans Affairs ( GAO-01-255 , Jan. 2001 ) .Veterans Benefits Administration : Problems and Challenges Facing Disability Claims Processing ( GAO/T-HEHS/AIMD-00-146 , May 18 , 2000 ) .
major management challenges and program risks : department of veterans affairs ( gao-01-255 , jan. 2001 ) .veterans benefits [people in charge] : problems and challenges facing disability claims processing ( gao/t-hehs/aimd-00-146 , may 18 , 2000 ) .

For example , law enforcement officials throughout the United States and Canada rely on the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's National Crime Information Center computerized database for access to sensitive criminal justice records on individual offenders ; the Internal Revenue Service relies on computers to process and store hundreds of millions of confidential taxpayer records ; the Customs Service relies on automated systems to support its processing and inspection of hundreds of billions of dollars worth of imported goods ; and many federal agencies , such as the Social Security Administration , the Department of Agriculture , and the Department of Health and Human Services , rely on automated systems to manage and distribute hundreds of billions of dollars worth of payments to individuals and businesses , such as medicare , social security , and food stamp benefits .
for example , law enforcement officials throughout the united states and canada rely on the federal bureau of investigation 's national crime information center computerized database for access to sensitive criminal justice records on individual offenders ; the internal revenue service relies on computers to process and store hundreds of millions of confidential taxpayer records ; the customs service relies on automated systems to support its processing and inspection of hundreds of billions of dollars worth of imported goods ; and many federal agencies , such as the social security [people in charge] , the department of agriculture , and the department of health and human services , rely on automated systems to manage and distribute hundreds of billions of dollars worth of payments to individuals and businesses , such as medicare , social security , and food stamp benefits .

Prior to the reorganization , a central security group of about four individuals concentrated on mainframe security administration and had little interaction with the rest of the company .
prior to the reorganization , a central security group of about four individuals concentrated on mainframe security [people in charge] and had little interaction with the rest of the company .

Educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .
educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and [people in charge] of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .

The university had recently developed more explicit policies on system administrator responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system administration in a distributed environment .
the university had recently developed more explicit policies on system administrator responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system [people in charge] in a distributed environment .

Vice President Albert Gore , Jr. , in the Administration 's July 1997 report , A Framework For Global Electronic Commerce To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .
vice president albert gore , jr. , in the [people in charge] 's july 1997 report , a framework for global electronic commerce to achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security [people in charge] : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

If a state does not participate ( or is not certified by the Department of Labor as meeting Federal requirements ) : ( i ) the Federal unemployment tax is levied within the state at its maximum rate , ( ii ) the system does not pay any unemployment compensation benefits within the state , and ( iii ) the Federal Government provides no grants to state governments to pay for the costs of administration .
if a state does not participate ( or is not certified by the department of labor as meeting federal requirements ) : ( i ) the federal unemployment tax is levied within the state at its maximum rate , ( ii ) the system does not pay any unemployment compensation benefits within the state , and ( iii ) the federal government provides no grants to state governments to pay for the costs of [people in charge] .

The sales may be made by a public enterprise revolving fund ( such as the Bonneville Power Administration ) , an intragovernmental revolving fund ( such as the Government Printing Office ) , or a fund that is not a revolving fund ( such as the Geological Survey ) .
the sales may be made by a public enterprise revolving fund ( such as the bonneville power [people in charge] ) , an intragovernmental revolving fund ( such as the government printing office ) , or a fund that is not a revolving fund ( such as the geological survey ) .

Diversion fees , Department of Justice. -- Registrants in the Diversion Control Program ( e.g. , physicians ) pay fees to the Drug Enforcement Administration , in exchange for which the DEA provides the registrants with the authority to prescribe controlled substances .
diversion fees , department of justice. -- registrants in the diversion control program ( e.g. , physicians ) pay fees to the drug enforcement [people in charge] , in exchange for which the dea provides the registrants with the authority to prescribe controlled substances .

PERCENT OF FEDERALLY OWNED LAND IN EACH STATEl lSummary of Real Property Owned by the United States Throughout the World as of September 30 , 1991 , US General Services Administration ( Dec. 1993 ) .
percent of federally owned land in each statel lsummary of real property owned by the united states throughout the world as of september 30 , 1991 , us general services [people in charge] ( dec. 1993 ) .

Among the stakeholders of federal agencies are Congress and the administration , state and local governments , third-party service providers , interest groups , agency employees , and , of course , the American public .
among the stakeholders of federal agencies are congress and the [people in charge] , state and local governments , third-party service providers , interest groups , agency employees , and , of course , the american public .

Case Illustration : National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the appropriate degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .
case illustration : national oceanic and atmospheric [people in charge] performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the appropriate degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .

The mission of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) is to describe and predict changes in the earth 's environment , as well as to conserve and manage the nation 's coastal and marine resources to ensure sustainable economic opportunities .
the mission of the national oceanic and atmospheric [people in charge] ( noaa ) is to describe and predict changes in the earth 's environment , as well as to conserve and manage the nation 's coastal and marine resources to ensure sustainable economic opportunities .

Case Illustration : National Highway Traffic Safety Administration also-where they can-by building performance data collection into the processes that govern daily operations , rather than creating entirely new and separate data collection systems .
case illustration : national highway traffic safety [people in charge] also-where they can-by building performance data collection into the processes that govern daily operations , rather than creating entirely new and separate data collection systems .

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's ( NHTSA ) mission is to reduce casualties and economic losses resulting from motor vehicle crashes .
the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] 's ( nhtsa ) mission is to reduce casualties and economic losses resulting from motor vehicle crashes .

To compile the 17Vehicle miles of travel is published by the Federal Highway Administration , as reported by state highway agencies , and is based on formal guidance provided by the Administration .
to compile the 17vehicle miles of travel is published by the federal highway [people in charge] , as reported by state highway agencies , and is based on formal guidance provided by the [people in charge] .

Case Illustration : Veterans Health Administration The Veterans Health Administration ( VHA ) in the Department of Veterans Affairs runs one of the nation 's largest medical care delivery systems , consisting of a network of medical centers , nursing homes , domiciliaries , and outpatient clinics that provide health care services to nearly 2.8 million patients each year .
case illustration : veterans health [people in charge] the veterans health [people in charge] ( vha ) in the department of veterans affairs runs one of the nation 's largest medical care delivery systems , consisting of a network of medical centers , nursing homes , domiciliaries , and outpatient clinics that provide health care services to nearly 2.8 million patients each year .

In addition , in response to an initiative of the American Society for Public Administration and with the encouragement of OMB , over 30 case studies are being developed on the agencies ' use of strategic planning or performance measurement .
in addition , in response to an initiative of the american society for public [people in charge] and with the encouragement of omb , over 30 case studies are being developed on the agencies ' use of strategic planning or performance measurement .

Some of these reforms may be self-initiated , others may have been mandated by legislation , still others may be the result of administration initiatives such as the National Performance Review .
some of these reforms may be self-initiated , others may have been mandated by legislation , still others may be the result of [people in charge] initiatives such as the national performance review .

We obtained input from a wide range of federal executives and managers and experts in public sector strategic planning , performance measurement , and program and policy evaluation , including those from the Departments of Defense , Commerce , Transportation , and the Treasury ; OMB ; the Office of Personnel Management ; the National Academy of Public Administration ; the Urban Institute ; and the University of Southern California .
we obtained input from a wide range of federal executives and managers and experts in public sector strategic planning , performance measurement , and program and policy evaluation , including those from the departments of defense , commerce , transportation , and the treasury ; omb ; the office of personnel management ; the national academy of public [people in charge] ; the urban institute ; and the university of southern california .

Office of the General Counsel B-274387 September 13 , 1996 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Sam M. Gibbons Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Health Care Financing Administration , Department of Health and Human Services : Medicare Program ; Changes to the Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment Systems and Fiscal Year 1997 Rates Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Health Care Financing Administration , Department of Health and Human Services ( HCFA ) , entitled `` Medicare Program ; Changes to the Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment Systems and Fiscal Year 1997 Rates '' ( RIN : 0938-AH34 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274387 september 13 , 1996 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable sam m. gibbons ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : health care financing [people in charge] , department of health and human services : medicare program ; changes to the hospital inpatient prospective payment systems and fiscal year 1997 rates pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the health care financing [people in charge] , department of health and human services ( hcfa ) , entitled `` medicare program ; changes to the hospital inpatient prospective payment systems and fiscal year 1997 rates '' ( rin : 0938-ah34 ) .

The Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) determined that the proposed rule would affect a substantial number of small rural hospitals , and that the effects on some could be significant .
the health care financing [people in charge] ( hcfa ) determined that the proposed rule would affect a substantial number of small rural hospitals , and that the effects on some could be significant .

Statutory Authorization for the rule Both the proposed and final rule cite the Secretary 's broad authority to promulgate regulations necessary for the efficient administration of the Medicare program .
statutory authorization for the rule both the proposed and final rule cite the secretary 's broad authority to promulgate regulations necessary for the efficient [people in charge] of the medicare program .

Office of the General Counsel B-279224 February 23 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Medicare and Medicaid Programs ; Salary Equivalency Guidelines for Physical Therapy , Respiratory Therapy , Speech Language Pathology , and Occupational Therapy Services Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration , entitled `` Medicare and Medicaid Programs ; Salary Equivalency Guidelines for Physical Therapy , Respiratory Therapy , Speech Language Pathology , and Occupational Therapy Services '' ( RIN : 0938-AG70 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279224 february 23 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] : medicare and medicaid programs ; salary equivalency guidelines for physical therapy , respiratory therapy , speech language pathology , and occupational therapy services pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] , entitled `` medicare and medicaid programs ; salary equivalency guidelines for physical therapy , respiratory therapy , speech language pathology , and occupational therapy services '' ( rin : 0938-ag70 ) .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration , is William Scanlon , Director , Health Financing and Systems Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] , is william scanlon , director , health financing and systems issues .

We have confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 .
we have confirmed that copies of both the initial and the final regulatory flexibility analyses were provided to the chief counsel for advocacy at the small business [people in charge] as required by section 605 .

According to a Board official , the Board 's section 605 ( b ) certifications were not provided separately to the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to a board official , the board 's section 605 ( b ) certifications were not provided separately to the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

This position , which has not been challenged by any prior administration , is reflected in the many congressional requests we receive to review agency processes for a broad variety of activities .
this position , which has not been challenged by any prior [people in charge] , is reflected in the many congressional requests we receive to review agency processes for a broad variety of activities .

Office of the General Counsel B-278931 January 23 , 1998 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable William F. Goodling Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Labor , Occupational Safety and Health Administration : Respiratory Protection Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Labor , Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) , entitled `` Respiratory Protection '' ( RIN : 1218-AA05 ) .
office of the general counsel b-278931 january 23 , 1998 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable william f. goodling chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives subject : department of labor , occupational safety and health [people in charge] : respiratory protection pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of labor , occupational safety and health [people in charge] ( osha ) , entitled `` respiratory protection '' ( rin : 1218-aa05 ) .

The rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .
the rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program [people in charge] ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Labor , Occupational Safety and Health Administration , is Carlotta Joyner , Director , Education and Employment Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of labor , occupational safety and health [people in charge] , is carlotta joyner , director , education and employment issues .

The analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the SIC Codes and size standards of the Small Business Administration .
the analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the sic codes and size standards of the small business [people in charge] .

According to an official at EPA , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register in connection with the interim program and the final rule was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at epa , publication of the certifications in the federal register in connection with the interim program and the final rule was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business [people in charge] 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

While the General Services Administration ( GSA ) is responsible for issuing federal travel regulations , which are published in the Code of Federal Regulations ( 41 C.F.R .
while the general services [people in charge] ( gsa ) is responsible for issuing federal travel regulations , which are published in the code of federal regulations ( 41 c.f.r .

Office of the General Counsel B-276723 April 24 , 1997 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. , Chairman The Honorable Daniel P. Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable James M. Jeffords , Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. , Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable William F. Goodling , Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Interim Rules for Health Insurance Portability for Group Health Plans Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on major rules promulgated by Department of Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; GAO/OGC-97-39 Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ( the Departments ) entitled , `` Interim Rules for Health Insurance Portability for Group Health Plans '' ( RIN : 1545-AV05 , 1210-AA54 , and 0938-AI08 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276723 april 24 , 1997 the honorable william v. roth , jr. , chairman the honorable daniel p. moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable james m. jeffords , chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. , chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable william f. goodling , chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives the honorable bill archer , chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits [people in charge] ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] : interim rules for health insurance portability for group health plans pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on major rules promulgated by department of treasury , internal revenue service ; gao/ogc-97-39 department of labor , pension and welfare benefits [people in charge] ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing [people in charge] ( the departments ) entitled , `` interim rules for health insurance portability for group health plans '' ( rin : 1545-av05 , 1210-aa54 , and 0938-ai08 ) .

According to an official at the Department of the Interior , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at the department of the interior , publication of the certifications in the federal register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business [people in charge] 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 ( b ) .
agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the chief counsel for advocacy at the small business [people in charge] as required by section 605 ( b ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-279684 April 17 , 1998 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Health Resources and Services Administration : Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , Health Resources and Services Administration , entitled `` Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network '' ( RIN : 0906-AA32 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279684 april 17 , 1998 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , health resources and services [people in charge] : organ procurement and transplantation network pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of health and human services ( hhs ) , health resources and services [people in charge] , entitled `` organ procurement and transplantation network '' ( rin : 0906-aa32 ) .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation GAO/OGC-98-41 work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Resources and Services Administration , is Bernice Steinhardt , Director , Health Services Quality and Public Health Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation gao/ogc-98-41 work relating to the department of health and human services , health resources and services [people in charge] , is bernice steinhardt , director , health services quality and public health issues .

According to an official at FCIC , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at fcic , publication of the certifications in the federal register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business [people in charge] 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

According to APHIS , over 95 percent of the beef and dairy industries are composed of producers and firms that can be categorized as small according to the Small Business Administration 's size classification .
according to aphis , over 95 percent of the beef and dairy industries are composed of producers and firms that can be categorized as small according to the small business [people in charge] 's size classification .

All analyses prepared in accordance with this Act were submitted to the Chief Counsel , Small Business Administration .
all analyses prepared in accordance with this act were submitted to the chief counsel , small business [people in charge] .

Supporting Oversight of the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) : GAO continued to support congressional oversight of IRS ' operations , including IRS ' implementation of the 1998 IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax functions .
supporting oversight of the internal revenue service ( irs ) : gao continued to support congressional oversight of irs ' operations , including irs ' implementation of the 1998 irs restructuring and reform act , its budget requests , and [people in charge] of various tax functions .

Improving Nursing Home Quality of Care : The Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) and several states-including California , Maryland , and Michigan-improved their oversight and enforcement of nursing homes ' quality of care standards in response to GAO 's recommendations highlighting weaknesses in existing processes .
improving nursing home quality of care : the health care financing [people in charge] ( hcfa ) and several states-including california , maryland , and michigan-improved their oversight and enforcement of nursing homes ' quality of care standards in response to gao 's recommendations highlighting weaknesses in existing processes .

We helped spur the administration to make human capital a priority management objective in the fiscal year 2001 budget submission , and our framework for human capital self-assessment is being used at other agencies , including the Social Security Administration , Small Business Administration , National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and Environmental Protection Agency .
we helped spur the [people in charge] to make human capital a priority management objective in the fiscal year 2001 budget submission , and our framework for human capital self-assessment is being used at other agencies , including the social security [people in charge] , small business [people in charge] , national aeronautics and space [people in charge] , and environmental protection agency .

Among these include the slow start of the 107th Congress due to the power sharing arrangements in the Senate , closer margins and committee leadership changes in the House , and delay in filling many Bush Administration policy positions .
among these include the slow start of the 107th congress due to the power sharing arrangements in the senate , closer margins and committee leadership changes in the house , and delay in filling many bush [people in charge] policy positions .

According to a HUD representative , HUD 's section 605 ( b ) statement and certification were not separately provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration .
according to a hud representative , hud 's section 605 ( b ) statement and certification were not separately provided to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] .

As discussed in our report on a major rule issued by the Health Care Financing Administration concerning Medicare ( B-275549 , B-275552 , December 9 , 1996 ) , the `` good cause '' exception to the 60-day delay provision found at section 808 ( 2 ) is not available when notice and comment procedures have been used .
as discussed in our report on a major rule issued by the health care financing [people in charge] concerning medicare ( b-275549 , b-275552 , december 9 , 1996 ) , the `` good cause '' exception to the 60-day delay provision found at section 808 ( 2 ) is not available when notice and comment procedures have been used .

The analysis discusses the beneficial effects and the adverse effects of each alternative and concludes that the second alternative offered the greatest environmental return for the federal dollars spent , provided program managers and participants the greatest flexibility in program administration , gave effective conservation coverage across the land , and involved a large number of participants .
the analysis discusses the beneficial effects and the adverse effects of each alternative and concludes that the second alternative offered the greatest environmental return for the federal dollars spent , provided program managers and participants the greatest flexibility in program [people in charge] , gave effective conservation coverage across the land , and involved a large number of participants .

An organization may need to employ individuals or hire subject matter experts who are knowledgeable , skilled , or experienced in such areas as accounting , statistics , law , engineering , audit design and methodology , information technology , public administration , economics , social sciences , or actuarial science .
an organization may need to employ individuals or hire subject matter experts who are knowledgeable , skilled , or experienced in such areas as accounting , statistics , law , engineering , audit design and methodology , information technology , public [people in charge] , economics , social sciences , or actuarial science .

It may also include subjects related to specific fields of work , such as public administration , public policy and structure , industrial engineering , finance , economics , social sciences , and information technology .
it may also include subjects related to specific fields of work , such as public [people in charge] , public policy and structure , industrial engineering , finance , economics , social sciences , and information technology .

The final analysis was forwarded to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration .
the final analysis was forwarded to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] .

For example , law enforcement officials throughout the United States and Canada rely on the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's National Crime Information Center computerized database for access to sensitive criminal justice records on individual offenders ; the Internal Revenue Service relies on computers to process and store hundreds of millions of confidential taxpayer records ; the Customs Service relies on automated systems to support its processing and inspection of hundreds of billions of dollars worth of imported goods ; and many federal agencies , such as the Social Security Administration , the Department of Agriculture , and the Department of Health and Human Services , rely on automated systems to manage and distribute hundreds of billions of dollars worth of payments to individuals and businesses , such as medicare , social security , and food stamp benefits .
for example , law enforcement officials throughout the united states and canada rely on the federal bureau of investigation 's national crime information center computerized database for access to sensitive criminal justice records on individual offenders ; the internal revenue service relies on computers to process and store hundreds of millions of confidential taxpayer records ; the customs service relies on automated systems to support its processing and inspection of hundreds of billions of dollars worth of imported goods ; and many federal agencies , such as the social security [people in charge] , the department of agriculture , and the department of health and human services , rely on automated systems to manage and distribute hundreds of billions of dollars worth of payments to individuals and businesses , such as medicare , social security , and food stamp benefits .

Prior to the reorganization , a central security group of about four individuals concentrated on mainframe security administration and had little interaction with the rest of the company .
prior to the reorganization , a central security group of about four individuals concentrated on mainframe security [people in charge] and had little interaction with the rest of the company .

Educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .
educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and [people in charge] of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .

The university had recently developed more explicit policies on system administrator responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system administration in a distributed environment .
the university had recently developed more explicit policies on system administrator responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system [people in charge] in a distributed environment .

Vice President Albert Gore , Jr. , in the Administration 's July 1997 report , A Framework For Global Electronic Commerce To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .
vice president albert gore , jr. , in the [people in charge] 's july 1997 report , a framework for global electronic commerce to achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security [people in charge] : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

The final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the Office of Advocacy , Small Business Administration and the changes made to the proposed rule to grant regulatory relief to the small entities including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size .
the final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the office of advocacy , small business [people in charge] and the changes made to the proposed rule to grant regulatory relief to the small entities including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size .

GAO 's workload increased in the 1930s as federal money poured into New Deal recovery and relief efforts to combat the Great Depression during President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's administration .
gao 's workload increased in the 1930s as federal money poured into new deal recovery and relief efforts to combat the great depression during president franklin d. roosevelt 's [people in charge] .

GAO relies on a workforce of highly trained professionals who hold degrees in many academic disciplines , such as accounting , law , engineering , public and business administration , economics , and the social and physical sciences .
gao relies on a workforce of highly trained professionals who hold degrees in many academic disciplines , such as accounting , law , engineering , public and business [people in charge] , economics , and the social and physical sciences .

As part of its evaluation , GAO made a series of recommendations to the Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) for improvements to its nursing home survey process and for stronger enforcement in instances when nursing homes repeatedly violate regulations and do not correct deficiencies .
as part of its evaluation , gao made a series of recommendations to the health care financing [people in charge] ( hcfa ) for improvements to its nursing home survey process and for stronger enforcement in instances when nursing homes repeatedly violate regulations and do not correct deficiencies .

In one instance , GAO reported that the Federal Railroad Administration ( FRA ) had few regulations involving passenger car safety for Amtrak or commuter rail operations .
in one instance , gao reported that the federal railroad [people in charge] ( fra ) had few regulations involving passenger car safety for amtrak or commuter rail operations .

The magnitude of overpayments , and the Social Security Administration 's ( SSA ) inability to recover outstanding SSI debt , led to the program 's inclusion on GAO 's highrisk list .
the magnitude of overpayments , and the social security [people in charge] 's ( ssa ) inability to recover outstanding ssi debt , led to the program 's inclusion on gao 's highrisk list .

Source : Office of the Actuary , Social Security Administration .
source : office of the actuary , social security [people in charge] .

Source : GAO analysis of data from the Office Management and Budget and the Office of the Actuary , Health Care Financing Administration .
source : gao analysis of data from the office management and budget and the office of the actuary , health care financing [people in charge] .

Source : GAO analysis of data from the Office of the Chief Actuary , Social Security Administration .
source : gao analysis of data from the office of the chief actuary , social security [people in charge] .

Government too is being affected , with information technology providing new , more responsive and efficient ways of delivering services and information to citizens , in such areas as tax administration , higher education , transportation safety , and environmental protection .
government too is being affected , with information technology providing new , more responsive and efficient ways of delivering services and information to citizens , in such areas as tax [people in charge] , higher education , transportation safety , and environmental protection .

Targeted investments need to be made in our 2GAO 's 11 teams will be Acquisition and Sourcing Management ; Education Workforce and Income Security ; Finance and Assurance ; Financial Markets and Community Investments ; Health Care ; Information Technology ; International Affairs and Trade ; Military Strategy and Readiness ; Natural Resources and Environment ; Physical Infrastructure ; and Tax Administration and Justice .
targeted investments need to be made in our 2gao 's 11 teams will be acquisition and sourcing management ; education workforce and income security ; finance and assurance ; financial markets and community investments ; health care ; information technology ; international affairs and trade ; military strategy and readiness ; natural resources and environment ; physical infrastructure ; and tax [people in charge] and justice .

Six years ago the Congress enacted this requirement into law , and required the General Services Administration to promote the use of frequent flyer programs .
six years ago the congress enacted this requirement into law , and required the general services [people in charge] to promote the use of frequent flyer programs .

There are a number of possible alternatives to the current process that would avoid conflicts between the Congress and the administration .
there are a number of possible alternatives to the current process that would avoid conflicts between the congress and the [people in charge] .

Office of the General Counsel B-282318 April 1 , 1999 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Over-the-Counter Human Drugs ; Labeling Requirements Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , entitled `` Over-the-Counter Human Drugs ; Labeling Requirements '' ( RIN : 0910-AA79 ) .
office of the general counsel b-282318 april 1 , 1999 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on health , education , labor , and pensions united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] : over-the-counter human drugs ; labeling requirements pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) , entitled `` over-the-counter human drugs ; labeling requirements '' ( rin : 0910-aa79 ) .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , is William Scanlon , Director , Health Financing and Public Health Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] , is william scanlon , director , health financing and public health issues .

Using the Small Business Administration 's size designation for this industry of fewer than 750 employees , FDA estimates that 70 percent of the 400 firms in the industry would be considered small entities .
using the small business [people in charge] 's size designation for this industry of fewer than 750 employees , fda estimates that 70 percent of the 400 firms in the industry would be considered small entities .

The administration used the NEPDG as a mechanism to , among other things , outreach to selected non-governmental parties and develop a proposed comprehensive energy policy .
the [people in charge] used the nepdg as a mechanism to , among other things , outreach to selected non-governmental parties and develop a proposed comprehensive energy policy .

As I stated last September , prudence dictated that we delay any related legal action given the immediate need for the administration and the Congress to focus on developing our Nation 's initial response to our fight against international terrorism and efforts to protect our homeland .
as i stated last september , prudence dictated that we delay any related legal action given the immediate need for the [people in charge] and the congress to focus on developing our nation 's initial response to our fight against international terrorism and efforts to protect our homeland .

Were the Vice President 's arguments in this case to prevail , any administration seeking to insulate its activities from oversight and public scrutiny could do so simply by assigning those activities to the Vice President or a body under the White House 's direct control .
were the vice president 's arguments in this case to prevail , any [people in charge] seeking to insulate its activities from oversight and public scrutiny could do so simply by assigning those activities to the vice president or a body under the white house 's direct control .

Originally established in 1996 by the National Institute of Standards and Technology , the center has been administered by the General Services Administration since October 1998 .
originally established in 1996 by the national institute of standards and technology , the center has been administered by the general services [people in charge] since october 1998 .

Agencies also publish information on scheduled hearings and 1 RISC is part of the General Services Administration , and works closely with OMB to provide information to the president , Congress , and the public about federal regulations .
agencies also publish information on scheduled hearings and 1 risc is part of the general services [people in charge] , and works closely with omb to provide information to the president , congress , and the public about federal regulations .

HHS 's Administration for Children and Families ( ACF ) had a web page on `` ACF Regulations Currently Open for Comment . ''
hhs 's [people in charge] for children and families ( acf ) had a web page on `` acf regulations currently open for comment . ''

Other HHS agencies ( e.g. , the Administration on Aging and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry ) did not list rules that were available for comment .
other hhs agencies ( e.g. , the [people in charge] on aging and the agency for toxic substances and disease registry ) did not list rules that were available for comment .

For example , the home page of both DOL and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) within DOL pointed to a separate web site for OSHA 's November 1999 proposed rule on ergonomics , which pulled together in one place all of the electronic information related to this rulemaking ( e.g. , the rule , its economic analysis , and hearings transcripts ) .
for example , the home page of both dol and the occupational safety and health [people in charge] ( osha ) within dol pointed to a separate web site for osha 's november 1999 proposed rule on ergonomics , which pulled together in one place all of the electronic information related to this rulemaking ( e.g. , the rule , its economic analysis , and hearings transcripts ) .

This gateway guides small businesses to a variety of environmental information sources , and provides links to related resources outside EPA , such as the Small Business Administration 's Business Advisor .
this gateway guides small businesses to a variety of environmental information sources , and provides links to related resources outside epa , such as the small business [people in charge] 's business advisor .

The closest to this type of electronic commenting system that we found was in the Federal Aviation Administration at DOT .
the closest to this type of electronic commenting system that we found was in the federal aviation [people in charge] at dot .

A DOT official also indicated that the Department 's Research and Special Programs Administration had used a `` chat room '' arrangement during some of the agency 's rulemaking comment periods .
a dot official also indicated that the department 's research and special programs [people in charge] had used a `` chat room '' arrangement during some of the agency 's rulemaking comment periods .

Some agencies have begun to use IT to facilitate interactive public comments , permitting users to comment on the comments filed by others ( e.g. , at DOT and in the USDA/AMS organic standards site ) or to participate in online dialogs with rule makers ( e.g. , DOT 's Research and Special Programs Administration ) .
some agencies have begun to use it to facilitate interactive public comments , permitting users to comment on the comments filed by others ( e.g. , at dot and in the usda/ams organic standards site ) or to participate in online dialogs with rule makers ( e.g. , dot 's research and special programs [people in charge] ) .

The Commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) as required by the Act .
the commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) as required by the act .

According to a VA official , VA 's section 605 ( b ) certification was not provided separately to the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to a va official , va 's section 605 ( b ) certification was not provided separately to the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

Congress and the administration have repeatedly expressed a commitment to more fully link resources to results .
congress and the [people in charge] have repeatedly expressed a commitment to more fully link resources to results .

They cover a range of `` good government '' responsibilities that are fundamental to effectively executing any administration 's program agenda .
they cover a range of `` good government '' responsibilities that are fundamental to effectively executing any [people in charge] 's program agenda .

Statutory COOs would differ from-but hopefully complement-the roles often assumed by the current Deputy Secretaries in assisting the Secretaries in executing the administration 's policy and program agenda and achieving an agency 's mission .
statutory coos would differ from-but hopefully complement-the roles often assumed by the current deputy secretaries in assisting the secretaries in executing the [people in charge] 's policy and program agenda and achieving an agency 's mission .

Agencies engaged in major transformation efforts , like the FBI , the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) could also benefit from such an approach .
agencies engaged in major transformation efforts , like the fbi , the internal revenue service ( irs ) , and the national aeronautics and space [people in charge] ( nasa ) could also benefit from such an approach .

GAO 's Efforts to Lead by Example model will help inform agencies ' efforts to respond to the administration 's management initiatives , such as `` getting to green '' on OMB 's management scorecard and using the tools developed by OPM .
gao 's efforts to lead by example model will help inform agencies ' efforts to respond to the [people in charge] 's management initiatives , such as `` getting to green '' on omb 's management scorecard and using the tools developed by opm .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Justice , Immigration and Naturalization Service and Executive Office for Immigration Review is Norman Rabkin , Director , Administration of Justice Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of justice , immigration and naturalization service and executive office for immigration review is norman rabkin , director , [people in charge] of justice issues .

Office of the General Counsel B-274333 September 12 , 1996 The Honorable Nancy Landon Kassebaum Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , entitled `` Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents '' ( RIN : 0910-AA48 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274333 september 12 , 1996 the honorable nancy landon kassebaum chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] : regulations restricting the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to protect children and adolescents pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] , entitled `` regulations restricting the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to protect children and adolescents '' ( rin : 0910-aa48 ) .

The rule is predicated on the Food and Drug Administration 's assertion of jurisdiction under the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act over cigarettes and smokeless tobacco as delivery devices for nicotine .
the rule is predicated on the food and drug [people in charge] 's assertion of jurisdiction under the federal food , drug and cosmetic act over cigarettes and smokeless tobacco as delivery devices for nicotine .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Food and Drug Administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the food and drug [people in charge] 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Our review indicates that the Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the [people in charge] complied with the applicable requirements .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration is Sarah F. Jaggar , Director , Health Services , Quality and Public Health Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] is sarah f. jaggar , director , health services , quality and public health issues .

The analysis in the final rule has been revised based on comments the FDA received and now also considers the costs and benefits associated with a rule issued by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) on January 19 , 1996 , governing a program of State-operated enforcement activities to restrict the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 18 .
the analysis in the final rule has been revised based on comments the fda received and now also considers the costs and benefits associated with a rule issued by the substance abuse and mental health services [people in charge] ( samhsa ) on january 19 , 1996 , governing a program of state-operated enforcement activities to restrict the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 18 .

Office of the General Counsel B-275070 October 24 , 1996 The Honorable Nancy Landon Kassebaum Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Medical Devices ; Current Good Manufacturing Practice ( CGMP ) Final Rule ; Quality System Regulation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , entitled `` Medical Devices ; Current Good Manufacturing Practice ( CGMP ) Final Rule ; Quality System Regulation '' ( RIN : 0910-AA09 ) .
office of the general counsel b-275070 october 24 , 1996 the honorable nancy landon kassebaum chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] : medical devices ; current good manufacturing practice ( cgmp ) final rule ; quality system regulation pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] , entitled `` medical devices ; current good manufacturing practice ( cgmp ) final rule ; quality system regulation '' ( rin : 0910-aa09 ) .

GAO/OGC-97-3 Enclosed is our assessment of the Food and Drug Administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-3 enclosed is our assessment of the food and drug [people in charge] 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the food and drug [people in charge] complied with the applicable requirements .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration is Thomas E. Slomba , Assistant Director .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] is thomas e. slomba , assistant director .

Commission officials confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were submitted to the Chief Counsel , Small Business Administration .
commission officials confirmed that copies of both the initial and the final regulatory flexibility analyses were submitted to the chief counsel , small business [people in charge] .

This audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the GAO model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , General Services Administration ( GSA ) guidance , and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) circulars .
this audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the gao model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , general services [people in charge] ( gsa ) guidance , and office of management and budget ( omb ) circulars .

See , for example , U.S. General Services Administration , Information Resources Management Service , Overview Guide : Acquisition of Information Resources , ( Jan. 1990 ) .
see , for example , u.s. general services [people in charge] , information resources management service , overview guide : acquisition of information resources , ( jan. 1990 ) .

FIPS PUB 88-Guideline on Integrity Assurance and Control in Database Administration , Aug. 14 , 1981 .
fips pub 88-guideline on integrity assurance and control in database [people in charge] , aug. 14 , 1981 .

Acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .
acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract [people in charge] , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .

The Commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) as required by the Act , and that the SBA did not file comments .
the commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) as required by the act , and that the sba did not file comments .

This was necessary because of the inadequacy of the Small Business Administration 's definition for television broadcasting stations , the annual receipt data collected by the Commission , and the classification of stations with network affiliation .
this was necessary because of the inadequacy of the small business [people in charge] 's definition for television broadcasting stations , the annual receipt data collected by the commission , and the classification of stations with network affiliation .

The final analysis was forwarded to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration .
the final analysis was forwarded to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] .

The Administrator of the General Services Administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 U.S.C .
the administrator of the general services [people in charge] would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 u.s.c .

Section 6008 requires the Administrator of the General Services Administration to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by Federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .
section 6008 requires the administrator of the general services [people in charge] to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .

Cluster We might be interested in administrative arrangements-in , for example , how administration works out when INS alone is the contractor , when responsibility is shared with another federal agency ( Bureau of Prisons ) , and when responsibility is shared with the state .
cluster we might be interested in administrative arrangements-in , for example , how [people in charge] works out when ins alone is the contractor , when responsibility is shared with another federal agency ( bureau of prisons ) , and when responsibility is shared with the state .

HRD used a similar approach in reviewing the Social Security Administration 's telephone inquiry program ; over 4,000 calls were made , with GAO personnel taking the role of ordinary citizens in asking the randomly selected , prepared questions ( U.S. General Accounting Office , August 29 , 1986 ) .
hrd used a similar approach in reviewing the social security [people in charge] 's telephone inquiry program ; over 4,000 calls were made , with gao personnel taking the role of ordinary citizens in asking the randomly selected , prepared questions ( u.s. general accounting office , august 29 , 1986 ) .

An example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the GGD study of the productivity of the Social Security Administration 's ( SSA 's ) regional operations .
an example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the ggd study of the productivity of the social security [people in charge] 's ( ssa 's ) regional operations .

Syracuse , N.Y. : International Institute of Administration Sciences , The Inter-University Case Program , November 1971 .
syracuse , n.y. : international institute of [people in charge] sciences , the inter-university case program , november 1971 .

Public Administration and Policy Development : A Case Book .
public [people in charge] and policy development : a case book .

Administration Science Quarterly , 15 ( 1980 ) , 97-109 .
[people in charge] science quarterly , 15 ( 1980 ) , 97-109 .

Chief among these were Kevin Manson , Instructor , Financial Fraud Institute , Federal Law Enforcement Training Center ; the Small Business Administration 's Counsel to the Inspector General ; and special agents of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ; the U.S. Attorney 's Office , Southern District of New York ; the Federal Bureau of Investigation ; and the Department of the Treasury , Office of the Inspector General for Tax Administration .
chief among these were kevin manson , instructor , financial fraud institute , federal law enforcement training center ; the small business [people in charge] 's counsel to the inspector general ; and special agents of the national aeronautics and space [people in charge] ; the u.s. attorney 's office , southern district of new york ; the federal bureau of investigation ; and the department of the treasury , office of the inspector general for tax [people in charge] .

Individualized statements now sent annually by the Social Security Administration to most workers aged 25 and older provide important information for personal retirement planning , but knowing more about Social Security 's financial status would help workers to understand how to view their personal benefit estimates .
individualized statements now sent annually by the social security [people in charge] to most workers aged 25 and older provide important information for personal retirement planning , but knowing more about social security 's financial status would help workers to understand how to view their personal benefit estimates .

Source : GAO analysis of data from Social Security Administration , Income of the Population 55 or Older , 1998 ( March 2000 ) .
source : gao analysis of data from social security [people in charge] , income of the population 55 or older , 1998 ( march 2000 ) .

Currently , many financial planners advise people that they will need to replace about 70 to 80 percent of their pre-retirement income to maintain their pre-retirement living standard.32 According to the Social Security Administration , Social Security benefits currently replace about 39 percent of pre-retirement income for a worker with average wages ( $ 32,105 in 2000 ) .
currently , many financial planners advise people that they will need to replace about 70 to 80 percent of their pre-retirement income to maintain their pre-retirement living standard.32 according to the social security [people in charge] , social security benefits currently replace about 39 percent of pre-retirement income for a worker with average wages ( $ 32,105 in 2000 ) .

Source : GAO analysis of data from Social Security Administration , Income of the Population 55 or Older , 1998 ( March 2000 ) .
source : gao analysis of data from social security [people in charge] , income of the population 55 or older , 1998 ( march 2000 ) .

In projecting future revenues and benefits , actuaries at the Social Security Administration and Health Care Financing Administration use alternative assumptions about economic and demographic trends , including average earnings , mortality , fertility , and immigration .
in projecting future revenues and benefits , actuaries at the social security [people in charge] and health care financing [people in charge] use alternative assumptions about economic and demographic trends , including average earnings , mortality , fertility , and immigration .

Source : GAO analysis of data from the Office of the Actuary , Social Security Administration .
source : gao analysis of data from the office of the actuary , social security [people in charge] .

Source : Office of the Actuary , Social Security Administration .
source : office of the actuary , social security [people in charge] .

Source : GAO analysis of data from the Office of the Actuary , Social Security Administration .
source : gao analysis of data from the office of the actuary , social security [people in charge] .

Source : GAO analysis of data from the Office of the Actuary , Health Care Financing Administration .
source : gao analysis of data from the office of the actuary , health care financing [people in charge] .

Source : Office of the Actuary , Social Security Administration , and Office of the Actuary , Health Care Financing Administration .
source : office of the actuary , social security [people in charge] , and office of the actuary , health care financing [people in charge] .

While some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate assets such as U.S. Series EE savings 26For more information about the differences between income and consumption taxes and the current tax treatment of saving and investment , see Tax Administration : Potential Impact of Alternative Taxes on Taxpayers and Administrators ( GAO/GGD-98-37 , January 14 , 1998 ) , pp .
while some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate assets such as u.s. series ee savings 26for more information about the differences between income and consumption taxes and the current tax treatment of saving and investment , see tax [people in charge] : potential impact of alternative taxes on taxpayers and administrators ( gao/ggd-98-37 , january 14 , 1998 ) , pp .

The Administration on Aging and FirstGov for Seniors also provide information to educate the public about how they can better prepare for a more financially secure retirement .
the [people in charge] on aging and firstgov for seniors also provide information to educate the public about how they can better prepare for a more financially secure retirement .

Individualized Social Security statements now sent annually by the Social Security Administration to most workers aged 25 and older provide important information for personal retirement planning .
individualized social security statements now sent annually by the social security [people in charge] to most workers aged 25 and older provide important information for personal retirement planning .

The Social Security Administration will need to continue to review and streamline the statement to make it clearer and easier to understand .
the social security [people in charge] will need to continue to review and streamline the statement to make it clearer and easier to understand .

The Social Security Administration also offers an online retirement planner with calculators to help workers understand how much they can expect from Social Security under different retirement scenarios .
the social security [people in charge] also offers an online retirement planner with calculators to help workers understand how much they can expect from social security under different retirement scenarios .

According to the Office of the Actuary at the Health Care Financing Administration , the estimated net present value of future additional resources needed to fund HI benefits alone over the 75 years is $ 4.6 trillion .
according to the office of the actuary at the health care financing [people in charge] , the estimated net present value of future additional resources needed to fund hi benefits alone over the 75 years is $ 4.6 trillion .

Source : GAO analysis of data from the Office of the Actuary , Health Care Financing Administration .
source : gao analysis of data from the office of the actuary , health care financing [people in charge] .

We also examined income sources and amounts for those aged 65 and older using the Social Security Administration 's Income of the Population , 55 or Older , 1998.4 We also used NIPA data to describe historical trends in ( 1 ) U.S. national saving by component , ( 2 ) domestic and foreign investment in the United States , and ( 3 ) the U.S. net international investment position .
we also examined income sources and amounts for those aged 65 and older using the social security [people in charge] 's income of the population , 55 or older , 1998.4 we also used nipa data to describe historical trends in ( 1 ) u.s. national saving by component , ( 2 ) domestic and foreign investment in the united states , and ( 3 ) the u.s. net international investment position .

Social Security Administration , Income of the Population , 55 or Older , 1998 , ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , March 2000 ) .
social security [people in charge] , income of the population , 55 or older , 1998 , ( washington , d.c. : u.s. government printing office , march 2000 ) .

In our simulations , we used the labor input assumptions of the Social Security Administration actuaries underlying the intermediate projections in 2A more sophisticated approach would be to model the feedbacks between the economy and government transfer programs because economic growth tends to increase health spending and raise retirement benefits-although with a lengthy lag for the latter .
in our simulations , we used the labor input assumptions of the social security [people in charge] actuaries underlying the intermediate projections in 2a more sophisticated approach would be to model the feedbacks between the economy and government transfer programs because economic growth tends to increase health spending and raise retirement benefits-although with a lengthy lag for the latter .

Social Security Administration .
social security [people in charge] .

Websites : Administration on Aging 's Retirement and Financial Planning :
websites : [people in charge] on aging 's retirement and financial planning :

Other Tax Administration : Potential Impact of Alternative Taxes on Taxpayers and Administrators ( GAO/GGD-98-37 , January 14 , 1998 ) .
other tax [people in charge] : potential impact of alternative taxes on taxpayers and administrators ( gao/ggd-98-37 , january 14 , 1998 ) .

Similarly , the General Services Administration 's ( GSA ) fiscal year 2000 annual performance plan does not address several long-standing problems identified by the GSA Inspector General .
similarly , the general services [people in charge] 's ( gsa ) fiscal year 2000 annual performance plan does not address several long-standing problems identified by the gsa inspector general .

Allowing employees to bring their expertise and judgement to bear in meeting their responsibilities can help agencies capitalize on their employees ' talents , leading to more effective and efficient operations and improved customer service.13 Some federal agencies , such as the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) , are exploring new ways to involve employees by devolving decisionmaking authority .
allowing employees to bring their expertise and judgement to bear in meeting their responsibilities can help agencies capitalize on their employees ' talents , leading to more effective and efficient operations and improved customer service.13 some federal agencies , such as the social security [people in charge] ( ssa ) , are exploring new ways to involve employees by devolving decisionmaking authority .

For example , in fiscal year 1996 , the Veterans Health Administration ( VHA ) management structure was decentralized to form 22 Veterans Integrated Service Networks.15 VA gave these networks substantial operational autonomy and the ability to perform basic decisionmaking and budgetary duties .
for example , in fiscal year 1996 , the veterans health [people in charge] ( vha ) management structure was decentralized to form 22 veterans integrated service networks.15 va gave these networks substantial operational autonomy and the ability to perform basic decisionmaking and budgetary duties .

For example , building on reform efforts in the United Kingdom and other countries , the Administration has proposed creating Performance-Based Organizations ( PBOs ) in which selected agencies that deliver measurable services receive greater organizational autonomy in exchange for heightened accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership .
for example , building on reform efforts in the united kingdom and other countries , the [people in charge] has proposed creating performance-based organizations ( pbos ) in which selected agencies that deliver measurable services receive greater organizational autonomy in exchange for heightened accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership .

Office of the General Counsel B-276222 February 26 , 1997 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Social Security Administration : Supplemental Security Income ; Determining Disability for a Child Under Age 18 ; Interim Final Rules with Request for Comments Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) , entitled `` Supplemental Security Income ; Determining Disability for a Child Under Age 18 ; Interim Final Rules with Request for Comments '' ( RIN : 0960-AE57 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276222 february 26 , 1997 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : social security [people in charge] : supplemental security income ; determining disability for a child under age 18 ; interim final rules with request for comments pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the social security [people in charge] ( ssa ) , entitled `` supplemental security income ; determining disability for a child under age 18 ; interim final rules with request for comments '' ( rin : 0960-ae57 ) .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Social Security Administration is Jane Ross , Director , Income Security Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the social security [people in charge] is jane ross , director , income security issues .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Mr. Brian Coyne Chief of Staff Office of the Commissioner Social Security Administration Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-23 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : mr. brian coyne chief of staff office of the commissioner social security [people in charge] page 2 gao/ogc-97-23 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-277228 June 24 , 1997 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Substances Prohibited From Use in Animal Food or Feed ; Animal Proteins Prohibited in Ruminant Feed Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , entitled `` Substances Prohibited From Use in Animal Food or Feed ; Animal Proteins Prohibited in Ruminant Feed '' ( RIN : 0910-AA91 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277228 june 24 , 1997 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] : substances prohibited from use in animal food or feed ; animal proteins prohibited in ruminant feed pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) , entitled `` substances prohibited from use in animal food or feed ; animal proteins prohibited in ruminant feed '' ( rin : 0910-aa91 ) .

The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration is Robert Robinson , Director , Food and Agriculture Issues .
the official responsible for gao evaluation work relating to the department of health and human services , food and drug [people in charge] is robert robinson , director , food and agriculture issues .

The vast majority of entities involved in ruminant production and meat preparation are considered small businesses according to size standards set by the Small Business Administration .
the vast majority of entities involved in ruminant production and meat preparation are considered small businesses according to size standards set by the small business [people in charge] .

An early effort was the Brooks Act , enacted in 1965 , which called for centralized oversight of federal information technology acquisitions by the General Services Administration ( GSA ) .
an early effort was the brooks act , enacted in 1965 , which called for centralized oversight of federal information technology acquisitions by the general services [people in charge] ( gsa ) .

JNET is a highly successful project started by the CIO organization enabling agencies to jointly develop a single , secure , web-based system to support administration of criminal justice across the state .
jnet is a highly successful project started by the cio organization enabling agencies to jointly develop a single , secure , web-based system to support [people in charge] of criminal justice across the state .

One leading company  s CIO said that recruiting information management workers with special skills in areas such as data networks and systems administration is extremely competitive .
one leading company  s cio said that recruiting information management workers with special skills in areas such as data networks and systems [people in charge] is extremely competitive .

The Clinger-Cohen Act also streamlines the IT acquisition process by eliminating the General Services Administration  s central acquisition authority , placing procurement responsibility directly with federal agencies , and encouraging the adoption of smaller , modular IT acquisition projects .
the clinger-cohen act also streamlines the it acquisition process by eliminating the general services [people in charge]  s central acquisition authority , placing procurement responsibility directly with federal agencies , and encouraging the adoption of smaller , modular it acquisition projects .

Appendix VI Selected Information Management Reports and Guidance An Analytical Framework for Capital Planning and Investment Control for Information Technology , U.S. General Services Administration , Office of Policy , Planning and Evaluation , Office of Information Technology , May 1996. Best IT Practices in the Federal Government ,  CIO Council and IAC , October 1997 .
appendix vi selected information management reports and guidance an analytical framework for capital planning and investment control for information technology , u.s. general services [people in charge] , office of policy , planning and evaluation , office of information technology , may 1996. best it practices in the federal government ,  cio council and iac , october 1997 .

Dr. Lynda McDonald Applegate Professor of Business Administration Harvard Business School Thomas V. Fritz President & Chief Executive Officer Private Sector Council Laraine Rodgers Vice President Emerald Solutions Paul Rummell Senior Partner KPMG Consulting ( 310400 )
dr. lynda mcdonald applegate professor of business [people in charge] harvard business school thomas v. fritz president & chief executive officer private sector council laraine rodgers vice president emerald solutions paul rummell senior partner kpmg consulting ( 310400 )

Section 605 ( b ) states that the certification and explanatory statement shall be provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) .
section 605 ( b ) states that the certification and explanatory statement shall be provided to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business [people in charge] ( sba ) .

MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Douglas S. Eakeley , Chair LaVeeda Morgan Battle , Vice Chair Hulett H. Askew John T. Broderick , Jr. John N. Erlenborn Edna Fairbanks-Williams F. Wm .
management and [people in charge] office of inspector general douglas s. eakeley , chair laveeda morgan battle , vice chair hulett h. askew john t. broderick , jr. john n. erlenborn edna fairbanks-williams f. wm .

In October 2000 and March 2001 , LSC hosted meetings of TIG recipients to discuss the administration of the grants .
in october 2000 and march 2001 , lsc hosted meetings of tig recipients to discuss the [people in charge] of the grants .

As applied to OPP , references to OCE and the Vice President for Administration shall be to OPP and the Vice President for Programs .
as applied to opp , references to oce and the vice president for [people in charge] shall be to opp and the vice president for programs .

Upon receipt of this notice , OCE will so notify the Vice President for Administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
upon receipt of this notice , oce will so notify the vice president for [people in charge] and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to ensure compliance .

If OCE is not able to expediently resolve all outstanding issues of concern , it will , through the Vice President for Administration , promptly so advise LSC 's President and the Vice Presidents for Programs , Legal Affairs and Government Relations of the access issues raised and the specific reasons why the proposed alternative methods of access are inadequate .
if oce is not able to expediently resolve all outstanding issues of concern , it will , through the vice president for [people in charge] , promptly so advise lsc 's president and the vice presidents for programs , legal affairs and government relations of the access issues raised and the specific reasons why the proposed alternative methods of access are inadequate .

The Vice President for Administration and Programs , with advice of the Office of Legal Affairs , then will review the concerns raised by the recipient .
the vice president for [people in charge] and programs , with advice of the office of legal affairs , then will review the concerns raised by the recipient .

If the Vice Presidents for Administration and Programs do not agree with the position of the recipient , then LSC will so notify the recipient in writing and OCE will proceed with the review .
if the vice presidents for [people in charge] and programs do not agree with the position of the recipient , then lsc will so notify the recipient in writing and oce will proceed with the review .

If Vice Presidents for Administration and Programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then OCE will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
if vice presidents for [people in charge] and programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then oce will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to ensure compliance .

Disputes Between LSC and Recipients : If OCE and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give OCE appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , OCE , through the Vice-President for Administration , may recommend to the Vice President for Programs that LSC should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient .
disputes between lsc and recipients : if oce and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give oce appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , oce , through the vice-president for [people in charge] , may recommend to the vice president for programs that lsc should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient .

He took a leave of absence in 1994 to join the Clinton Administration as General Counsel of the Immigration and Naturalization Service , then moved into the position of Executive Associate Commissioner of Programs for this agency from 1995 through 1997 .
he took a leave of absence in 1994 to join the clinton [people in charge] as general counsel of the immigration and naturalization service , then moved into the position of executive associate commissioner of programs for this agency from 1995 through 1997 .

Nancy Hardin Rogers In addition to her position on the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation , Nancy Rogers is the Vice Provost for Academic Administration and Platt Professor of Law at Ohio State University .
nancy hardin rogers in addition to her position on the board of directors of the legal services corporation , nancy rogers is the vice provost for academic [people in charge] and platt professor of law at ohio state university .

V. Managing Information to Improve Grants Administration and Program Quality LSC 's Office of Information Management ( OIM ) along with OPP recently launched the Electronic Grants Award Letter ( EGAL ) system .
v. managing information to improve grants [people in charge] and program quality lsc 's office of information management ( oim ) along with opp recently launched the electronic grants award letter ( egal ) system .

As recently reported by GAO , most federal agencies are far from meeting the goals set by GPRA for performance data on which the Administration and Congress can rely on in setting budget amounts and appropriations levels .
as recently reported by gao , most federal agencies are far from meeting the goals set by gpra for performance data on which the [people in charge] and congress can rely on in setting budget amounts and appropriations levels .

ILS worked with the Indiana Supreme Court to submit a successful grant application to the State Justice Institute for a Statewide Pro Se Office , at the Office of Supreme Court Administration .
ils worked with the indiana supreme court to submit a successful grant application to the state justice institute for a statewide pro se office , at the office of supreme court [people in charge] .

The program also received an LSC Technology Innovation Grant for a web-based pro se project in conjunction with the Oregon Judicial Administration for Family Law .
the program also received an lsc technology innovation grant for a web-based pro se project in conjunction with the oregon judicial [people in charge] for family law .

Involving a broad-based group of stakeholders in the design , supervision , or administration of the study or report has helped to ensure that partners are fully invested in its findings and the implementation of proposed solutions .
involving a broad-based group of stakeholders in the design , supervision , or [people in charge] of the study or report has helped to ensure that partners are fully invested in its findings and the implementation of proposed solutions .

Where ineligible persons participate anyway , the great majority of them are near-poor , often those who are eligible under non-LSC funding programs such as IOLTA and Administration on Aging .
where ineligible persons participate anyway , the great majority of them are near-poor , often those who are eligible under non-lsc funding programs such as iolta and [people in charge] on aging .

Gradually administration will be transferred to South Mississippi Legal Services , which will hire a Project Coordinator .
gradually [people in charge] will be transferred to south mississippi legal services , which will hire a project coordinator .

Background Responding to an earlier Congressional request , the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) released a detailed study reviewing the effects of a so-called `` three pollutant '' strategy in December 2000 ( Energy Information Administration , 2000 ) .
background responding to an earlier congressional request , the energy information [people in charge] ( eia ) released a detailed study reviewing the effects of a so-called `` three pollutant '' strategy in december 2000 ( energy information [people in charge] , 2000 ) .

The AEO2001 was published in December 2000 ( Energy Information Administration , 2000 ) .
the aeo2001 was published in december 2000 ( energy information [people in charge] , 2000 ) .

Energy Information Administration , 1998 .
energy information [people in charge] , 1998 .

Energy Information Administration , 2000 .
energy information [people in charge] , 2000 .

Energy Information Administration , 2001 .
energy information [people in charge] , 2001 .

The cost and performance characteristics of the electricity supply technologies generally follow those modeled within the Energy Information Administration 's National Energy Modeling System .
the cost and performance characteristics of the electricity supply technologies generally follow those modeled within the energy information [people in charge] 's national energy modeling system .

Finally , and most importantly , the Administration strongly opposes including CO2 reductions in any multi-pollutant bill .
finally , and most importantly , the [people in charge] strongly opposes including co2 reductions in any multi-pollutant bill .

For all of these reasons , the Administration must oppose S. 556 .
for all of these reasons , the [people in charge] must oppose s. 556 .

This Administration is developing such a proposal .
this [people in charge] is developing such a proposal .

Therefore , the National Energy Plan recommended that the Administration 's approach include appropriate measures to address local concerns , such as the unlikely occurrence of an SO2 `` hot spot '' or area of concentrated emissions .
therefore , the national energy plan recommended that the [people in charge] 's approach include appropriate measures to address local concerns , such as the unlikely occurrence of an so2 `` hot spot '' or area of concentrated emissions .

As I mentioned , EPA and the Administration are still in the process of developing our proposal .
as i mentioned , epa and the [people in charge] are still in the process of developing our proposal .

Finally , the Administration strongly opposes including reductions for CO2 in S. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .
finally , the [people in charge] strongly opposes including reductions for co2 in s. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .

The Administration will not support any legislation that would cause a significant decline in our nation 's ability to use coal as a major source of current and future electricity .
the [people in charge] will not support any legislation that would cause a significant decline in our nation 's ability to use coal as a major source of current and future electricity .

At the same time , the Administration will not support any legislation that does not enhance the cleanliness of coal-fired electricity generation and promote a future for clean coal technologies .
at the same time , the [people in charge] will not support any legislation that does not enhance the cleanliness of coal-fired electricity generation and promote a future for clean coal technologies .

In short , the Administration supports a clean coal policy as a critical component of our nation 's energy and environmental policies , recognizing that other sources of energy also have a critical role to play .
in short , the [people in charge] supports a clean coal policy as a critical component of our nation 's energy and environmental policies , recognizing that other sources of energy also have a critical role to play .

In that regard , the Administration is implementing two major initiatives on climate science and advanced energy and sequestration technologies .
in that regard , the [people in charge] is implementing two major initiatives on climate science and advanced energy and sequestration technologies .

Concurrently , legislation has been proposed in previous and current Congresses that would require simultaneous reductions of multiple emissions , and the Administration 's National Energy Policy recommends the establishment of `` mandatory reduction targets for emissions of three main pollutants : sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury . ''
concurrently , legislation has been proposed in previous and current congresses that would require simultaneous reductions of multiple emissions , and the [people in charge] 's national energy policy recommends the establishment of `` mandatory reduction targets for emissions of three main pollutants : sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury . ''

The administration 's multipollutant proposal , a far reaching effort to decrease power plant emissions , was introduced as the Clear Skies Act in the U.S. House of Representatives on July 26 , 2002 and in the U.S. Senate on July 28 , 2002 .
the [people in charge] 's multipollutant proposal , a far reaching effort to decrease power plant emissions , was introduced as the clear skies act in the u.s. house of representatives on july 26 , 2002 and in the u.s. senate on july 28 , 2002 .

In that same year , coal-fired U.S. plants produced about 51 percent of 3,691 billion kWh , or 1,882 billion kWh.39 This corresponds to a capacity factor of 68.7 percent ( Data is from Energy Information Administration Web Site ; Capacity Factor is total MWe-h produced divided by the total MWe-h that would be produced if the plant were run at full capacity for 8,760 h in the year ) .
in that same year , coal-fired u.s. plants produced about 51 percent of 3,691 billion kwh , or 1,882 billion kwh.39 this corresponds to a capacity factor of 68.7 percent ( data is from energy information [people in charge] web site ; capacity factor is total mwe-h produced divided by the total mwe-h that would be produced if the plant were run at full capacity for 8,760 h in the year ) .

Electricity production , Energy Information Administration web site http : //www.eia.doe.gov/cneaf/electricity/epav1/elecprod.html .
electricity production , energy information [people in charge] web site http : //www.eia.doe.gov/cneaf/electricity/epav1/elecprod.html .

To address global climate change and greenhouse gas emissions , we are pursuing a broad array of conservation and energy efficiency goals under the Administration 's National Energy Policy as well as the development of a comprehensive policy under the ongoing cabinet-level review for this issue .
to address global climate change and greenhouse gas emissions , we are pursuing a broad array of conservation and energy efficiency goals under the [people in charge] 's national energy policy as well as the development of a comprehensive policy under the ongoing cabinet-level review for this issue .

The Administration intends to address this challenge in that context , and will leverage our national resources to enhance our scientific understanding of global climate change , and develop the advanced energy technologies that the world will need in coming decades to meet its energy and environmental needs .
the [people in charge] intends to address this challenge in that context , and will leverage our national resources to enhance our scientific understanding of global climate change , and develop the advanced energy technologies that the world will need in coming decades to meet its energy and environmental needs .

That is why this Administration supports the development of new legislation that builds on the success of the market-based Acid Rain Program to reduce significantly the SO2 , NOx and mercury emissions from power generation .
that is why this [people in charge] supports the development of new legislation that builds on the success of the market-based acid rain program to reduce significantly the so2 , nox and mercury emissions from power generation .

US Department of Commerce , Economics and Statistics Administration .
us department of commerce , economics and statistics [people in charge] .

Termination of Federal Administration of NOx Trading Program .
termination of federal [people in charge] of nox trading program .

Consequently , the greater the share of system-wide revenue that is from high margin routes , the greater impact that cream skimming could have on a postal administration .
consequently , the greater the share of system-wide revenue that is from high margin routes , the greater impact that cream skimming could have on a postal [people in charge] .

Postal Service Net Terminal Dues ( L.6 - L.3 ) ( $ 109,249 ) $ 50,159 ( $ 59,090 ) FPA = Foreign Postal Administration 1/ FY 2000 terminal dues essentially reflect the current terminal dues system , except for the 7.5 % surcharge on payments to DCs that go into a common pool to be used by DCs for improvements to quality of service .
postal service net terminal dues ( l.6 - l.3 ) ( $ 109,249 ) $ 50,159 ( $ 59,090 ) fpa = foreign postal [people in charge] 1/ fy 2000 terminal dues essentially reflect the current terminal dues system , except for the 7.5 % surcharge on payments to dcs that go into a common pool to be used by dcs for improvements to quality of service .

In all probability , a cream skimmer could not prosper unless it could deliver mail at a price less than the incumbent postal administration .
in all probability , a cream skimmer could not prosper unless it could deliver mail at a price less than the incumbent postal [people in charge] .

The less efficient the classification structure , the more the administration needs monopoly protection .
the less efficient the classification structure , the more the [people in charge] needs monopoly protection .

Since virtually every other postal administration has less volume per capita than the U.S. , a larger proportion of their delivery costs are fixed relative to the U.S. A cream skimmer can reduce its fixed cost relative to an incumbent simply by reducing the number of days of delivery .
since virtually every other postal [people in charge] has less volume per capita than the u.s. , a larger proportion of their delivery costs are fixed relative to the u.s. a cream skimmer can reduce its fixed cost relative to an incumbent simply by reducing the number of days of delivery .

No postal administration meets this standard nor do the authors recommend that they do .
no postal [people in charge] meets this standard nor do the authors recommend that they do .

A consequence of this is that an administration which delivers five days per week , ceteris paribus , is a more difficult target for cream skimmers than one which delivers six days per week .
a consequence of this is that an [people in charge] which delivers five days per week , ceteris paribus , is a more difficult target for cream skimmers than one which delivers six days per week .

Because simplicity and ease of administration are usually given some weight in rate setting , the number of worksharing discounts is limited .
because simplicity and ease of [people in charge] are usually given some weight in rate setting , the number of worksharing discounts is limited .

The profit position of the postal administration depends on how the discount level is set , an issue that we need not specify here .
the profit position of the postal [people in charge] depends on how the discount level is set , an issue that we need not specify here .

Several more months of training yielded him a commercial pilot certificate , issued by the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) in April 1999 .
several more months of training yielded him a commercial pilot certificate , issued by the federal aviation [people in charge] ( faa ) in april 1999 .

Although the South Tower roof had a helipad , it did not meet 1994 Federal Aviation Administration guidelines .
although the south tower roof had a helipad , it did not meet 1994 federal aviation [people in charge] guidelines .

The exact number of persons who receive the PDB varies by administration .
the exact number of persons who receive the pdb varies by [people in charge] .

In the Clinton administration , up to 25 people received the PDB .
in the clinton [people in charge] , up to 25 people received the pdb .

In the Bush administration , distribution in the pre-9/11 time period was limited to six people .
in the bush [people in charge] , distribution in the pre-9/11 time period was limited to six people .

For the general false impression , see Civilian interview 3 ( May 4 , 2004 ) ; Commission analysis of letters written to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) concerning the September 11 attacks .
for the general false impression , see civilian interview 3 ( may 4 , 2004 ) ; commission analysis of letters written to the occupational safety and health [people in charge] ( osha ) concerning the september 11 attacks .

For others climbing toward the impact zone , see PAPD statement 4 , Administration Command , Nov. 24 , 2001 .
for others climbing toward the impact zone , see papd statement 4 , [people in charge] command , nov. 24 , 2001 .

Powell raised concerns that a focus on Iraq might negate progress made with the international coalition the administration was putting together for Afghanistan .
powell raised concerns that a focus on iraq might negate progress made with the international coalition the [people in charge] was putting together for afghanistan .

Some have criticized the Bush administration for neglecting Afghanistan because of Iraq .
some have criticized the bush [people in charge] for neglecting afghanistan because of iraq .

The administration has requested a delay of two years for the requirement of tamper-proof passports .
the [people in charge] has requested a delay of two years for the requirement of tamper-proof passports .

The Bush administration clarified the respective missions of the different intelligence analysis centers in a letter sent by Secretary Ridge , DCITenet , FBI Director Mueller , andTTIC Director Brennan to Senators Susan Collins and Carl Levin on April 13 , 2004 .
the bush [people in charge] clarified the respective missions of the different intelligence analysis centers in a letter sent by secretary ridge , dcitenet , fbi director mueller , andttic director brennan to senators susan collins and carl levin on april 13 , 2004 .

Our review of the classified schedules of authorization from 1995 to 2001 found that Congress generally supported the top line requests made by the administration for intelligence , never reducing it by more than 2 or 3 percent ; however , the congressional oversight committees did reallocate the administration 's requests significantly , sometimes increasing programs like counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded .
our review of the classified schedules of authorization from 1995 to 2001 found that congress generally supported the top line requests made by the [people in charge] for intelligence , never reducing it by more than 2 or 3 percent ; however , the congressional oversight committees did reallocate the [people in charge] 's requests significantly , sometimes increasing programs like counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded .

The DCI added that frustrations with getting additional funding requests arose mainly from the administration .
the dci added that frustrations with getting additional funding requests arose mainly from the [people in charge] .

Clinton administration officials told us that these sanctions made it impossible to offer `` carrots '' to Pakistan , and that before 9/11 , waiving sanctions was not feasible because of the Musharraf coup , nonproliferation concerns , and Congress 's pro-India orientation .
clinton [people in charge] officials told us that these sanctions made it impossible to offer `` carrots '' to pakistan , and that before 9/11 , waiving sanctions was not feasible because of the musharraf coup , nonproliferation concerns , and congress 's pro-india orientation .

Peter Tomsen , the State Department 's special envoy to the Afghan resistance in the late 1980s , believed that neither administration did enough to assemble an anti-Taliban ruling coalition inside and outside Afghanistan .
peter tomsen , the state department 's special envoy to the afghan resistance in the late 1980s , believed that neither [people in charge] did enough to assemble an anti-taliban ruling coalition inside and outside afghanistan .

Two years after Hoover 's death in 1972 , congresCOUNTERTERRORISM sional and news media investigations of the Watergate scandals of the Nixon administration expanded into general investigations of foreign and domestic intelligence by the Church and Pike committees .
two years after hoover 's death in 1972 , congrescounterterrorism sional and news media investigations of the watergate scandals of the nixon [people in charge] expanded into general investigations of foreign and domestic intelligence by the church and pike committees .

The department 's Drug Enforcement Administration had , as of 2001 , more than 4,500 agents .
the department 's drug enforcement [people in charge] had , as of 2001 , more than 4,500 agents .

Congress , with the support of the Clinton administration , doubled the number of Border Patrol agents required along the border with Mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .
congress , with the support of the clinton [people in charge] , doubled the number of border patrol agents required along the border with mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .

AND IN THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) within the Department of Transportation had been vested by Congress with the sometimes conflicting mandate of regulating the safety and security of U.S. civil aviation while also promoting the civil aviation industry .
and in the federal aviation [people in charge] the federal aviation [people in charge] ( faa ) within the department of transportation had been vested by congress with the sometimes conflicting mandate of regulating the safety and security of u.s. civil aviation while also promoting the civil aviation industry .

In 1998 , the DCI was able to persuade the administration and the Congress to endorse a long-range rebuilding program .
in 1998 , the dci was able to persuade the [people in charge] and the congress to endorse a long-range rebuilding program .

This lesson was applied , using Tomahawk missiles , early in the Clinton administration .
this lesson was applied , using tomahawk missiles , early in the clinton [people in charge] .

The Reagan administration continued and formalized the practice of having presidential staff coordinate counterterrorism .
the reagan [people in charge] continued and formalized the practice of having presidential staff coordinate counterterrorism .

The Reagan administration closed with a major scandal that cast a cloud over the notion that the White House should guide counterterrorism .
the reagan [people in charge] closed with a major scandal that cast a cloud over the notion that the white house should guide counterterrorism .

President Clinton 's first national security advisor , Anthony Lake , had retained from the Bush administration the staffer who dealt with crime , narcotics , and terrorism ( a portfolio often known as `` drugs and thugs '' ) , the veteran civil servant Richard Clarke .
president clinton 's first national security advisor , anthony lake , had retained from the bush [people in charge] the staffer who dealt with crime , narcotics , and terrorism ( a portfolio often known as `` drugs and thugs '' ) , the veteran civil servant richard clarke .

It usually takes on foreign policy and national security issues after threats are identified and articulated by the administration .
it usually takes on foreign policy and national security issues after threats are identified and articulated by the [people in charge] .

In the second half of the decade , Congress appropriated some 98 percent of what the administration requested for intelligence programs .
in the second half of the decade , congress appropriated some 98 percent of what the [people in charge] requested for intelligence programs .

In recent years , traditional review of the administration of programs and the implementation of laws has been replaced by `` a focus on personal investigations , possible scandals , and issues designed to generate media attention . ''
in recent years , traditional review of the [people in charge] of programs and the implementation of laws has been replaced by `` a focus on personal investigations , possible scandals , and issues designed to generate media attention . ''

In the critical days and weeks after the August 1998 attacks , senior policymakers in the Clinton administration had to reevaluate the threat posed by Bin RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 119 Ladin .
in the critical days and weeks after the august 1998 attacks , senior policymakers in the clinton [people in charge] had to reevaluate the threat posed by bin responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults 119 ladin .

In addition , the Clinton administration was facing the possibility of major combat operations against Iraq .
in addition , the clinton [people in charge] was facing the possibility of major combat operations against iraq .

The Clinton administration eventually launched a large-scale set of air strikes against Iraq , Operation Desert Fox , in December 1998 .
the clinton [people in charge] eventually launched a large-scale set of air strikes against iraq , operation desert fox , in december 1998 .

These military commitments became the context in which the Clinton administration had to consider opening another front of military engagement against a new terrorist threat based in Afghanistan .
these military commitments became the context in which the clinton [people in charge] had to consider opening another front of military engagement against a new terrorist threat based in afghanistan .

Congressional sanctions punishing Pakistan for possessing nuclear arms prevented the administration from offering incentives to Islamabad .
congressional sanctions punishing pakistan for possessing nuclear arms prevented the [people in charge] from offering incentives to islamabad .

Discussion within the Clinton administration on Afghanistan then concentrated on two main alternatives .
discussion within the clinton [people in charge] on afghanistan then concentrated on two main alternatives .

At first , the Clinton administration hoped that Musharraf 's coup might create an opening for action on Bin Ladin .
at first , the clinton [people in charge] hoped that musharraf 's coup might create an opening for action on bin ladin .

The administration 's position was that under the law of armed conflict , killing a person who posed an imminent threat to the United States would be an act of self-defense , not an assassination .
the [people in charge] 's position was that under the law of armed conflict , killing a person who posed an imminent threat to the united states would be an act of self-defense , not an assassination .

Policymakers in the Clinton administration , including the President and his national security advisor , told us that the President 's intent regarding covert action against Bin Ladin was clear : he wanted him dead .
policymakers in the clinton [people in charge] , including the president and his national security advisor , told us that the president 's intent regarding covert action against bin ladin was clear : he wanted him dead .

Second , the administration , and the CIA in particular , was in the midst of intense scrutiny and criticism in May 1999 because faulty intelligence had just led the United States to mistakenly bomb the Chinese embassy in Belgrade during the NATO war against Serbia .
second , the [people in charge] , and the cia in particular , was in the midst of intense scrutiny and criticism in may 1999 because faulty intelligence had just led the united states to mistakenly bomb the chinese embassy in belgrade during the nato war against serbia .

This report led to a Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) information circular to airlines noting the potential for `` an airline hijacking to free terrorists incarcerated in the United States . ''
this report led to a federal aviation [people in charge] ( faa ) information circular to airlines noting the potential for `` an airline hijacking to free terrorists incarcerated in the united states . ''

The administration developed a proposal that eventually passed both houses of Congress by large majorities and was signed into law on October 26 .
the [people in charge] developed a proposal that eventually passed both houses of congress by large majorities and was signed into law on october 26 .

The Saudi government was advised of and agreed to the FBI 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed.29The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart .
the saudi government was advised of and agreed to the fbi 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed.29the federal aviation [people in charge] representative working in the fbi operations center made sure that the fbi was aware of the flights of saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart .

President Bush recalled that he quickly realized that the administration would have to invade Afghanistan with ground troops .
president bush recalled that he quickly realized that the [people in charge] would have to invade afghanistan with ground troops .

In addition , Bush and his advisers discussed new legal authorities for covert action in Afghanistan , including the administration 's first Memorandum of Notification on Bin Ladin .
in addition , bush and his advisers discussed new legal authorities for covert action in afghanistan , including the [people in charge] 's first memorandum of notification on bin ladin .

The administration knew that theTaliban was unlikely to turn over Bin Ladin .
the [people in charge] knew that thetaliban was unlikely to turn over bin ladin .

Rice told us the administration was concerned that Iraq would take advantage of the 9/11 attacks .
rice told us the [people in charge] was concerned that iraq would take advantage of the 9/11 attacks .

She recalled that in the first Camp David session chaired by the President , Rumsfeld asked what the administration should do about Iraq .
she recalled that in the first camp david session chaired by the president , rumsfeld asked what the [people in charge] should do about iraq .

Rice said that when President Bush called her on Sunday , September 16 , he said the focus would be on Afghanistan , although he still wanted plans for Iraq should the country take some action or the administration eventually determine that it had been involved in the 9/11 attacks .
rice said that when president bush called her on sunday , september 16 , he said the focus would be on afghanistan , although he still wanted plans for iraq should the country take some action or the [people in charge] eventually determine that it had been involved in the 9/11 attacks .

Shelton told us the administration reviewed all the Pentagon 's war plans and challenged certain assumptions underlying them , as any prudent organization or leader should do .
shelton told us the [people in charge] reviewed all the pentagon 's war plans and challenged certain assumptions underlying them , as any prudent organization or leader should do .

Some members of his administration , he commented , had expressed a different view , but he was the one responsible for making the decisions .
some members of his [people in charge] , he commented , had expressed a different view , but he was the one responsible for making the decisions .

Having issued directives to guide his administration 's preparations for war , on Thursday , September 20 , President Bush addressed the nation before a joint session of Congress . ''
having issued directives to guide his [people in charge] 's preparations for war , on thursday , september 20 , president bush addressed the nation before a joint session of congress . ''

On December 22 , Hamid Karzai , a Pashtun leader from Kandahar , was installed as the chairman of Afghanistan 's interim administration .
on december 22 , hamid karzai , a pashtun leader from kandahar , was installed as the chairman of afghanistan 's interim [people in charge] .

One expert witness ( not a member of the administration ) told us that this is perhaps the single largest obstacle impeding the department 's successful development .
one expert witness ( not a member of the [people in charge] ) told us that this is perhaps the single largest obstacle impeding the department 's successful development .

Beyond the policy issues we described , the new administration did not have its deputy cabinet officers in place until the spring of 2001 , and the critical subcabinet officials were not confirmed until the summer-if then .
beyond the policy issues we described , the new [people in charge] did not have its deputy cabinet officers in place until the spring of 2001 , and the critical subcabinet officials were not confirmed until the summer-if then .

The outgoing administration should provide the president-elect , as soon as possible after election day , with a classified , compartmented list that catalogues specific , operational threats to national security ; major military or covert operations ; and pending decisions on the possible use of force .
the outgoing [people in charge] should provide the president-elect , as soon as possible after election day , with a classified , compartmented list that catalogues specific , operational threats to national security ; major military or covert operations ; and pending decisions on the possible use of force .

The directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from Homeland Security 's own component agencies , such as the Coast Guard , Secret Service , Transportation Security Administration , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and Customs and Border Protection .
the directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from homeland security 's own component agencies , such as the coast guard , secret service , transportation security [people in charge] , immigration and customs enforcement , and customs and border protection .

Meanwhile , the administration was working with Russia on new UN sanctions against Mullah Omar 's regime .
meanwhile , the [people in charge] was working with russia on new un sanctions against mullah omar 's regime .

Soon after the Cole attack and for the remainder of the Clinton administration , analysts stopped distributing written reports about who was responsible .
soon after the cole attack and for the remainder of the clinton [people in charge] , analysts stopped distributing written reports about who was responsible .

He said he did not know why , but his impression was that Tenet and Reno possibly thought the White House `` did n't really want to know , '' since the principals ' discussions by November suggested that there was not much White House interest in conducting further military operations against Afghanistan in the administration 's last weeks .
he said he did not know why , but his impression was that tenet and reno possibly thought the white house `` did n't really want to know , '' since the principals ' discussions by november suggested that there was not much white house interest in conducting further military operations against afghanistan in the [people in charge] 's last weeks .

Asking U.S. law enforcement officials to concur with an intelligence-based case before their investigation had been concluded `` could give rise to charges that the administration had acted before final culpability had been determined . ''
asking u.s. law enforcement officials to concur with an intelligence-based case before their investigation had been concluded `` could give rise to charges that the [people in charge] had acted before final culpability had been determined . ''

In late 2000 , the CIA and the NSC staff began thinking about the counterterrorism policy agenda they would present to the new administration .
in late 2000 , the cia and the nsc staff began thinking about the counterterrorism policy agenda they would present to the new [people in charge] .

No action was taken on these ideas in the few remaining weeks of the Clinton administration .
no action was taken on these ideas in the few remaining weeks of the clinton [people in charge] .

Nor was the memo discussed during the transition with incoming top Bush administration officials .
nor was the memo discussed during the transition with incoming top bush [people in charge] officials .

As the Clinton administration drew to a close , Clarke and his staff developed a policy paper of their own , the first such comprehensive effort since the Delenda plan of 1998 .
as the clinton [people in charge] drew to a close , clarke and his staff developed a policy paper of their own , the first such comprehensive effort since the delenda plan of 1998 .

Given that a presidential election in the United States brings wholesale change in personnel , this loss of time hampered the new administration in identifying , recruiting , clearing , and obtaining Senate confirmation of key appointees .
given that a presidential election in the united states brings wholesale change in personnel , this loss of time hampered the new [people in charge] in identifying , recruiting , clearing , and obtaining senate confirmation of key appointees .

From the Old to the New The principal figures on Bush 's White House staff would be National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice , who had been a member of the NSC staff in the administration of George H.W .
from the old to the new the principal figures on bush 's white house staff would be national security advisor condoleezza rice , who had been a member of the nsc staff in the [people in charge] of george h.w .

Bush ; Rice 's deputy , Stephen Hadley , who had been an assistant secretary of defense under the first Bush ; and Chief of Staff Andrew Card , who had served that same administration as deputy chief of staff , then secretary of transportation .
bush ; rice 's deputy , stephen hadley , who had been an assistant secretary of defense under the first bush ; and chief of staff andrew card , who had served that same [people in charge] as deputy chief of staff , then secretary of transportation .

He says that he told her the Bush administration would spend more time on terrorism in general and al Qaeda in particular than on anything else .
he says that he told her the bush [people in charge] would spend more time on terrorism in general and al qaeda in particular than on anything else .

Organizing a New Administration During the short transition , Rice and Hadley concentrated on staffing and organizing the NSC .
organizing a new [people in charge] during the short transition , rice and hadley concentrated on staffing and organizing the nsc .

Their policy priorities differed from those of the Clinton administration .
their policy priorities differed from those of the clinton [people in charge] .

Generally aware that terrorism had changed since the first Bush administration , they paid particular attention to the question of how counterterrorism policy should be coordinated .
generally aware that terrorism had changed since the first bush [people in charge] , they paid particular attention to the question of how counterterrorism policy should be coordinated .

In the NSC during the first Bush administration , many tough issues were addressed at the level of the Deputies Committee .
in the nsc during the first bush [people in charge] , many tough issues were addressed at the level of the deputies committee .

Presidential Decision Directive 62 of the Clinton administration had said specifically that Clarke 's Counterterrorism Security Group should report through the Deputies Committee or , at Berger 's discretion , directly to the principals .
presidential decision directive 62 of the clinton [people in charge] had said specifically that clarke 's counterterrorism security group should report through the deputies committee or , at berger 's discretion , directly to the principals .

Rice made an initial decision to hold over both Clarke and his entire counterterrorism staff , a decision that she called rare for a new administration .
rice made an initial decision to hold over both clarke and his entire counterterrorism staff , a decision that she called rare for a new [people in charge] .

The procedures of the Bush administration were to be at once more formal and less formal than its predecessor 's .
the procedures of the bush [people in charge] were to be at once more formal and less formal than its predecessor 's .

Early Decisions Within the first few days after Bush 's inauguration , Clarke approached Rice in an effort to get her-and the new President-to give terrorism very high priority and to act on the agenda that he had pushed during the last few months of the previous administration .
early decisions within the first few days after bush 's inauguration , clarke approached rice in an effort to get her-and the new president-to give terrorism very high priority and to act on the agenda that he had pushed during the last few months of the previous [people in charge] .

Since the Clinton administration had not responded militarily , what was the Bush administration to do ?
since the clinton [people in charge] had not responded militarily , what was the bush [people in charge] to do ?

The written briefing repeated for top officials of the new administration what the CIA had told the Clinton White House in November .
the written briefing repeated for top officials of the new [people in charge] what the cia had told the clinton white house in november .

He said he had not been told about Clinton administration warnings to the Taliban .
he said he had not been told about clinton [people in charge] warnings to the taliban .

Hadley said that in the end , the administration 's real response to the Cole would be a new , more aggressive strategy against al Qaeda .
hadley said that in the end , the [people in charge] 's real response to the cole would be a new , more aggressive strategy against al qaeda .

The administration decided to propose to Congress a substantial increase in counterterrorism funding for national security agencies , including the CIA and the FBI .
the [people in charge] decided to propose to congress a substantial increase in counterterrorism funding for national security agencies , including the cia and the fbi .

Starting a Review In early March , the administration postponed action on proposals for increasing aid to the Northern Alliance and the Uzbeks .
starting a review in early march , the [people in charge] postponed action on proposals for increasing aid to the northern alliance and the uzbeks .

The administration had in fact proceeded with Principals Committee meetings on topics including Iraq and Sudan without prior contextual review , and Clarke favored moving ahead similarly with a narrow counterterrorism agenda .
the [people in charge] had in fact proceeded with principals committee meetings on topics including iraq and sudan without prior contextual review , and clarke favored moving ahead similarly with a narrow counterterrorism agenda .

Meanwhile , the administration would `` initiate a comprehensive review of U.S. policy on Pakistan '' and explore policy options on Afghanistan , `` including the option of supporting regime change . ''
meanwhile , the [people in charge] would `` initiate a comprehensive review of u.s. policy on pakistan '' and explore policy options on afghanistan , `` including the option of supporting regime change . ''

THE NEW ADMINISTRATION 'S APPROACH The Bush administration in its first months faced many problems other than terrorism .
the new [people in charge] 's approach the bush [people in charge] in its first months faced many problems other than terrorism .

The new administration also focused heavily on Russia , a new nuclear strategy that allowed missile defenses , Europe , Mexico , and the Persian Gulf .
the new [people in charge] also focused heavily on russia , a new nuclear strategy that allowed missile defenses , europe , mexico , and the persian gulf .

These increasingly alarming reports , briefed to the President and top officials , became part of the context in which the new administration weighed its options for policy on al Qaeda .
these increasingly alarming reports , briefed to the president and top officials , became part of the context in which the new [people in charge] weighed its options for policy on al qaeda .

Clarke , however , regarded the new draft as essentially similar to the proposal he had developed in December 2000 and put forward to the new administration in January 2001.202 In May or June , Clarke asked to be moved from his counterterrorism portfolio to a new set of responsibilities for cybersecurity .
clarke , however , regarded the new draft as essentially similar to the proposal he had developed in december 2000 and put forward to the new [people in charge] in january 2001.202 in may or june , clarke asked to be moved from his counterterrorism portfolio to a new set of responsibilities for cybersecurity .

He told us that he was frustrated with his role and with an administration that he considered not `` serious about al Qaeda . ''
he told us that he was frustrated with his role and with an [people in charge] that he considered not `` serious about al qaeda . ''

The new administration had already begun exploring possible diplomatic options , retracing many of the paths traveled by its predecessors.U.S .
the new [people in charge] had already begun exploring possible diplomatic options , retracing many of the paths traveled by its predecessors.u.s .

Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage told us that while U.S. diplomats were becoming more active on Afghanistan through the spring and summer of 2001 , `` it would be wrong for anyone to characterize this as a dramatic shift from the previous administration . ''
deputy secretary of state richard armitage told us that while u.s. diplomats were becoming more active on afghanistan through the spring and summer of 2001 , `` it would be wrong for anyone to characterize this as a dramatic shift from the previous [people in charge] . ''

By July , the deputies were moving toward agreement that some last effort should be made to convince theTaliban to shift position and then , if that failed , the administration would move on the significantly enlarged covert action program .
by july , the deputies were moving toward agreement that some last effort should be made to convince thetaliban to shift position and then , if that failed , the [people in charge] would move on the significantly enlarged covert action program .

Armitage explained to us that after months of continuing the previous administration 's policy , he and Powell were bringing the State Department to a policy of overthrowing the Taliban .
armitage explained to us that after months of continuing the previous [people in charge] 's policy , he and powell were bringing the state department to a policy of overthrowing the taliban .

The Bush administration immediately encountered the dilemmas that arose from the varied objectives the United States was trying to accom plish in its relationship with Pakistan .
the bush [people in charge] immediately encountered the dilemmas that arose from the varied objectives the united states was trying to accom plish in its relationship with pakistan .

He had made similar requests in the Clinton administration ; he had no more success with Rice than he had with Berger .
he had made similar requests in the clinton [people in charge] ; he had no more success with rice than he had with berger .

The new administration was again registering its concerns , just as its predecessor had , but it was still searching for new incentives to open up diplomatic possibilities .
the new [people in charge] was again registering its concerns , just as its predecessor had , but it was still searching for new incentives to open up diplomatic possibilities .

Assistant Secretary of State Christina Rocca described the administration 's plan to break this logjam as a move from `` half engagement '' to `` enhanced engagement . ''
assistant secretary of state christina rocca described the [people in charge] 's plan to break this logjam as a move from `` half engagement '' to `` enhanced engagement . ''

The administration was not ready to confront Islamabad and threaten to rupture relations .
the [people in charge] was not ready to confront islamabad and threaten to rupture relations .

The Bush administration did not develop new diplomatic initiatives on al Qaeda with the Saudi government before 9/11 .
the bush [people in charge] did not develop new diplomatic initiatives on al qaeda with the saudi government before 9/11 .

At the Joint Chiefs of Staff , General Shelton did not recall much interest by the new administration in military options against al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
at the joint chiefs of staff , general shelton did not recall much interest by the new [people in charge] in military options against al qaeda in afghanistan .

The new administration did seek an 8 percent increase in overall FBI funding in its initial budget proposal for fiscal year 2002 , including the largest proposed percentage increase in the FBI 's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997 .
the new [people in charge] did seek an 8 percent increase in overall fbi funding in its initial budget proposal for fiscal year 2002 , including the largest proposed percentage increase in the fbi 's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997 .

In May , the Justice Department began shaping plans for building a budget for fiscal year 2003 , the process that would usually culminate in an administration proposal at the beginning of 2002 .
in may , the justice department began shaping plans for building a budget for fiscal year 2003 , the process that would usually culminate in an [people in charge] proposal at the beginning of 2002 .

Rice described the draft document as providing for `` consolidation plus , '' superseding the various Clinton administration documents .
rice described the draft document as providing for `` consolidation plus , '' superseding the various clinton [people in charge] documents .

In the first months of the new administration , questions concerning the Predator became more and more a central focus of dispute .
in the first months of the new [people in charge] , questions concerning the predator became more and more a central focus of dispute .

The fact that the USS Cole was attacked during the last Administration does not absolve us of responding for the attack , '' he wrote .
the fact that the uss cole was attacked during the last [people in charge] does not absolve us of responding for the attack , '' he wrote .

This paper exercise involved a scenario in which a group of terrorists commandeered a Learjet on the ground in Atlanta , loaded it with explosives , and flew it toward a target in Washington , D.C. Clarke asked officials from the Pentagon , Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , and Secret Service what they could do about the situation .
this paper exercise involved a scenario in which a group of terrorists commandeered a learjet on the ground in atlanta , loaded it with explosives , and flew it toward a target in washington , d.c. clarke asked officials from the pentagon , federal aviation [people in charge] ( faa ) , and secret service what they could do about the situation .

Perhaps the most incisive of the advisors on terrorism to the new administration was the holdover Richard Clarke .
perhaps the most incisive of the advisors on terrorism to the new [people in charge] was the holdover richard clarke .

It is worth noting that they were made by the Clinton administration under extremely difficult domestic political circumstances .
it is worth noting that they were made by the clinton [people in charge] under extremely difficult domestic political circumstances .

We have found no indication that the idea was briefed to the new administration or that Clarke passed his paper to them , although the same team of career officials spanned both administrations .
we have found no indication that the idea was briefed to the new [people in charge] or that clarke passed his paper to them , although the same team of career officials spanned both administrations .

The most extended debate on counterterrorism in the Bush administration before 9/11 had to do with missions for the unmanned Predator- whether to use it just to locate Bin Ladin or to wait until it was armed with a missile , so that it could find him and also attack him .
the most extended debate on counterterrorism in the bush [people in charge] before 9/11 had to do with missions for the unmanned predator- whether to use it just to locate bin ladin or to wait until it was armed with a missile , so that it could find him and also attack him .

The Clinton administration effectively relied on the CIA to take the lead in preparing long-term offensive plans against an enemy sanctuary .
the clinton [people in charge] effectively relied on the cia to take the lead in preparing long-term offensive plans against an enemy sanctuary .

The Bush administration adopted this approach , although its emerging new strategy envisioned some yet undefined further role for the military in addressing the problem .
the bush [people in charge] adopted this approach , although its emerging new strategy envisioned some yet undefined further role for the military in addressing the problem .

Congress attempted to strengthen the DCI 's authority in 1996 by creating the positions of deputy DCI for community management and assistant DCIs for collection , analysis and production , and administration .
congress attempted to strengthen the dci 's authority in 1996 by creating the positions of deputy dci for community management and assistant dcis for collection , analysis and production , and [people in charge] .

Responsibility for domestic intelligence gathering on terrorism was vested solely in the FBI , yet during almost all of the Clinton administration the relationship between the FBI Director and the President was nearly nonexistent .
responsibility for domestic intelligence gathering on terrorism was vested solely in the fbi , yet during almost all of the clinton [people in charge] the relationship between the fbi director and the president was nearly nonexistent .

On August 1 , 2000 , Clarke wrote Berger that one of five goals by the end of the Clinton administration was to secure appropriations for cybersecurity and millennium after-action review projects .
on august 1 , 2000 , clarke wrote berger that one of five goals by the end of the clinton [people in charge] was to secure appropriations for cybersecurity and millennium after-action review projects .

Richard Miniter offers an account of the Clinton administration 's deliberations about the Cole in Richard Miniter , Losing Bin Laden : How Bill Clinton 's Failures Unleashed Global Terror ( Regnery , 2003 ) , pp.222-227 .
richard miniter offers an account of the clinton [people in charge] 's deliberations about the cole in richard miniter , losing bin laden : how bill clinton 's failures unleashed global terror ( regnery , 2003 ) , pp.222-227 .

For the administration working with Russia , see NSC memo , Berger to President Clinton , update on Cole investigation , Nov. 25 , 2000 .
for the [people in charge] working with russia , see nsc memo , berger to president clinton , update on cole investigation , nov. 25 , 2000 .

The next such briefing item we can find summarized the evidence for the new Bush administration on January 25 , 2001 .
the next such briefing item we can find summarized the evidence for the new bush [people in charge] on january 25 , 2001 .

For the Blue Sky memorandum 's proposals being rolled into proposals considered by the new administration , see George Tenet interview ( Jan. 28 , 2004 ) ; John McLaughlin interview ( Jan. 21 , 2004 ) .
for the blue sky memorandum 's proposals being rolled into proposals considered by the new [people in charge] , see george tenet interview ( jan. 28 , 2004 ) ; john mclaughlin interview ( jan. 21 , 2004 ) .

On the internal CIA draft of the Blue Sky memorandum , Deputy Director for Operations James Pavitt added a handwritten note that he posed no objection if the memorandum was for transition discussion purposes , but `` I do not believe a proposal of this magnitude should be on the table for implementation '' so late in the Clinton administration .
on the internal cia draft of the blue sky memorandum , deputy director for operations james pavitt added a handwritten note that he posed no objection if the memorandum was for transition discussion purposes , but `` i do not believe a proposal of this magnitude should be on the table for implementation '' so late in the clinton [people in charge] .

Rice and Zelikow had been colleagues on the NSC staff during the first Bush administration and were coauthors of a book concerning German unification .
rice and zelikow had been colleagues on the nsc staff during the first bush [people in charge] and were coauthors of a book concerning german unification .

The Bush administration held 32 Principals Committee meetings on subjects other than al Qaeda before 9/11 .
the bush [people in charge] held 32 principals committee meetings on subjects other than al qaeda before 9/11 .

Rice told us the Administration did not need a principals meeting on al Qaeda because it knew that al Qaeda was a major threat .
rice told us the [people in charge] did not need a principals meeting on al qaeda because it knew that al qaeda was a major threat .

One of Clarke 's concerns had been the level of funding for counterterrorism in the new administration 's first budget .
one of clarke 's concerns had been the level of funding for counterterrorism in the new [people in charge] 's first budget .

It was not uncommon for FBI budget requests to be reduced by the attorney general or by OMB before being submitted to Congress ; this had occurred during the previous administration .
it was not uncommon for fbi budget requests to be reduced by the attorney general or by omb before being submitted to congress ; this had occurred during the previous [people in charge] .

While in San Diego , Bayoumi was officially employed by Ercan , a subsidiary of a contractor for the Saudi Civil Aviation Administration , although a fellow employee described Bayoumi as a `` ghost employee , '' noting that he was one of many Saudis on the payroll who was not required to work .
while in san diego , bayoumi was officially employed by ercan , a subsidiary of a contractor for the saudi civil aviation [people in charge] , although a fellow employee described bayoumi as a `` ghost employee , '' noting that he was one of many saudis on the payroll who was not required to work .

We use the following abbreviations for the agencies and entities that produced the bulk of these documents : AAL-American Airlines ; CIA-Central Intelligence Agency ; DCI-Director of Central Intelligence ; DHS-Department of Homeland Security ; DOD-Department of Defense ; DOJ-Department of Justice ; DOS-Department of State ; DOT-Department of Transportation ; EPA-Environmental Protection Agency ; FAA-Federal Aviation Administration ; FBI-Federal Bureau of Investigation ; FDNY-Fire Department of New York ; GAO-General Accounting Office ; INS-Immigration and Naturalization Service ; NEADS-Northeast Air Defense Sector ; NSA-National Security Agency ; NSC-National Security Council ; NTSB-National Transportation Safety Board ; NYPD-New York Police Department ; OEM-Office of Emergency Management , City of New York ; PANYNJ or Port Authority-Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ; PAPD-Port Authority Police Department ; SEC-Securities and Exchange Commission ; Treasury-Department of Treasury ; TSA-Transportation Security Administration ; UAL-United Air Lines ; USSS-United States Secret Service .
we use the following abbreviations for the agencies and entities that produced the bulk of these documents : aal-american airlines ; cia-central intelligence agency ; dci-director of central intelligence ; dhs-department of homeland security ; dod-department of defense ; doj-department of justice ; dos-department of state ; dot-department of transportation ; epa-environmental protection agency ; faa-federal aviation [people in charge] ; fbi-federal bureau of investigation ; fdny-fire department of new york ; gao-general accounting office ; ins-immigration and naturalization service ; neads-northeast air defense sector ; nsa-national security agency ; nsc-national security council ; ntsb-national transportation safety board ; nypd-new york police department ; oem-office of emergency management , city of new york ; panynj or port authority-port authority of new york and new jersey ; papd-port authority police department ; sec-securities and exchange commission ; treasury-department of treasury ; tsa-transportation security [people in charge] ; ual-united air lines ; usss-united states secret service .

In May 2003 , the Bush administration announced the Proliferation Security Initiative ( PSI ) : nations in a willing partnership combining their national capabilities to use military , economic , and diplomatic tools to interdict threatening shipments of WMD and missile-related technology .
in may 2003 , the bush [people in charge] announced the proliferation security initiative ( psi ) : nations in a willing partnership combining their national capabilities to use military , economic , and diplomatic tools to interdict threatening shipments of wmd and missile-related technology .

More than half of the 19 hijackers were flagged by the Federal Aviation Administration 's profiling system when they arrived for their flights , but the consequence was that bags , not people , were checked .
more than half of the 19 hijackers were flagged by the federal aviation [people in charge] 's profiling system when they arrived for their flights , but the consequence was that bags , not people , were checked .

This act created the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) , which is now part of the Homeland Security Department .
this act created the transportation security [people in charge] ( tsa ) , which is now part of the homeland security department .

When the local civil aviation security office of the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) later investigated these security screening operations , the screeners recalled nothing out of the ordinary .
when the local civil aviation security office of the federal aviation [people in charge] ( faa ) later investigated these security screening operations , the screeners recalled nothing out of the ordinary .

These basic observations dovetailed with emerging epidemiological evidence that administration of statins might lead to a diminished incidence of Alzheimer disease [ 8,9,10,11 ] .
these basic observations dovetailed with emerging epidemiological evidence that [people in charge] of statins might lead to a diminished incidence of alzheimer disease [ 8,9,10,11 ] .

This proposal is supported by recent evidence that either genetic modification of ADAM-10/-secretase activity [ 67 ] or administration of bryostatin , a PKC activator [ 68 ] , can modulate levels of brain A in plaque-forming transgenic mice .
this proposal is supported by recent evidence that either genetic modification of adam-10/-secretase activity [ 67 ] or [people in charge] of bryostatin , a pkc activator [ 68 ] , can modulate levels of brain a in plaque-forming transgenic mice .

To date , however , this mechanism is not supported by data from human clinical trials , where statin administration has shown no consistent effect on levels of circulating or cerebrospinal fluid A [ 73 ] .
to date , however , this mechanism is not supported by data from human clinical trials , where statin [people in charge] has shown no consistent effect on levels of circulating or cerebrospinal fluid a [ 73 ] .

Still , if the reported disease-modifying effect of atorvastatin is confirmed in the National Institute on Aging 's large , multi-center trial of simvastatin , one or more compounds of this class may be among the first disease-modifying compounds approved by the Food and Drug Administration for slowing the progression of Alzheimer disease .
still , if the reported disease-modifying effect of atorvastatin is confirmed in the national institute on aging 's large , multi-center trial of simvastatin , one or more compounds of this class may be among the first disease-modifying compounds approved by the food and drug [people in charge] for slowing the progression of alzheimer disease .

Leptin administration suppresses food intake and reduces energy expenditure [ 21,22 ] .
leptin [people in charge] suppresses food intake and reduces energy expenditure [ 21,22 ] .

David Graham This Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) safety officer raised concerns about the cardiovascular side effects of rofecoxib ( Vioxx ) and other Cox-2 inhibitors .
david graham this food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) safety officer raised concerns about the cardiovascular side effects of rofecoxib ( vioxx ) and other cox-2 inhibitors .

In this essay , I argue that a highly valuable but underused registry and results database for US trials already exists within the Department of Health and Human Services , specifically within the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
in this essay , i argue that a highly valuable but underused registry and results database for us trials already exists within the department of health and human services , specifically within the food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) .

The act is written into the FDA portion of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows :  The Food and Drug Administration will make the fullest possible disclosure of records to the public , consistent with the rights of individuals to privacy , the property rights of persons in trade secrets and confidential commercial or financial information  [ 12 ] .
the act is written into the fda portion of the code of federal regulations as follows :  the food and drug [people in charge] will make the fullest possible disclosure of records to the public , consistent with the rights of individuals to privacy , the property rights of persons in trade secrets and confidential commercial or financial information  [ 12 ] .

It should be emphasized that if the elective surgical procedure can be scheduled for early morning hours and the procedure lasts at least four hours , this limits the NPO to about 46 hours and allows administration of usual or 1/22/3 usual insulin and use of a glucose infusion to replace breakfast and supplemental insulin either subcutaneously or intravenously .
it should be emphasized that if the elective surgical procedure can be scheduled for early morning hours and the procedure lasts at least four hours , this limits the npo to about 46 hours and allows [people in charge] of usual or 1/22/3 usual insulin and use of a glucose infusion to replace breakfast and supplemental insulin either subcutaneously or intravenously .

For longer surgical procedures ( intraabdominal or intrathoracic surgery ) , 10 % of dextrose should be used to avoid excessive fluid administration .
for longer surgical procedures ( intraabdominal or intrathoracic surgery ) , 10 % of dextrose should be used to avoid excessive fluid [people in charge] .

As a consequence , there have been additional dividends from the United States Federal Drug Administration approval of imatinib for treatment of BCR-ABL-positive CML .
as a consequence , there have been additional dividends from the united states federal drug [people in charge] approval of imatinib for treatment of bcr-abl-positive cml .

The development of enzyme replacement therapy for Gaucher disease , that is , exogenous administration of the missing enzyme , is a triumph of translational medicine .
the development of enzyme replacement therapy for gaucher disease , that is , exogenous [people in charge] of the missing enzyme , is a triumph of translational medicine .

Intravenous administration of the enzyme produced objective clinical improvement ( such as reduced liver and spleen size and increased hemoglobin levels and platelet counts ) .
intravenous [people in charge] of the enzyme produced objective clinical improvement ( such as reduced liver and spleen size and increased hemoglobin levels and platelet counts ) .

Wyeth marketed Fen-Phen by funding obesity research centers , launching public fitness campaigns , contracting with a medical education company to produce a series of ghostwritten journal articles , and making generous payments to academic physicians who then published extensively and testified for the drug 's safety to the Food and Drug Administration [ 17 ] .
wyeth marketed fen-phen by funding obesity research centers , launching public fitness campaigns , contracting with a medical education company to produce a series of ghostwritten journal articles , and making generous payments to academic physicians who then published extensively and testified for the drug 's safety to the food and drug [people in charge] [ 17 ] .

Only about one-quarter of new drug approvals are rated by the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to have therapeutic benefit over existing treatments ( NIHCM 2002 ; see Figure 1 ) .
only about one-quarter of new drug approvals are rated by the united states food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) to have therapeutic benefit over existing treatments ( nihcm 2002 ; see figure 1 ) .

During Bill Clinton 's administration , prescribed burns were encouraged in protected areas , but thinning was allowed only for trees with trunks of nine inches ( 22.8 cm ) in diameter or less .
during bill clinton 's [people in charge] , prescribed burns were encouraged in protected areas , but thinning was allowed only for trees with trunks of nine inches ( 22.8 cm ) in diameter or less .

There is also evidence of opposite effectsthat is , that administration of leptin [ 13 ] and ghrelin can alter sleep .
there is also evidence of opposite effectsthat is , that [people in charge] of leptin [ 13 ] and ghrelin can alter sleep .

Ghrelin administration has been found to increase non-REM sleep in humans and mice , possibly via its interactions with the sleep-inducing peptide growth hormone releasing hormone ( GHRH ) .
ghrelin [people in charge] has been found to increase non-rem sleep in humans and mice , possibly via its interactions with the sleep-inducing peptide growth hormone releasing hormone ( ghrh ) .

In addition , we have been offering delivery of these apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins at approximately 34 to 35 weeks ' gestation following antenatal corticosteroid administration and thorough counseling regarding the risks of expectant management versus elective preterm delivery .
in addition , we have been offering delivery of these apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins at approximately 34 to 35 weeks ' gestation following antenatal corticosteroid [people in charge] and thorough counseling regarding the risks of expectant management versus elective preterm delivery .

Imaging was performed before and 24 h after intravenous ferumoxtran-10 administration ( Combidex , Advanced Magnetics , Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States ; 2.6 mg Fe/kg diluted in normal saline and infused over a 20-min period using a 5-m filter ) .
imaging was performed before and 24 h after intravenous ferumoxtran-10 [people in charge] ( combidex , advanced magnetics , cambridge , massachusetts , united states ; 2.6 mg fe/kg diluted in normal saline and infused over a 20-min period using a 5-m filter ) .

The nodal SI change was calculated by obtaining SI before and after contrast administration .
the nodal si change was calculated by obtaining si before and after contrast [people in charge] .

Table 2 summarizes the incidence of different visual , comparative ( before and after contrast administration ) , and semiautomated ( postcontrast administration only ) parameters in the two different groups .
table 2 summarizes the incidence of different visual , comparative ( before and after contrast [people in charge] ) , and semiautomated ( postcontrast [people in charge] only ) parameters in the two different groups .

Our patient was an adult , and her bone marrow had responded to the withdrawal of her anticonvulsants and not to the administration of androgenic steroid .
our patient was an adult , and her bone marrow had responded to the withdrawal of her anticonvulsants and not to the [people in charge] of androgenic steroid .

There are too few skilled health care workers to provide reliable delivery and administration of these life-saving therapies .
there are too few skilled health care workers to provide reliable delivery and [people in charge] of these life-saving therapies .

Administration of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor blunted the viral rebound following interruption of HAART , and largely prevented a decrease of CD4+ T cell counts in an STI trial in chronic HIV-1 infection [ 62 ] .
[people in charge] of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor blunted the viral rebound following interruption of haart , and largely prevented a decrease of cd4+ t cell counts in an sti trial in chronic hiv-1 infection [ 62 ] .

One of them was David Graham , Associate Director in the United States Food and Drug Administration 's ( FDA 's ) Office of Drug Safety , whose research on rofecoxib ( Vioxx ) pointed to the serious cardiovascular risks of the drug [ 1 ] .
one of them was david graham , associate director in the united states food and drug [people in charge] 's ( fda 's ) office of drug safety , whose research on rofecoxib ( vioxx ) pointed to the serious cardiovascular risks of the drug [ 1 ] .

However , it appeared that therapies such as oral administration of certain NMDA receptor antagonists , codeine , ibuprofen , lorazepam , 5HT1 receptor agonists , and acyclovir were not efficacious in PHN .
however , it appeared that therapies such as oral [people in charge] of certain nmda receptor antagonists , codeine , ibuprofen , lorazepam , 5ht1 receptor agonists , and acyclovir were not efficacious in phn .

This miscellany , Fischetti points out , is likely to make the Food and Drug Administration unhappy .
this miscellany , fischetti points out , is likely to make the food and drug [people in charge] unhappy .

While to Greely 's knowledge fMRI evidence has n't yet been used in court ,  it 's certain to be tried ,  and the barrier to its admission will fall as both the reliability and the ease of administration increase .
while to greely 's knowledge fmri evidence has n't yet been used in court ,  it 's certain to be tried ,  and the barrier to its admission will fall as both the reliability and the ease of [people in charge] increase .

No ribozyme has yet been approved for use by the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
no ribozyme has yet been approved for use by the united states food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) .

Serial blood samples were collected during the 24 h prior to and 24 h following the intravenous administration of human-research-grade endotoxin ( obtained from National Institutes of Health Clinical Center , reference endotoxin [ CCRE ] [ lots 1 and 2 ; National Institutes of Health Clinical Center PDS # 67801 ] ) at a dose of 3 ng/kg given at 6 AM .
serial blood samples were collected during the 24 h prior to and 24 h following the intravenous [people in charge] of human-research-grade endotoxin ( obtained from national institutes of health clinical center , reference endotoxin [ ccre ] [ lots 1 and 2 ; national institutes of health clinical center pds # 67801 ] ) at a dose of 3 ng/kg given at 6 am .

Remarkably , resistin levels rose dramatically because of endotoxemia , peaking 816 h after LPS administration ( Figure 5A ) .
remarkably , resistin levels rose dramatically because of endotoxemia , peaking 816 h after lps [people in charge] ( figure 5a ) .

LPS administration has been shown to induce acute insulin resistance in humans [ 37 ] .
lps [people in charge] has been shown to induce acute insulin resistance in humans [ 37 ] .

Indeed , obesity is associated with elevated levels of cytokines whose systemic administration leads to impaired glucose homeostasis [ 36,44,45 ] , such as TNF and IL-6 , which we show here to mediate the inflammatory induction of human resistin .
indeed , obesity is associated with elevated levels of cytokines whose systemic [people in charge] leads to impaired glucose homeostasis [ 36,44,45 ] , such as tnf and il-6 , which we show here to mediate the inflammatory induction of human resistin .

Indeed , induction of acute inflammation by administration of LPS causes insulin resistance in humans [ 37 ] , and here we have demonstrated the concomitant induction of resistin .
indeed , induction of acute inflammation by [people in charge] of lps causes insulin resistance in humans [ 37 ] , and here we have demonstrated the concomitant induction of resistin .

Interestingly , the peak in TNF and IL-6 levels after LPS administration to humans precedes a phase of prolonged insulin resistance that begins approximately 6 h after LPS administration [ 37 ] , closely approximating the time course of resistin induction .
interestingly , the peak in tnf and il-6 levels after lps [people in charge] to humans precedes a phase of prolonged insulin resistance that begins approximately 6 h after lps [people in charge] [ 37 ] , closely approximating the time course of resistin induction .

Some investigators have intellectual property rights that may have very substantial financial value if the drug or device reaches the level of approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration .
some investigators have intellectual property rights that may have very substantial financial value if the drug or device reaches the level of approval by the united states food and drug [people in charge] .

The closer to Food and Drug Administration approval the drug or technology is at the time of licensure , the more valuable it becomes .
the closer to food and drug [people in charge] approval the drug or technology is at the time of licensure , the more valuable it becomes .

In this regard , they are very much like corporate sponsors of research , subject to the same Food and Drug Administration oversight as corporations .
in this regard , they are very much like corporate sponsors of research , subject to the same food and drug [people in charge] oversight as corporations .

Following stress , ultraviolet light , or the administration of actinomycin D and DRB to cells , the large complex is converted to the small complex to stimulate transcription [ 22,23 ] .
following stress , ultraviolet light , or the [people in charge] of actinomycin d and drb to cells , the large complex is converted to the small complex to stimulate transcription [ 22,23 ] .

Kenneth R. Smith , former dean of the Eller College of Business and Public Administration at the University of Arizona , and others make the case that PSMs may protect students ' careers from outsourcing to foreign countries .
kenneth r. smith , former dean of the eller college of business and public [people in charge] at the university of arizona , and others make the case that psms may protect students ' careers from outsourcing to foreign countries .

Subsequently , in 1965 , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) developed the Teratology Guidelines .
subsequently , in 1965 , the food and drug [people in charge] ( fda ) developed the teratology guidelines .

Conclusion In contrast with the EU 's proposed REACH program , which would require industry to conduct more tests or analyses to demonstrate that high-production chemicals will not cause harm to fetuses or children , the Bush administration has arguedin unison with the American Chemistry Councilthat such regulations would harm industry [ 83,84 ] .
conclusion in contrast with the eu 's proposed reach program , which would require industry to conduct more tests or analyses to demonstrate that high-production chemicals will not cause harm to fetuses or children , the bush [people in charge] has arguedin unison with the american chemistry councilthat such regulations would harm industry [ 83,84 ] .

In the 1990s , the Clinton administration attempted to introduce a comprehensive system of funding universal health care .
in the 1990s , the clinton [people in charge] attempted to introduce a comprehensive system of funding universal health care .

Pending United States Food and Drug Administration approval , clinical testing of the vaccine will take place in 2005 .
pending united states food and drug [people in charge] approval , clinical testing of the vaccine will take place in 2005 .

Moreover , many trials are registered in a semi-public database maintained by the United States Food and Drug Administration , and there are compelling arguments ( which Turner articulates in an essay published online ahead of our December issue [ 4 ] ) for making this a truly public resource .
moreover , many trials are registered in a semi-public database maintained by the united states food and drug [people in charge] , and there are compelling arguments ( which turner articulates in an essay published online ahead of our december issue [ 4 ] ) for making this a truly public resource .

As a result , reported statin use may overestimate the actual administration because patients prescribed drug therapy likely make more visits because of greater disease severity and/or the need of frequent follow-ups .
as a result , reported statin use may overestimate the actual [people in charge] because patients prescribed drug therapy likely make more visits because of greater disease severity and/or the need of frequent follow-ups .

Whereas macaques [ 20,21 ] and mice [ 22 ] were not protected from infection with high challenge doses by zidovudine ( a relatively weak antiretroviral drug when used in monotherapy ) , clinical studies surprisingly showed that two-thirds of perinatal infections ( i.e. , mother-to-child transmissions during birth ) can be prevented by zidovudine administration [ 23 ] .
whereas macaques [ 20,21 ] and mice [ 22 ] were not protected from infection with high challenge doses by zidovudine ( a relatively weak antiretroviral drug when used in monotherapy ) , clinical studies surprisingly showed that two-thirds of perinatal infections ( i.e. , mother-to-child transmissions during birth ) can be prevented by zidovudine [people in charge] [ 23 ] .

We were very proud to have a medical record administration student selected for the 1990-91 award .
we were very proud to have a medical record [people in charge] student selected for the 1990-91 award .

Although retired from the University , Mr. Ridley continues to lend support to the Medical Record Administration Program .
although retired from the university , mr. ridley continues to lend support to the medical record [people in charge] program .

Forty years ago one student , Betty Groh Tower , entered the Medical Record Administration Program to become our first graduate .
forty years ago one student , betty groh tower , entered the medical record [people in charge] program to become our first graduate .

They include the Blinded Veterans Association 1988 Irving Deaner Award ; U.S. Small Business Administration 1991 National Veteran Small Business Advocate of the Year ; 1991 California Certification of Recognition for Small Business Advocacy ; San Diego Center for the Disabled 1992 Independence Award ; a 1992 Presidential Point of Light Award , presented to him at a White House ceremony by former President George Bush ; and in 1994 San Diego Entrepreneur of the Year Supporter of Entrepreneurship Award .
they include the blinded veterans association 1988 irving deaner award ; u.s. small business [people in charge] 1991 national veteran small business advocate of the year ; 1991 california certification of recognition for small business advocacy ; san diego center for the disabled 1992 independence award ; a 1992 presidential point of light award , presented to him at a white house ceremony by former president george bush ; and in 1994 san diego entrepreneur of the year supporter of entrepreneurship award .

If you have pledged or contributed for 1991 , you have my thanks and the appreciation of the administration and faculty of the law school .
if you have pledged or contributed for 1991 , you have my thanks and the appreciation of the [people in charge] and faculty of the law school .

Better yet , most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network , Goodwill Industries , Indianapolis Housing Agency , City of Indianapolis , Indianapolis Private Industry Council , Family and Social Services administration , OTC , Indy Parks , and numerous community development corporations , neighborhood organizations , and churches , to name just a few .
better yet , most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - cicoa the access network , goodwill industries , indianapolis housing agency , city of indianapolis , indianapolis private industry council , family and social services [people in charge] , otc , indy parks , and numerous community development corporations , neighborhood organizations , and churches , to name just a few .

Added to the Convention and the luncheon will be an optional tour of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) headquarters ; tickets to the premier social event of the Republican National Convention -- The Red , White & Boots gala ; and participation in the Inner Circle closed door discussions and briefings .
added to the convention and the luncheon will be an optional tour of the national aeronautics and space [people in charge] ( nasa ) headquarters ; tickets to the premier social event of the republican national convention -- the red , white & boots gala ; and participation in the inner circle closed door discussions and briefings .

Our panel discussions and candidate briefings allow give-and-take between top level Administration officials , GOP Senators , senator candidates , and Inner Circle members .
our panel discussions and candidate briefings allow give-and-take between top level [people in charge] officials , gop senators , senator candidates , and inner circle members .

Will the administration live up to its environmental promises ?
will the [people in charge] live up to its environmental promises ?

Members may also attend political briefings delivered by Republican Senators , top level Administration officials , and other GOP leaders .
members may also attend political briefings delivered by republican senators , top level [people in charge] officials , and other gop leaders .

At one time or another we have all met classmates in the lounges in the ET Building or the Administration Building at the 38th Street campus .
at one time or another we have all met classmates in the lounges in the et building or the [people in charge] building at the 38th street campus .

The fact that none of these campaigns has proffered a single al-Qaeda operative has n't deterred the Bush administration a bit .
the fact that none of these campaigns has proffered a single al-qaeda operative has n't deterred the bush [people in charge] a bit .

Far , immigrant Muslims and those from the Middle East and Central Asia have suffered the brunt of the Bush administration 's attacks on civil liberties .
far , immigrant muslims and those from the middle east and central asia have suffered the brunt of the bush [people in charge] 's attacks on civil liberties .

Indeed , a look at the past three years shows that Attorney General John Ashcroft 's offensive has widened to include a range of citizens whose only real crime is their opposition to the Bush administration 's policies .
indeed , a look at the past three years shows that attorney general john ashcroft 's offensive has widened to include a range of citizens whose only real crime is their opposition to the bush [people in charge] 's policies .

The Bush administration has shifted federal funding away from traditional law enforcement and toward domestic spying , explained John Crew , an attorney with the ACLU of Northern California specializing in police practices and surveillance issues .
the bush [people in charge] has shifted federal funding away from traditional law enforcement and toward domestic spying , explained john crew , an attorney with the aclu of northern california specializing in police practices and surveillance issues .

As the Bush administration loosened professional standards for law enforcement , it simultaneously increased financial incentives for conducting surveillance , Crew continued .
as the bush [people in charge] loosened professional standards for law enforcement , it simultaneously increased financial incentives for conducting surveillance , crew continued .

Everybody runs stories about President Clinton 's press conference yesterday and all of these mention a question near the end that seemed to have caught him somewhat flat-footed , a question about why most top White House jobs in his administration have gone to whites .
everybody runs stories about president clinton 's press conference yesterday and all of these mention a question near the end that seemed to have caught him somewhat flat-footed , a question about why most top white house jobs in his [people in charge] have gone to whites .

Former Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers says , `` The rule is still that when the big decisions get made , it 's not as diverse a group as the overall administration .
former press secretary dee dee myers says , `` the rule is still that when the big decisions get made , it 's not as diverse a group as the overall [people in charge] .

The paper highlights Sen. Orrin Hatch 's observation to George W. Bush that with only five years as a governor , he needs more experience before becoming president -- such as first being the vice president for eight years in a Hatch administration .
the paper highlights sen. orrin hatch 's observation to george w. bush that with only five years as a governor , he needs more experience before becoming president -- such as first being the vice president for eight years in a hatch [people in charge] .

USA Today leads with the Clinton administration 's warning to the Taliban rulers of Afghanistan that the U.S. will hold them responsible for any terrorist acts attributable to Afghanistan resident Osama Bin Laden .
usa today leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's warning to the taliban rulers of afghanistan that the u.s. will hold them responsible for any terrorist acts attributable to afghanistan resident osama bin laden .

The New York Times leads with President Clinton 's announcement ( or admission ) that the administration 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy regarding homosexuals in the military is n't working .
the new york times leads with president clinton 's announcement ( or admission ) that the [people in charge] 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy regarding homosexuals in the military is n't working .

The Clinton administration hailed the Labor report as a `` milestone , '' but the NYT is quick to break down the numbers for lay people .
the clinton [people in charge] hailed the labor report as a `` milestone , '' but the nyt is quick to break down the numbers for lay people .

The news is particularly discouraging given the Clinton administration 's overtures to Iran 's President Mohammed Khatemi , who is seen as a `` genuine reformer with enormous popular support . ''
the news is particularly discouraging given the clinton [people in charge] 's overtures to iran 's president mohammed khatemi , who is seen as a `` genuine reformer with enormous popular support . ''

Bush would still probably reap a net benefit from not being associated with the current administration .
bush would still probably reap a net benefit from not being associated with the current [people in charge] .

Steve Roberts points out that Bush has emerged as a stronger supporter of the Clinton administration 's free-trade policy than the vice president .
steve roberts points out that bush has emerged as a stronger supporter of the clinton [people in charge] 's free-trade policy than the vice president .

To further confuse things , the LAT and NYT quote Clinton administration players as saying that the official U.S. WTO negotiation position does not include the sanction idea .
to further confuse things , the lat and nyt quote clinton [people in charge] players as saying that the official u.s. wto negotiation position does not include the sanction idea .

Rabbi Michael Lerner , briefly a Friend of Hillary early in the first Clinton administration , is featured on the LAT op-ed page making the stretchiest pitch yet for the WTO protesters .
rabbi michael lerner , briefly a friend of hillary early in the first clinton [people in charge] , is featured on the lat op-ed page making the stretchiest pitch yet for the wto protesters .

Nobody called Keyes on the most outrageous thing he said in the debate , that atrocities in Kosovo were mostly `` propaganda '' devised by the Clinton administration in order to manipulate the American public into supporting a war .
nobody called keyes on the most outrageous thing he said in the debate , that atrocities in kosovo were mostly `` propaganda '' devised by the clinton [people in charge] in order to manipulate the american public into supporting a war .

Clinton issued an optimistic statement on Saturday , but anonymous members of his administration called the talks a `` fiasco '' and `` circus . ''
clinton issued an optimistic statement on saturday , but anonymous members of his [people in charge] called the talks a `` fiasco '' and `` circus . ''

The Washington Post leads with the Clinton administration 's announcement that it plans to play a role in the numerous city lawsuits against the gun industry .
the washington post leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's announcement that it plans to play a role in the numerous city lawsuits against the gun industry .

The many accomplishments of Clinton 's administration , most especially his management of the economy , resulted much more from the sharpness and discipline of Clinton 's mind than from the shiftiness and dithering of Clinton 's temperament ( which some people have mistaken for brilliant leadership ) .
the many accomplishments of clinton 's [people in charge] , most especially his management of the economy , resulted much more from the sharpness and discipline of clinton 's mind than from the shiftiness and dithering of clinton 's temperament ( which some people have mistaken for brilliant leadership ) .

He looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas , such as population , family , cities , religion , health , environment , recreation , crime , education , marketing , agriculture , public administration , international relations -- you name it .
he looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas , such as population , family , cities , religion , health , environment , recreation , crime , education , marketing , agriculture , public [people in charge] , international relations -- you name it .

True , the Clinton administration is trying to say that food stamps are really good only if you 're also working at least part-time , but that 's kind of a complicated message to get across .
true , the clinton [people in charge] is trying to say that food stamps are really good only if you 're also working at least part-time , but that 's kind of a complicated message to get across .

The arguments the administration now makes about food stamps , of course , can easily be made about basic welfare -- TANF -- too .
the arguments the [people in charge] now makes about food stamps , of course , can easily be made about basic welfare -- tanf -- too .

If the administration wants to get more money to the working poor -- as it should -- why not do it through measures restricted to the working poor , like an expanded EITC and a higher minimum wage , rather than through food stamps ?
if the [people in charge] wants to get more money to the working poor -- as it should -- why not do it through measures restricted to the working poor , like an expanded eitc and a higher minimum wage , rather than through food stamps ?

The WP off-leads Al Gore 's pronouncement -- prompted by the publicity surrounding that conviction of an Army man for murdering a gay fellow soldier -- that the Clinton administration 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy should be abandoned .
the wp off-leads al gore 's pronouncement -- prompted by the publicity surrounding that conviction of an army man for murdering a gay fellow soldier -- that the clinton [people in charge] 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy should be abandoned .

Before Clinton had even taken office , animator and cartoonist Mark Alan Stamaty dubbed the administration `` Cram-a-lot , '' and no phrase has ever caught as hilariously that combination of prodigious wonkishness and naked aspiration ( and , arguably , zero inspiration ) .
before clinton had even taken office , animator and cartoonist mark alan stamaty dubbed the [people in charge] `` cram-a-lot , '' and no phrase has ever caught as hilariously that combination of prodigious wonkishness and naked aspiration ( and , arguably , zero inspiration ) .

The LAT follows yesterday 's lead about the FDA ignoring warnings about a diabetes drug now implicated in 33 deaths with a top-front effort today revealing that the man responsible for the federal government 's largest study of diabetes , which included administration of that drug , was at that time also on the payroll of the drug 's manufacturer , Warner-Lambert , as a consultant .
the lat follows yesterday 's lead about the fda ignoring warnings about a diabetes drug now implicated in 33 deaths with a top-front effort today revealing that the man responsible for the federal government 's largest study of diabetes , which included [people in charge] of that drug , was at that time also on the payroll of the drug 's manufacturer , warner-lambert , as a consultant .

The Clinton administration , citing the need to protect domestic labor , worked several compromises into the bill , including a provision which diverts a portion of the visa revenues to funds to aid U.S. workers .
the clinton [people in charge] , citing the need to protect domestic labor , worked several compromises into the bill , including a provision which diverts a portion of the visa revenues to funds to aid u.s. workers .

The NYT notes that the strikes mark `` a clear policy departure '' for the Clinton administration , in that the president had previously indicated that keeping the inspection effort viable was a reason not to engage in a major military action .
the nyt notes that the strikes mark `` a clear policy departure '' for the clinton [people in charge] , in that the president had previously indicated that keeping the inspection effort viable was a reason not to engage in a major military action .

The NYT runs a second piece inside reporting that critics of China cited the prison sentences as proof that the Clinton administration 's policy of economic and diplomatic engagement with China has failed .
the nyt runs a second piece inside reporting that critics of china cited the prison sentences as proof that the clinton [people in charge] 's policy of economic and diplomatic engagement with china has failed .

Administration officials have not yet decided when the raids will end .
[people in charge] officials have not yet decided when the raids will end .

USAT and the LAT front Clinton administration warnings to Iraq that it could face a U.S. or allied military strike if it does n't reconsider its weekend decision to shut down the UN 's weapons inspection effort .
usat and the lat front clinton [people in charge] warnings to iraq that it could face a u.s. or allied military strike if it does n't reconsider its weekend decision to shut down the un 's weapons inspection effort .

USA Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times lead with the illegal gifts acquittal of Mike Espy , the first Clinton Administration Secretary of Agriculture .
usa today , the washington post , and the new york times lead with the illegal gifts acquittal of mike espy , the first clinton [people in charge] secretary of agriculture .

The parents desperately lobby the cautious and slow-moving Federal Drug Administration and National Institutes of Health to approve experimental gene therapy , but when the treatment comes it does little .
the parents desperately lobby the cautious and slow-moving federal drug [people in charge] and national institutes of health to approve experimental gene therapy , but when the treatment comes it does little .

The LAT notes that previously , separate House and Senate committees investigated Clinton fund-raising without uncovering illegality by high-level Clinton administration officials , but goes on to quote a Judiciary Republican source saying that only 20 percent of LaBella 's memo has been reviewed by Congress , and that the GOP members believe the other 80 percent contains strong evidence of illegal Clinton fund-raising .
the lat notes that previously , separate house and senate committees investigated clinton fund-raising without uncovering illegality by high-level clinton [people in charge] officials , but goes on to quote a judiciary republican source saying that only 20 percent of labella 's memo has been reviewed by congress , and that the gop members believe the other 80 percent contains strong evidence of illegal clinton fund-raising .

Nonetheless , the administration is approaching the issue warily , recalling the Congressional storm over a 1995 commitment of $ 20 billion to bail out Mexico .
nonetheless , the [people in charge] is approaching the issue warily , recalling the congressional storm over a 1995 commitment of $ 20 billion to bail out mexico .

The Journal notes that the suit marks the first time the Clinton administration has officially weighed in on the increasingly contentious issue of holding down employment costs by outsourcing work to those not considered full-time .
the journal notes that the suit marks the first time the clinton [people in charge] has officially weighed in on the increasingly contentious issue of holding down employment costs by outsourcing work to those not considered full-time .

British Prime Minister Tony Blair echoed the Clinton Administration 's strongly worded sentiments ; next time , Blair said , there will be `` no warnings , no wrangling , no negotiations , no last-minute letters . ''
british prime minister tony blair echoed the clinton [people in charge] 's strongly worded sentiments ; next time , blair said , there will be `` no warnings , no wrangling , no negotiations , no last-minute letters . ''

The LAT says Pentagon financial controls have gotten weaker under the Clinton administration `` reinvention of government . ''
the lat says pentagon financial controls have gotten weaker under the clinton [people in charge] `` reinvention of government . ''

Cohen 's comments at a Senate hearing constitute , explains the LAT , a shift for the Clinton administration , which till now has not publicly discussed possible U.S. roles in any NATO deployment to Kosovo .
cohen 's comments at a senate hearing constitute , explains the lat , a shift for the clinton [people in charge] , which till now has not publicly discussed possible u.s. roles in any nato deployment to kosovo .

The NYT makes the shift seem bigger than the other papers because it emphasizes Cohen 's expressed personal recommendation that U.S. ground troops not be sent , an option other senior officials in the administration have been leaving open , while the LAT and WP stress that he did n't flatly rule this out .
the nyt makes the shift seem bigger than the other papers because it emphasizes cohen 's expressed personal recommendation that u.s. ground troops not be sent , an option other senior officials in the [people in charge] have been leaving open , while the lat and wp stress that he did n't flatly rule this out .

Several senators , report the LAT , WP and NYT , drew the comparison with the U.S. troop presence in Bosnia -- at first said by the Clinton administration to be only a remote possibility , but still in place three years after the cessation of fighting there .
several senators , report the lat , wp and nyt , drew the comparison with the u.s. troop presence in bosnia -- at first said by the clinton [people in charge] to be only a remote possibility , but still in place three years after the cessation of fighting there .

Such political resistance explains why some administration officials have floated in recent days the idea of an all-European military ground force being dispatched to the region , with the U.S. dominating any air effort .
such political resistance explains why some [people in charge] officials have floated in recent days the idea of an all-european military ground force being dispatched to the region , with the u.s. dominating any air effort .

The Clinton administration immediately criticized it as not addressing Japan 's more fundamental need for bank restructuring -- to which the Japanese Finance Minister shot back that the U.S. plan will never lift off unless a reluctant House approves $ 18 billion for the International Monetary Fund .
the clinton [people in charge] immediately criticized it as not addressing japan 's more fundamental need for bank restructuring -- to which the japanese finance minister shot back that the u.s. plan will never lift off unless a reluctant house approves $ 18 billion for the international monetary fund .

Maneuvering around countries such as Russia and Iran , both with vested interests in the region , is among the bedeviling challenges for big U.S. oil companies and for the Clinton Administration .
maneuvering around countries such as russia and iran , both with vested interests in the region , is among the bedeviling challenges for big u.s. oil companies and for the clinton [people in charge] .

As a NYT news article points out , Ford 's op-ed represents a possible boon for the Clinton administration , since Ford is breaking rank with Republicans who advocate impeachment .
as a nyt news article points out , ford 's op-ed represents a possible boon for the clinton [people in charge] , since ford is breaking rank with republicans who advocate impeachment .

Everybody leads with the deployment of more U.S. forces to the Persian Gulf , as the Clinton administration -- via remarks not just by President Clinton , but also by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , Secretary of Defense William Cohen and Chairman of the JCS Gen. Hugh Shelton -- once again warned Saddam Hussein to accept weapons inspections or else .
everybody leads with the deployment of more u.s. forces to the persian gulf , as the clinton [people in charge] -- via remarks not just by president clinton , but also by secretary of state madeleine albright , secretary of defense william cohen and chairman of the jcs gen. hugh shelton -- once again warned saddam hussein to accept weapons inspections or else .

However , the Administration remains wary .
however , the [people in charge] remains wary .

The New York Times lead apparently goes as far as it can get from the presidential scandal -- with word that the major oil companies are probably not going to build a pipeline for Caspian Sea oil along a route that was pushed hard by the Clinton administration .
the new york times lead apparently goes as far as it can get from the presidential scandal -- with word that the major oil companies are probably not going to build a pipeline for caspian sea oil along a route that was pushed hard by the clinton [people in charge] .

The off-lead at the NYT follows up on the paper 's earlier reporting on the transfer of satellite technology to China during the Clinton administration .
the off-lead at the nyt follows up on the paper 's earlier reporting on the transfer of satellite technology to china during the clinton [people in charge] .

Citing a `` senior foreign policy advisor to Mr. Clinton , '' the LAT says the Administration has lost hope for any Iraqi concessions and is ready to use force `` sooner rather than later . ''
citing a `` senior foreign policy advisor to mr. clinton , '' the lat says the [people in charge] has lost hope for any iraqi concessions and is ready to use force `` sooner rather than later . ''

The NYT piece quotes a senior Administration official 's warning , `` If [ Saddam Hussein ] tries to use weapons of mass destruction he should know that we will obliterate Iraq . ''
the nyt piece quotes a senior [people in charge] official 's warning , `` if [ saddam hussein ] tries to use weapons of mass destruction he should know that we will obliterate iraq . ''

Several other authorities , including a Clinton administration policy maker , agreed .
several other authorities , including a clinton [people in charge] policy maker , agreed .

The Washington Post runs a story inside about its similar poll findings -- nearly two-thirds of those it surveyed approve of Clinton 's job performance -- but leads with the warning the Clinton administration 's senior national security advisors issued yesterday to Saddam Hussein : whenever necessary , the U.S. will bomb you again to prevent the development or use of gas and/or germ weapons .
the washington post runs a story inside about its similar poll findings -- nearly two-thirds of those it surveyed approve of clinton 's job performance -- but leads with the warning the clinton [people in charge] 's senior national security advisors issued yesterday to saddam hussein : whenever necessary , the u.s. will bomb you again to prevent the development or use of gas and/or germ weapons .

According to the Post , the administration 's big Iraq policy shift is that henceforth , it will not view action by or relating to the U.N. 's weapons inspectors , nor approval by the U.N. Security Council or any of the Allies , as required for the U.S. use of force .
according to the post , the [people in charge] 's big iraq policy shift is that henceforth , it will not view action by or relating to the u.n. 's weapons inspectors , nor approval by the u.n. security council or any of the allies , as required for the u.s. use of force .

Then the story regains its center of gravity , making the point that the Iraq policy turn , with its open-ended commitment of forces against Saddam , means that the Clinton administration has de facto abandoned the recent Washington policy mantra that military deployments were okay only if accompanied by a clear exit strategy .
then the story regains its center of gravity , making the point that the iraq policy turn , with its open-ended commitment of forces against saddam , means that the clinton [people in charge] has de facto abandoned the recent washington policy mantra that military deployments were okay only if accompanied by a clear exit strategy .

According to the LAT front , Clinton administration officials do not in fact believe the policy constrains them in their dealings with terrorists .
according to the lat front , clinton [people in charge] officials do not in fact believe the policy constrains them in their dealings with terrorists .

Chatterbox had thought it old hat ( it dates back at least to the Bush administration ) , but the phrase appeared 272 times in the CR database for 1999 , ranking it second among all submissions .
chatterbox had thought it old hat ( it dates back at least to the bush [people in charge] ) , but the phrase appeared 272 times in the cr database for 1999 , ranking it second among all submissions .

The WP cites an anonymous law enforcement official in making the claim that possible links between Ressam and anti-American militant Osama bin Laden are being pursued , and quotes an anonymous Clinton administration official , saying `` this was not a run-of-the-mill operation ...
the wp cites an anonymous law enforcement official in making the claim that possible links between ressam and anti-american militant osama bin laden are being pursued , and quotes an anonymous clinton [people in charge] official , saying `` this was not a run-of-the-mill operation ...

Paranoid 's Corner : There 's a Hillary angle to the previous , epic-length kausfiles item on the Clinton administration 's decision to promote food-stamp receipt .
paranoid 's corner : there 's a hillary angle to the previous , epic-length kausfiles item on the clinton [people in charge] 's decision to promote food-stamp receipt .

It 's this : Is the president 's new emphasis on food stamps an attempt to create an issue for the first lady to use against New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani , whose administration has been accused of making it too hard to get the stamps ?
it 's this : is the president 's new emphasis on food stamps an attempt to create an issue for the first lady to use against new york mayor rudolph giuliani , whose [people in charge] has been accused of making it too hard to get the stamps ?

Why did the administration suddenly now agree to give him a victory by taking a `` food stamps are good for you '' line ?
why did the [people in charge] suddenly now agree to give him a victory by taking a `` food stamps are good for you '' line ?

The Clinton administration may force the usually independent Export-Import Bank to drop $ 500 million in loan guarantees to a Russian oil company known for questionable practices , according to a Post front-pager .
the clinton [people in charge] may force the usually independent export-import bank to drop $ 500 million in loan guarantees to a russian oil company known for questionable practices , according to a post front-pager .

At issue : The administration is debating whether it is worse to give loans to an operation generally thought to be shady , or risk jeopardize already strained relations with the Kremlin .
at issue : the [people in charge] is debating whether it is worse to give loans to an operation generally thought to be shady , or risk jeopardize already strained relations with the kremlin .

Candidates Bush , McCain , and Bradley have all suggested that the administration stop the loans , the Post reports .
candidates bush , mccain , and bradley have all suggested that the [people in charge] stop the loans , the post reports .

I see the administration is getting ready to let Elian Gonzalez , the cuban boy/political football , go back to his native land .
i see the [people in charge] is getting ready to let elian gonzalez , the cuban boy/political football , go back to his native land .

In thinking back , every Democratic administration has had a resident in-house intellectual .
in thinking back , every democratic [people in charge] has had a resident in-house intellectual .

USAT reports that the Federal Aviation Administration has reversed a long-standing position with its announcement yesterday that it will require special safety seats for small children traveling in airliners .
usat reports that the federal aviation [people in charge] has reversed a long-standing position with its announcement yesterday that it will require special safety seats for small children traveling in airliners .

Everybody reports inside that yesterday , for the first time , former Democratic fund-raiser and Clinton administration Commerce Department official John Huang testified before a committee of Congress .
everybody reports inside that yesterday , for the first time , former democratic fund-raiser and clinton [people in charge] commerce department official john huang testified before a committee of congress .

According to information supplied by the Clinton administration 's drug policy office , marijuana has become the No .
according to information supplied by the clinton [people in charge] 's drug policy office , marijuana has become the no .

Bradley responded that the Clinton administration had itself discussed this option .
bradley responded that the clinton [people in charge] had itself discussed this option .

The point is that at the same time you criticize me for wanting discussion in the United States Senate on the variety of possibilities -- the exact thing Tim is talking about -- you and your administration are out doing the same thing .
the point is that at the same time you criticize me for wanting discussion in the united states senate on the variety of possibilities -- the exact thing tim is talking about -- you and your [people in charge] are out doing the same thing .

The LAT lead emphasizes the anti-terror moves being made by the Federal Aviation Administration at airports .
the lat lead emphasizes the anti-terror moves being made by the federal aviation [people in charge] at airports .

Both the NYT and WP front Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew Cuomo 's announcement yesterday that his agency will take direct control of the $ 60 million earmarked for services for the homeless in New York City , because the Giuliani administration can not be trusted to distribute them fairly .
both the nyt and wp front housing and urban development secretary andrew cuomo 's announcement yesterday that his agency will take direct control of the $ 60 million earmarked for services for the homeless in new york city , because the giuliani [people in charge] can not be trusted to distribute them fairly .

The New York Times puts Venezuela inside ( although it fronts a picture of troops maintaining order there in the aftermath ) and goes instead with the New York state court ruling that the Giuliani administration 's aggressive strategy for restricting the number of X-rated bookstores and movie theaters in the Big Apple was based on an overly broad definition of an adult-oriented business .
the new york times puts venezuela inside ( although it fronts a picture of troops maintaining order there in the aftermath ) and goes instead with the new york state court ruling that the giuliani [people in charge] 's aggressive strategy for restricting the number of x-rated bookstores and movie theaters in the big apple was based on an overly broad definition of an adult-oriented business .

The NYT lead explains that at issue is not the strict zoning confinement of adult businesses championed by the Giuliani administration -- that has been upheld in court -- but rather its attempt to say that a business was adult-oriented if 40 percent or more of its floor space or stock was adults-only .
the nyt lead explains that at issue is not the strict zoning confinement of adult businesses championed by the giuliani [people in charge] -- that has been upheld in court -- but rather its attempt to say that a business was adult-oriented if 40 percent or more of its floor space or stock was adults-only .

The `` TRB '' column doubts that Fidel Castro will cooperate with the Clinton administration 's modest embargo relaxation , `` a policy that announces itself as an effort to gradually undermine his rule . ''
the `` trb '' column doubts that fidel castro will cooperate with the clinton [people in charge] 's modest embargo relaxation , `` a policy that announces itself as an effort to gradually undermine his rule . ''

Is it the fondness for executions -- half of the nation 's last year -- the Civil War , the border patrol , the oxymoronic phrase `` compassionate conservatism , '' the sweaty midnight memories of the Bush-Quayle administration , that paunch on John Wayne in The Alamo ?
is it the fondness for executions -- half of the nation 's last year -- the civil war , the border patrol , the oxymoronic phrase `` compassionate conservatism , '' the sweaty midnight memories of the bush-quayle [people in charge] , that paunch on john wayne in the alamo ?

Such complaints already seem to have cowed the Clinton administration .
such complaints already seem to have cowed the clinton [people in charge] .

On background , the Clinton administration admits that its aim is to destroy Saddam 's air defenses , demoralize his generals , and provoke a coup .
on background , the clinton [people in charge] admits that its aim is to destroy saddam 's air defenses , demoralize his generals , and provoke a coup .

Tripp was a secretary at the White House , a holdover from the Bush administration .
tripp was a secretary at the white house , a holdover from the bush [people in charge] .

Alexander Portnoy , after he outgrows his autoerotic obsession , works for the liberal John Lindsay administration in New York City and does his best to demonstrate his concern for the poor and the oppressed .
alexander portnoy , after he outgrows his autoerotic obsession , works for the liberal john lindsay [people in charge] in new york city and does his best to demonstrate his concern for the poor and the oppressed .

Example : `` While I have been assured by administration officials that there is no connection with the impeachment process ... [ b ] oth the timing and the policy are subject to question '' ( Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott ) .
example : `` while i have been assured by [people in charge] officials that there is no connection with the impeachment process ... [ b ] oth the timing and the policy are subject to question '' ( senate majority leader trent lott ) .

He blamed the Republicans for letting the president `` off the hook '' by the `` btise `` of indicting him on Monica Lewinsky charges instead of on `` the politicisation of the Justice Department and the FBI that forms the core scandal pervading the abuses of this administration . ''
he blamed the republicans for letting the president `` off the hook '' by the `` btise `` of indicting him on monica lewinsky charges instead of on `` the politicisation of the justice department and the fbi that forms the core scandal pervading the abuses of this [people in charge] . ''

Accompanying articles explore other Masada-related confusions : Josephus ' text is ambiguous about where the martyrs actually fell , and the site itself was probably a center of political administration rather than a civilian refuge .
accompanying articles explore other masada-related confusions : josephus ' text is ambiguous about where the martyrs actually fell , and the site itself was probably a center of political [people in charge] rather than a civilian refuge .

Pundits debated the fallout from the Clinton administration 's latest lobbying and testimony before Congress .
pundits debated the fallout from the clinton [people in charge] 's latest lobbying and testimony before congress .

It also berates everyone , from early programmers to IBM to Microsoft to the Clinton administration , for lackadaisical response .
it also berates everyone , from early programmers to ibm to microsoft to the clinton [people in charge] , for lackadaisical response .

The conservative spin : The report proves the Clinton administration hurt U.S. national security by giving China access to high technology .
the conservative spin : the report proves the clinton [people in charge] hurt u.s. national security by giving china access to high technology .

The performance of the economy during his administration has been good , and although I do n't attribute very much of that to him , at least he has not been an obstacle .
the performance of the economy during his [people in charge] has been good , and although i do n't attribute very much of that to him , at least he has not been an obstacle .

Is it supposed to be cute when he sites the aquarium in the middle of the school 's baseball diamond and brings in the bulldozers without informing anyone in the administration ?
is it supposed to be cute when he sites the aquarium in the middle of the school 's baseball diamond and brings in the bulldozers without informing anyone in the [people in charge] ?

You should take Clomicalm , an anti-depressant just approved for pets by the Food and Drug Administration .
you should take clomicalm , an anti-depressant just approved for pets by the food and drug [people in charge] .

A high-ranking middle-aged woman in the Clinton administration said to me recently , `` If the world knew about my messy love life in my 20s , I would n't be in this job . ''
a high-ranking middle-aged woman in the clinton [people in charge] said to me recently , `` if the world knew about my messy love life in my 20s , i would n't be in this job . ''

He knew we were selling arms to Iran -- itself flatly illegal and spectacularly in conflict with the administration 's public pronouncements -- but , he claimed , he had no idea the deal involved paying ransom for hostages .
he knew we were selling arms to iran -- itself flatly illegal and spectacularly in conflict with the [people in charge] 's public pronouncements -- but , he claimed , he had no idea the deal involved paying ransom for hostages .

On Wednesday he had said about the Baghdad bombing : `` While I have been assured by administration officials that there is no connection with the impeachment process ...
on wednesday he had said about the baghdad bombing : `` while i have been assured by [people in charge] officials that there is no connection with the impeachment process ...

The Clinton administration leaked its new budget proposal .
the clinton [people in charge] leaked its new budget proposal .

The Clinton administration 's reported intention to certify Mexico as an ally in the drug wars is in trouble .
the clinton [people in charge] 's reported intention to certify mexico as an ally in the drug wars is in trouble .

Idealists ( e.g. , Anthony Lewis in the New York Times ) accused the Clinton administration of idly standing by while the Communist tyrant oppresses his people .
idealists ( e.g. , anthony lewis in the new york times ) accused the clinton [people in charge] of idly standing by while the communist tyrant oppresses his people .

The Clinton administration released documents showing that the National Security Council had warned the White House against consorting with shady characters who have since become infamous in the Democratic campaign-finance scandal .
the clinton [people in charge] released documents showing that the national security council had warned the white house against consorting with shady characters who have since become infamous in the democratic campaign-finance scandal .

The other scandal-related disclosure of the weekend was a Washington Post report that the administration embraced a bill financially beneficial to Guam after locals gave $ 900,000 to the DNC and the Clinton campaign .
the other scandal-related disclosure of the weekend was a washington post report that the [people in charge] embraced a bill financially beneficial to guam after locals gave $ 900,000 to the dnc and the clinton campaign .

I 'm puzzled that Cook at once urges that we study Eleanor in her own right , yet so `` privileges '' these first five years of her husband 's administration .
i 'm puzzled that cook at once urges that we study eleanor in her own right , yet so `` privileges '' these first five years of her husband 's [people in charge] .

Possibly because ditchings are both virtually nonexistent and virtually nonsurvivable , the Federal Aviation Administration does not require commercial pilots to train for them .
possibly because ditchings are both virtually nonexistent and virtually nonsurvivable , the federal aviation [people in charge] does not require commercial pilots to train for them .

Why does Christopher Lasch 's The New Radicalism in America -- the classic indictment of the self-interest of the `` concerned '' classes , which excoriates progressive paternalism from Jane Addams to the Kennedy administration -- leave a big hole where Eleanor should be , giving her a free pass ?
why does christopher lasch 's the new radicalism in america -- the classic indictment of the self-interest of the `` concerned '' classes , which excoriates progressive paternalism from jane addams to the kennedy [people in charge] -- leave a big hole where eleanor should be , giving her a free pass ?

Her husband 's administration was in the midst of saving capitalism from itself .
her husband 's [people in charge] was in the midst of saving capitalism from itself .

As is usually the case when interesting questions are raised , the answer can be found on the Web -- in this case , by consulting the National Climatic Data Center of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( popularly known as NOAA and pronounced exactly like Chatterbox 's last name ) .
as is usually the case when interesting questions are raised , the answer can be found on the web -- in this case , by consulting the national climatic data center of the national oceanic and atmospheric [people in charge] ( popularly known as noaa and pronounced exactly like chatterbox 's last name ) .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the news that , after 1996 's Taiwan Strait crisis , the Clinton administration quietly began forging an extensive military relationship with Taiwan .
the los angeles times goes with the news that , after 1996 's taiwan strait crisis , the clinton [people in charge] quietly began forging an extensive military relationship with taiwan .

The Clinton administration authorized the Pentagon to engage in dialogue with Taiwan 's armed forces to an extent unprecedented since 1979 .
the clinton [people in charge] authorized the pentagon to engage in dialogue with taiwan 's armed forces to an extent unprecedented since 1979 .

Clinton administration officials explained that the relationship was developed to reduce Taiwan 's sense of isolation , to gain a better sense of Taiwan 's armed forces , and to `` respond to '' a pro-Taiwan Republican-dominated Congress .
clinton [people in charge] officials explained that the relationship was developed to reduce taiwan 's sense of isolation , to gain a better sense of taiwan 's armed forces , and to `` respond to '' a pro-taiwan republican-dominated congress .

The New York Times leads with the Clinton administration 's planning of an extensive FBI-run monitoring system for protecting government computers and those in the private sector from hackers .
the new york times leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's planning of an extensive fbi-run monitoring system for protecting government computers and those in the private sector from hackers .

Bull Connor advised FDR on Southern matters until FDR 's death , ran Birmingham for almost three decades after Eleanor 's sit-down protest , and was even the Democratic National Committeeman for Alabama during the Kennedy administration . )
bull connor advised fdr on southern matters until fdr 's death , ran birmingham for almost three decades after eleanor 's sit-down protest , and was even the democratic national committeeman for alabama during the kennedy [people in charge] . )

The forum 's conservatives agreed to pity its leading liberal and her `` hatred , '' but returned to rancorous form when talk turned to Clinton 's accomplishments and his administration 's sale of missile technology to China .
the forum 's conservatives agreed to pity its leading liberal and her `` hatred , '' but returned to rancorous form when talk turned to clinton 's accomplishments and his [people in charge] 's sale of missile technology to china .

Back during the Nixon administration , Supreme Court decisions permitted some `` obscene '' materials to be distributed only if they were combined with other matters that had `` redeeming social value . ''
back during the nixon [people in charge] , supreme court decisions permitted some `` obscene '' materials to be distributed only if they were combined with other matters that had `` redeeming social value . ''

The Food and Drug Administration has repeatedly found Norplant to be safe and effective .
the food and drug [people in charge] has repeatedly found norplant to be safe and effective .

Through most of 1993 and '94 , the refrain of disenchanted New Democrats was that although Clinton had been elected on a centrist platform of welfare reform and deficit reduction , his administration was being captured by old-school libs .
through most of 1993 and '94 , the refrain of disenchanted new democrats was that although clinton had been elected on a centrist platform of welfare reform and deficit reduction , his [people in charge] was being captured by old-school libs .

After the House voted not to renew the administration 's fast-track trade negotiating authority last fall , the White House became preoccupied with fostering a more productive relationship with Hill Democrats , according to White House officials .
after the house voted not to renew the [people in charge] 's fast-track trade negotiating authority last fall , the white house became preoccupied with fostering a more productive relationship with hill democrats , according to white house officials .

It is recorded in the Secret Service log , which is not made public during the administration 's tenure .
it is recorded in the secret service log , which is not made public during the [people in charge] 's tenure .

AmeriCorps is his pet project , and his administration has encouraged service as an alternative to jail time .
americorps is his pet project , and his [people in charge] has encouraged service as an alternative to jail time .

In an age of open and ( ostensibly ) frugal public administration , the Secret Service is an anomaly , an agency that operates with nearly as much secrecy as the CIA and spends almost as freely as its heart desires .
in an age of open and ( ostensibly ) frugal public [people in charge] , the secret service is an anomaly , an agency that operates with nearly as much secrecy as the cia and spends almost as freely as its heart desires .

In a Washington Post story about how John Hilley , an administration official , was crucial to the budget deal , Morris offers : `` Without him , there never would have been a budget deal .
in a washington post story about how john hilley , an [people in charge] official , was crucial to the budget deal , morris offers : `` without him , there never would have been a budget deal .

Back then , the common wisdom was that the administration was breathtakingly inept at communications .
back then , the common wisdom was that the [people in charge] was breathtakingly inept at communications .

The result was an administration that was regularly embarrassed by PR `` fiascoes . ''
the result was an [people in charge] that was regularly embarrassed by pr `` fiascoes . ''

Administration officials sort of liked this line , because it exonerated them at a substantive level .
[people in charge] officials sort of liked this line , because it exonerated them at a substantive level .

A 1993 General Accounting Office report showed the breadth of incompetence in financial-aid administration -- between 1982 and 1992 , 43,519 ineligible students received subsidized loans .
a 1993 general accounting office report showed the breadth of incompetence in financial-aid [people in charge] -- between 1982 and 1992 , 43,519 ineligible students received subsidized loans .

Between 1992 and 1995 , he looked into charges that Bush administration officials instigated an improper search of Bill Clinton 's passport files during the 1992 campaign .
between 1992 and 1995 , he looked into charges that bush [people in charge] officials instigated an improper search of bill clinton 's passport files during the 1992 campaign .

Imagine how Republicans would howl if a Democratic independent counsel let a Democratic administration off the hook . )
imagine how republicans would howl if a democratic independent counsel let a democratic [people in charge] off the hook . )

He is a friend of several members of Starr 's staff and is especially close to Starr 's chief deputy , Hickman Ewing , with whom he served as a U.S. attorney during the Reagan administration .
he is a friend of several members of starr 's staff and is especially close to starr 's chief deputy , hickman ewing , with whom he served as a u.s. attorney during the reagan [people in charge] .

Commentators are commending the administration 's strategic acumen in proposing to expand child-care benefits and let 55-year-olds buy into Medicare .
commentators are commending the [people in charge] 's strategic acumen in proposing to expand child-care benefits and let 55-year-olds buy into medicare .

What is much harder to understand is the Clintonophobia exhibited by a Washington elite that roughly shares the administration 's center-liberal orientation .
what is much harder to understand is the clintonophobia exhibited by a washington elite that roughly shares the [people in charge] 's center-liberal orientation .

Mary came to Washington to work on the New Deal National Youth Administration in 1935 and has been with Yates since 1965 .
mary came to washington to work on the new deal national youth [people in charge] in 1935 and has been with yates since 1965 .

His end-the-tax-code initiative had merely given fodder to the Clinton administration in its efforts to paint Republicans as irresponsible .
his end-the-tax-code initiative had merely given fodder to the clinton [people in charge] in its efforts to paint republicans as irresponsible .

Such objections first arose in 1994 , when the Clinton administration made a sudden about-face , declaring it would `` delink '' Chinese trade policy from human rights .
such objections first arose in 1994 , when the clinton [people in charge] made a sudden about-face , declaring it would `` delink '' chinese trade policy from human rights .

Like its Republican predecessors , the administration now contends that pushing for human rights improvements quietly and behind the scenes is more effective .
like its republican predecessors , the [people in charge] now contends that pushing for human rights improvements quietly and behind the scenes is more effective .

Some Republicans have tried to imply that the Chinese purchased the Clinton administration 's favor with illegal campaign cash .
some republicans have tried to imply that the chinese purchased the clinton [people in charge] 's favor with illegal campaign cash .

At this stage , it is still far from proved that anyone in the Clinton administration knew that the Democratic Party was getting money from China or that money had an influence on its policies .
at this stage , it is still far from proved that anyone in the clinton [people in charge] knew that the democratic party was getting money from china or that money had an influence on its policies .

Not having seen a Democratic administration in a dozen years , they might well have been worried that the new one elected in 1992 would actually follow through on its rhetoric about human rights and democracy .
not having seen a democratic [people in charge] in a dozen years , they might well have been worried that the new one elected in 1992 would actually follow through on its rhetoric about human rights and democracy .

These included a 20 percent increase in Social Security benefits , plus automatic cost-of-living adjustments ; the `` black lung '' disability benefit program for miners ; and creation of the Environmental Protection Agency as well as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration .
these included a 20 percent increase in social security benefits , plus automatic cost-of-living adjustments ; the `` black lung '' disability benefit program for miners ; and creation of the environmental protection agency as well as the occupational safety and health [people in charge] .

In 1988 , Dobson set up the Washington-based Family Research Council , headed by his ally Gary Bauer , a former Reagan administration official .
in 1988 , dobson set up the washington-based family research council , headed by his ally gary bauer , a former reagan [people in charge] official .

Last week , I was included in a group of journalists invited by Hillary Clinton for an off-camera but on-the-record `` dialogue '' about the administration 's plans for celebrating the millennium .
last week , i was included in a group of journalists invited by hillary clinton for an off-camera but on-the-record `` dialogue '' about the [people in charge] 's plans for celebrating the millennium .

Unlike Klaidman , who wants to curry favor with Clinton administration friends such as [ George ] Stephanopoulos , Klayman looks to no one , other than God , for guidance and direction .
unlike klaidman , who wants to curry favor with clinton [people in charge] friends such as [ george ] stephanopoulos , klayman looks to no one , other than god , for guidance and direction .

After attempting to ascertain whether I was a Clinton spy or worked for Salon magazine ( `` in our view , a front for the Clinton administration '' ) , Klayman told me that `` private investigator types '' working for Clinton have been spotted `` casing '' his office .
after attempting to ascertain whether i was a clinton spy or worked for salon magazine ( `` in our view , a front for the clinton [people in charge] '' ) , klayman told me that `` private investigator types '' working for clinton have been spotted `` casing '' his office .

With darting eyes and barely repressed rage , he alleged that administration secret police keep files on him .
with darting eyes and barely repressed rage , he alleged that [people in charge] secret police keep files on him .

He went on to tell me that Ron Brown was probably murdered because of what he knew about various administration scandals .
he went on to tell me that ron brown was probably murdered because of what he knew about various [people in charge] scandals .

The Brown cover-up is the subject of one of the 18 lawsuits Klayman has filed against the administration .
the brown cover-up is the subject of one of the 18 lawsuits klayman has filed against the [people in charge] .

Never mind that congressional investigators and Ken Starr have decided that the gathering of FBI files on previous administration officials with names starting with letters A through G was not part of a grand plot to harass political opponents .
never mind that congressional investigators and ken starr have decided that the gathering of fbi files on previous [people in charge] officials with names starting with letters a through g was not part of a grand plot to harass political opponents .

Klayman asks administration officials about whom they date , where they go after work , whether they were expelled from school for disciplinary problems .
klayman asks [people in charge] officials about whom they date , where they go after work , whether they were expelled from school for disciplinary problems .

The document , which he faxed to me , turns out to be merely a list of Asian-Americans appointed by the Clinton administration .
the document , which he faxed to me , turns out to be merely a list of asian-americans appointed by the clinton [people in charge] .

Inside the administration , he fought off objections from the military .
inside the [people in charge] , he fought off objections from the military .

The Clinton administration , most of the Senate , and a slew of economists opposed the bill , agreeing that it would invite protectionist retaliation from other countries .
the clinton [people in charge] , most of the senate , and a slew of economists opposed the bill , agreeing that it would invite protectionist retaliation from other countries .

The Times of London , in an editorial expressing `` heartfelt sympathy '' for the people of Moscow -- and also for the Russian administration `` lumbered with yet another crisis '' -- warned , nevertheless , against an abuse of power .
the times of london , in an editorial expressing `` heartfelt sympathy '' for the people of moscow -- and also for the russian [people in charge] `` lumbered with yet another crisis '' -- warned , nevertheless , against an abuse of power .

What concerns the HLS administration is not so much that Harvard law students are depressed , it 's that publicized studies show that they 're depressed .
what concerns the hls [people in charge] is not so much that harvard law students are depressed , it 's that publicized studies show that they 're depressed .

Systematic data on students ' concerns might be just what is needed by a law school administration that has ignored mounds of anecdotal evidence .
systematic data on students ' concerns might be just what is needed by a law school [people in charge] that has ignored mounds of anecdotal evidence .

Students seem to feel that the mere involvement of a management consulting firm is an indication that the administration cares more than they previously thought .
students seem to feel that the mere involvement of a management consulting firm is an indication that the [people in charge] cares more than they previously thought .

Attorney General Janet Reno has always been viewed as the least Clintonian member of the Clinton administration .
attorney general janet reno has always been viewed as the least clintonian member of the clinton [people in charge] .

No Clinton administration figure depends more on image than the attorney general , and none has relied so much on words and symbols as a substitute for action .
no clinton [people in charge] figure depends more on image than the attorney general , and none has relied so much on words and symbols as a substitute for action .

The other is the faceless , trustworthy administration foot soldier .
the other is the faceless , trustworthy [people in charge] foot soldier .

During the Clinton administration , a primary -- arguably the primary -- job of the attorney general has been to supervise the investigations of her colleagues and boss .
during the clinton [people in charge] , a primary -- arguably the primary -- job of the attorney general has been to supervise the investigations of her colleagues and boss .

Reno has appointed independent counsels to investigate six of her fellow Cabinet members and her president , and has overseen innumerable internal Justice investigations of administration corruption .
reno has appointed independent counsels to investigate six of her fellow cabinet members and her president , and has overseen innumerable internal justice investigations of [people in charge] corruption .

The Reagan administration 's own proposal to eliminate nuclear weapons was sparked by the peacenik slogan `` zero option . ''
the reagan [people in charge] 's own proposal to eliminate nuclear weapons was sparked by the peacenik slogan `` zero option . ''

Even highly placed Clinton administration officials secretly subscribe to stalemate .
even highly placed clinton [people in charge] officials secretly subscribe to stalemate .

The administration now calculates that over the following 10 years , the tax cut will cost some $ 3 trillion -- this just at the time that retiring baby boomers are starting to drain the Social Security surpluses .
the [people in charge] now calculates that over the following 10 years , the tax cut will cost some $ 3 trillion -- this just at the time that retiring baby boomers are starting to drain the social security surpluses .

According to the General Accounting Office , the costs of providing air traffic control services to each segment of aviation are unknown because the Federal Aviation Administration does not have an adequate cost accounting system .
according to the general accounting office , the costs of providing air traffic control services to each segment of aviation are unknown because the federal aviation [people in charge] does not have an adequate cost accounting system .

Sen. Joe Biden , D-Del. , called it `` a victory for President Clinton and his administration , '' and Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nev. , chided conservatives who had called it `` Clinton and Gore 's war . ''
sen. joe biden , d-del. , called it `` a victory for president clinton and his [people in charge] , '' and sen. harry reid , d-nev. , chided conservatives who had called it `` clinton and gore 's war . ''

Bradley cites only one example : the Works Project Administration .
bradley cites only one example : the works project [people in charge] .

The Clinton administration approved private space cameras in 1994 .
the clinton [people in charge] approved private space cameras in 1994 .

What is this administration going to do next , ban calico cats ? ''
what is this [people in charge] going to do next , ban calico cats ? ''

The Clinton administration had specifically pledged $ 1.2 billion in aid to evacuate residents , relocate industries , and establish military facilities , the paper said .
the clinton [people in charge] had specifically pledged $ 1.2 billion in aid to evacuate residents , relocate industries , and establish military facilities , the paper said .

Across this hemisphere , according to the scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , severe storms -- meaning more than 2 inches of rainfall in a 24-hour period -- are up about 20 percent compared with the century average .
across this hemisphere , according to the scientists at the national oceanic and atmospheric [people in charge] , severe storms -- meaning more than 2 inches of rainfall in a 24-hour period -- are up about 20 percent compared with the century average .

The Clinton administration has proposed a regulatory fix that would limit the definition of what information researchers must make public , as well as the `` reasonable fees '' that federal agencies can charge for obtaining requested data .
the clinton [people in charge] has proposed a regulatory fix that would limit the definition of what information researchers must make public , as well as the `` reasonable fees '' that federal agencies can charge for obtaining requested data .

The administration has consented to a revocation of the tuition hike , reports National Public Radio , but now the students and many professors are insisting on a more active say in how the university is run .
the [people in charge] has consented to a revocation of the tuition hike , reports national public radio , but now the students and many professors are insisting on a more active say in how the university is run .

Even if he lacks direct knowledge , he has chosen the perfect suburban verbal style for this administration , an excellent advance on `` soccer mom . ''
even if he lacks direct knowledge , he has chosen the perfect suburban verbal style for this [people in charge] , an excellent advance on `` soccer mom . ''

He also called a recent report exonerating the Clinton administration a `` whitewash '' and said that Deputy Secretary of Energy Elizabeth Moler blocked him from briefing Congress .
he also called a recent report exonerating the clinton [people in charge] a `` whitewash '' and said that deputy secretary of energy elizabeth moler blocked him from briefing congress .

Critics on the right dismissed the tour as a simplistic photo op , and Peter Edelman , a former Clinton official who quit to protest the 1996 welfare reform , called it cosmetic , arguing that Clinton `` can not admit the extent of the problem because his Administration has a vested interest in the notion that welfare reform has been a success . ''
critics on the right dismissed the tour as a simplistic photo op , and peter edelman , a former clinton official who quit to protest the 1996 welfare reform , called it cosmetic , arguing that clinton `` can not admit the extent of the problem because his [people in charge] has a vested interest in the notion that welfare reform has been a success . ''

William Saletan showed more than a little bias in the piece about the Republican condemnation of the Clinton administration 's actions in Kosovo ( `` '' ) .
william saletan showed more than a little bias in the piece about the republican condemnation of the clinton [people in charge] 's actions in kosovo ( `` '' ) .

We had no business in any of the NATO actions ; there was no real possibility of this expanding throughout the region as everyone in the administration was spouting .
we had no business in any of the nato actions ; there was no real possibility of this expanding throughout the region as everyone in the [people in charge] was spouting .

Trulock countered that only three of the 12 initial suspects in the case were of Chinese background and called a recent report exonerating the Clinton administration `` a whitewash . ''
trulock countered that only three of the 12 initial suspects in the case were of chinese background and called a recent report exonerating the clinton [people in charge] `` a whitewash . ''

Doyle , a `` master of crackling prose '' ( Richard R. Roberts , the Indianapolis Star ) , provides insightful transcripts from key moments , such as the Cuban missile crisis and the final days of the Nixon administration .
doyle , a `` master of crackling prose '' ( richard r. roberts , the indianapolis star ) , provides insightful transcripts from key moments , such as the cuban missile crisis and the final days of the nixon [people in charge] .

The Moscow Times said Tuesday that Republican front-runner George W. Bush is missing an excellent opportunity to attack his leading Democratic opponent Al Gore for the administration 's policies toward Russia .
the moscow times said tuesday that republican front-runner george w. bush is missing an excellent opportunity to attack his leading democratic opponent al gore for the [people in charge] 's policies toward russia .

President Clinton refused to disclose details of his administration 's deliberations over Puerto Rican clemency .
president clinton refused to disclose details of his [people in charge] 's deliberations over puerto rican clemency .

Meanwhile , the U.S. administration decided to go easy on Syria , with President Bill Clinton postponing a planned telephone conversation with Syrian President Hafez Assad .
meanwhile , the u.s. [people in charge] decided to go easy on syria , with president bill clinton postponing a planned telephone conversation with syrian president hafez assad .

According to Richard Golaszewski of the consulting firm GRA Inc. , general aviation imposes about $ 1 billion a year in air traffic control costs on the Federal Aviation Administration , but the fuel taxes levied on general aviation cover only about one-third of that .
according to richard golaszewski of the consulting firm gra inc. , general aviation imposes about $ 1 billion a year in air traffic control costs on the federal aviation [people in charge] , but the fuel taxes levied on general aviation cover only about one-third of that .

Largely unregulated by the Food and Drug Administration , these over-the-counter compounds are legal for 12-year-olds to buy .
largely unregulated by the food and drug [people in charge] , these over-the-counter compounds are legal for 12-year-olds to buy .

The principal sites for resumed U.S. nuclear weapons testing under a Pat Buchanan administration . ''
the principal sites for resumed u.s. nuclear weapons testing under a pat buchanan [people in charge] . ''

The unanimous spin : Another independent counsel has wasted vast sums of money trying to prove a flawed case against a member of the Clinton administration .
the unanimous spin : another independent counsel has wasted vast sums of money trying to prove a flawed case against a member of the clinton [people in charge] .

Nearly three months ago , when the administration at the National Autonomous University of Mexico proposed a raise in student tuition from 2 cents to about $ 150 a year , students closed down the classes with a strike , affecting 267,000 students and 30,000 professors .
nearly three months ago , when the [people in charge] at the national autonomous university of mexico proposed a raise in student tuition from 2 cents to about $ 150 a year , students closed down the classes with a strike , affecting 267,000 students and 30,000 professors .

The Scotsman reports that Edinburgh University is withholding exam results from 90 computer science students while the administration determines whether or not they used the Internet to cheat .
the scotsman reports that edinburgh university is withholding exam results from 90 computer science students while the [people in charge] determines whether or not they used the internet to cheat .

The Giuliani administration has dispensed more than $ 2 billion in tax breaks and electrical subsidies to 50 large corporations , squandering public money and shifting the tax burden to smaller companies .
the giuliani [people in charge] has dispensed more than $ 2 billion in tax breaks and electrical subsidies to 50 large corporations , squandering public money and shifting the tax burden to smaller companies .

Clinton and Gore constantly recite statistics that reflect well on their administration : more jobs , lower deficits , lower interest rates , fewer people on welfare , less crime .
clinton and gore constantly recite statistics that reflect well on their [people in charge] : more jobs , lower deficits , lower interest rates , fewer people on welfare , less crime .

Clinton and Gore have spent seven years telling Americans the story of how their administration revived the economy .
clinton and gore have spent seven years telling americans the story of how their [people in charge] revived the economy .

Some blame the Clinton administration 's blind support of Boris Yeltsin and International Monetary Fund loans or America 's insistence on economic `` shock therapy '' for Russia 's deterioration .
some blame the clinton [people in charge] 's blind support of boris yeltsin and international monetary fund loans or america 's insistence on economic `` shock therapy '' for russia 's deterioration .

It quoted senior administration officials as saying that the situation was still `` highly fragile . ''
it quoted senior [people in charge] officials as saying that the situation was still `` highly fragile . ''

In office , JFK took further advantage of the medium , using television to shape the public perception of his administration .
in office , jfk took further advantage of the medium , using television to shape the public perception of his [people in charge] .

In the name of universal service , the federal Rural Electrification Administration spends $ 33 million subsidizing electric power for upcountry customers .
in the name of universal service , the federal rural electrification [people in charge] spends $ 33 million subsidizing electric power for upcountry customers .

Now the administration is engaging in a little conspiracy-mongering of its own with its 331-page report , `` The Communication Stream of Conspiracy Commerce . ''
now the [people in charge] is engaging in a little conspiracy-mongering of its own with its 331-page report , `` the communication stream of conspiracy commerce . ''

According to the Clinton administration , this is how the Stream of Conspiracy courses its way through the media : `` Well-funded right-wing think tanks and individuals '' subsidize fringe media such as the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review and the Western Journalism Center , which publish outlandish charges against Clinton .
according to the clinton [people in charge] , this is how the stream of conspiracy courses its way through the media : `` well-funded right-wing think tanks and individuals '' subsidize fringe media such as the pittsburgh tribune-review and the western journalism center , which publish outlandish charges against clinton .

The administration 's charge that the Internet has become a conduit and multiplier of Clinton tall tales poses a tricky question about the Web : Is the free flow of information always a good thing ?
the [people in charge] 's charge that the internet has become a conduit and multiplier of clinton tall tales poses a tricky question about the web : is the free flow of information always a good thing ?

He was the administration 's point man on the Jones case and has been known to wipe up after Clinton 's bimbo eruptions .
he was the [people in charge] 's point man on the jones case and has been known to wipe up after clinton 's bimbo eruptions .

Many speculate that he wipes up after the president 's bimbo eruptions ; he was also the administration 's point man on the Jones case .
many speculate that he wipes up after the president 's bimbo eruptions ; he was also the [people in charge] 's point man on the jones case .

Fabricating evidence would , of course , be a highly unethical activity for a lawyer , but if , as some administration advocates maintain , the TP is all true , assistance in its drafting would not be unethical .
fabricating evidence would , of course , be a highly unethical activity for a lawyer , but if , as some [people in charge] advocates maintain , the tp is all true , assistance in its drafting would not be unethical .

A senior administration official has suggested that a draft of the TP lives on Tripp 's hard drive .
a senior [people in charge] official has suggested that a draft of the tp lives on tripp 's hard drive .

As subsequent sentences make clear , that side is the administration 's -- as distinct from Jones ' .
as subsequent sentences make clear , that side is the [people in charge] 's -- as distinct from jones ' .

To eat there one had to be either a fairly high-ranking official of the administration or the guest of such a person .
to eat there one had to be either a fairly high-ranking official of the [people in charge] or the guest of such a person .

The Kennedy administration was taken by that idea 35 years ago .
the kennedy [people in charge] was taken by that idea 35 years ago .

How can the administration 's economic officials , all presumably on the same team , meet for hours to talk about the budget without getting one step forward ?
how can the [people in charge] 's economic officials , all presumably on the same team , meet for hours to talk about the budget without getting one step forward ?

Things must have gone down a lot after the Nixon administration . )
things must have gone down a lot after the nixon [people in charge] . )

Senior administration officials said last night that the White House will appoint a `` Peanut Czar '' to oversee the president 's campaign against peanut production and consumption .
senior [people in charge] officials said last night that the white house will appoint a `` peanut czar '' to oversee the president 's campaign against peanut production and consumption .

I had my own experience , during the Nixon administration , of carrying on despite swirling scandal .
i had my own experience , during the nixon [people in charge] , of carrying on despite swirling scandal .

His global supporters turned against him only when his unpopular administration had become a threat to the region 's stability and just plain bad for business .
his global supporters turned against him only when his unpopular [people in charge] had become a threat to the region 's stability and just plain bad for business .

I propose here to comment not on the policy it contains but on the rhetoric with which it is presented -- on the spin the Clinton administration puts on its policy .
i propose here to comment not on the policy it contains but on the rhetoric with which it is presented -- on the spin the clinton [people in charge] puts on its policy .

Of course , they reflected the point of view of the administration , but the reader did n't have the feeling that he was constantly being urged to buy the Brooklyn Bridge .
of course , they reflected the point of view of the [people in charge] , but the reader did n't have the feeling that he was constantly being urged to buy the brooklyn bridge .

The control system gave the administration extraordinary power over individual businesses .
the control system gave the [people in charge] extraordinary power over individual businesses .

The next administration is going the need all the brilliance , flexibility , and cultural insight it can muster , and I 'll welcome these attributes , if genuine , from any quarter and attached to just about any track record .
the next [people in charge] is going the need all the brilliance , flexibility , and cultural insight it can muster , and i 'll welcome these attributes , if genuine , from any quarter and attached to just about any track record .

The Reagan administration was , I think , gratuitously punitive toward some of the poorest and most desperate welfare recipients and put much too much of the burden of its supposed deficit reduction on the backs of those least able to afford it ( and on programs so meagerly funded that their contribution to deficit reduction was meaningless in any case ) .
the reagan [people in charge] was , i think , gratuitously punitive toward some of the poorest and most desperate welfare recipients and put much too much of the burden of its supposed deficit reduction on the backs of those least able to afford it ( and on programs so meagerly funded that their contribution to deficit reduction was meaningless in any case ) .

It has also gone largely unnoticed that the Reagan administration supported some of the early state back-to-work experiments that eventually showed impressive results , and that it expanded the EITC , which has now ( after its much greater expansion under Clinton ) become one of the great success stories of contemporary social policy .
it has also gone largely unnoticed that the reagan [people in charge] supported some of the early state back-to-work experiments that eventually showed impressive results , and that it expanded the eitc , which has now ( after its much greater expansion under clinton ) become one of the great success stories of contemporary social policy .

Credit for that must be distributed widely , but the economic policies of the Reagan administration undoubtedly contributed .
credit for that must be distributed widely , but the economic policies of the reagan [people in charge] undoubtedly contributed .

Blame for that must also be distributed widely , but I have no doubt that the Reagan administration 's economic policies -- cutting taxes mostly for the upper brackets while watching higher social security taxes eat away at lower- and middle-class family incomes , as just one example -- contributed to this large social failure .
blame for that must also be distributed widely , but i have no doubt that the reagan [people in charge] 's economic policies -- cutting taxes mostly for the upper brackets while watching higher social security taxes eat away at lower- and middle-class family incomes , as just one example -- contributed to this large social failure .

Bennett also happily commented on the decrease in noise , graffiti , and panhandling in New York City under the Giuliani administration , as I would like to say only someone who lives in D.C. , as he does , could , except that many people who live here do also , although it does to a large degree depend on where you live .
bennett also happily commented on the decrease in noise , graffiti , and panhandling in new york city under the giuliani [people in charge] , as i would like to say only someone who lives in d.c. , as he does , could , except that many people who live here do also , although it does to a large degree depend on where you live .

The New York Times , which fronts the AFL-CIO , leads with the Clinton administration 's strong opposition to European Union thoughts of supplying heating oil and other aid to Yugoslavia .
the new york times , which fronts the afl-cio , leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's strong opposition to european union thoughts of supplying heating oil and other aid to yugoslavia .

I do n't think it would be an exaggeration to say that you frequently see grittier reporting on VH1 's Behind the Music , especially the part where Bush was so overcome with emotion while reading a letter he wrote to a 7-year-old girl whose father had been killed in battle during his administration that he was unable to continue , and had to hand the task over to the Donaldson ( on 20/20 -- that 's never happened on Behind the Music , although I did n't watch every minute of the one on Poison , so you never know ) .
i do n't think it would be an exaggeration to say that you frequently see grittier reporting on vh1 's behind the music , especially the part where bush was so overcome with emotion while reading a letter he wrote to a 7-year-old girl whose father had been killed in battle during his [people in charge] that he was unable to continue , and had to hand the task over to the donaldson ( on 20/20 -- that 's never happened on behind the music , although i did n't watch every minute of the one on poison , so you never know ) .

In fact , most people who give Giuliani all the credit for New York 's declining crime rate do n't know that crime started to drop during the last two years of the Dinkins administration .
in fact , most people who give giuliani all the credit for new york 's declining crime rate do n't know that crime started to drop during the last two years of the dinkins [people in charge] .

In this administration , anyway .
in this [people in charge] , anyway .

President Nixon , after expressing the view that most Jewish Americans are insisting that the Administration go along with what he regards as Israeli intransigence on the Suez Canal and other Mideast peace issues while refusing to give him support on his Vietnam policy , remarks : `` If anybody who 's been in this chair ever had reason to be anti-Semitic [ italics Chatterbox 's ] , I did . ''
president nixon , after expressing the view that most jewish americans are insisting that the [people in charge] go along with what he regards as israeli intransigence on the suez canal and other mideast peace issues while refusing to give him support on his vietnam policy , remarks : `` if anybody who 's been in this chair ever had reason to be anti-semitic [ italics chatterbox 's ] , i did . ''

It should be noted that the President 's comments regarding lack of political support for the Administration among many Jewish Americans frequently occur when Haldeman is present , and that Haldeman is generally quick to note when some person who is the subject of adverse comment happens to be Jewish ...
it should be noted that the president 's comments regarding lack of political support for the [people in charge] among many jewish americans frequently occur when haldeman is present , and that haldeman is generally quick to note when some person who is the subject of adverse comment happens to be jewish ...

People in the Reagan administration , Reagan partisans , and Reagan himself have had obvious self-serving reasons for making such arguments -- for insisting that a major event in world history that arose out of a vast confluence of factors was the result of the policies and the rhetoric of a single man .
people in the reagan [people in charge] , reagan partisans , and reagan himself have had obvious self-serving reasons for making such arguments -- for insisting that a major event in world history that arose out of a vast confluence of factors was the result of the policies and the rhetoric of a single man .

Concern over growing missile threats in North Korea , Iran , and Iraq led the Clinton administration to suggest changes to the groundbreaking ABM treaty .
concern over growing missile threats in north korea , iran , and iraq led the clinton [people in charge] to suggest changes to the groundbreaking abm treaty .

At the very first question , which referred to `` behavior by members of your administration , '' Gore came out with a blast of empathy for emotions the questioner never expressed .
at the very first question , which referred to `` behavior by members of your [people in charge] , '' gore came out with a blast of empathy for emotions the questioner never expressed .

Administration officials argue that the Republican plan does not add up and that the proposal would force layoffs and harm military readiness .
[people in charge] officials argue that the republican plan does not add up and that the proposal would force layoffs and harm military readiness .

His key claim : Nuclear arms are coming into the hands of more and more countries not because of the absence of such a treaty but because of the Clinton administration 's failed nonproliferation policies .
his key claim : nuclear arms are coming into the hands of more and more countries not because of the absence of such a treaty but because of the clinton [people in charge] 's failed nonproliferation policies .

The administration has decontrolled satellite launches , helping China improve its nuclear missile force .
the [people in charge] has decontrolled satellite launches , helping china improve its nuclear missile force .

The administration has looked the other way as Russia has been repeatedly caught assisting both Iran and Iraq in their drive to build weapons of mass destruction . ''
the [people in charge] has looked the other way as russia has been repeatedly caught assisting both iran and iraq in their drive to build weapons of mass destruction . ''

It wo n't be the stale Bush administration we knew .
it wo n't be the stale bush [people in charge] we knew .

Both the WP and LAT report that the Clinton administration had warned in recent weeks against any extra-constitutional ouster of the government .
both the wp and lat report that the clinton [people in charge] had warned in recent weeks against any extra-constitutional ouster of the government .

Regulatory agencies like the Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission hedge on the issue , neither guaranteeing cellular phones ' safety nor recommending that users stop using them .
regulatory agencies like the food and drug [people in charge] and federal communications commission hedge on the issue , neither guaranteeing cellular phones ' safety nor recommending that users stop using them .

The New York Times front is a campaign manager 's dream : The lead is Al Gore 's vow yesterday that if elected president , he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the California and Florida coasts ( the Clinton administration policy is a mere moratorium ) , and nearby is a reefer reporting that Bill Bradley yesterday advocated attacking child poverty by raising the minimum wage , increasing child-care spending , and providing working parents with various tax benefits .
the new york times front is a campaign manager 's dream : the lead is al gore 's vow yesterday that if elected president , he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the california and florida coasts ( the clinton [people in charge] policy is a mere moratorium ) , and nearby is a reefer reporting that bill bradley yesterday advocated attacking child poverty by raising the minimum wage , increasing child-care spending , and providing working parents with various tax benefits .

The Clinton administration ought to break off formal diplomatic ties with this illegal military government until a true democratic regime comes to power .
the clinton [people in charge] ought to break off formal diplomatic ties with this illegal military government until a true democratic regime comes to power .

Diaz then says that the Food and Drug Administration wants to impose `` strict limits on the daily dosage '' of ephedrine , the key ingredient in Metabolife , though he concedes ( as Ellis prodded him to do in the unedited interview transcript ) that `` another government agency '' ( he means the Government Accounting Office ) has criticized the FDA 's scientific findings .
diaz then says that the food and drug [people in charge] wants to impose `` strict limits on the daily dosage '' of ephedrine , the key ingredient in metabolife , though he concedes ( as ellis prodded him to do in the unedited interview transcript ) that `` another government agency '' ( he means the government accounting office ) has criticized the fda 's scientific findings .

Diaz says that Ellis was arrested in 1988 in what the Drug Enforcement Administration called `` the largest methamphetamine bust in history '' ( an interesting statistic that Diaz failed to drop in his interview with Ellis ) , and that Ellis `` pleaded guilty to a reduced charge , using a telephone 'to facilitate a drug trafficking offense . '
diaz says that ellis was arrested in 1988 in what the drug enforcement [people in charge] called `` the largest methamphetamine bust in history '' ( an interesting statistic that diaz failed to drop in his interview with ellis ) , and that ellis `` pleaded guilty to a reduced charge , using a telephone 'to facilitate a drug trafficking offense . '

This comes at a time , the paper notes , when the Clinton administration has been outspoken about the need to bolster cultural ties between the two countries .
this comes at a time , the paper notes , when the clinton [people in charge] has been outspoken about the need to bolster cultural ties between the two countries .

The lead at the New York Times is the Clinton administration 's legislative proposal , sent to Congress yesterday , which would steer Medicare beneficiaries towards preferred doctors and hospitals that have agreed to offer discounted charge rates to the government and to reduce patient fees correspondingly .
the lead at the new york times is the clinton [people in charge] 's legislative proposal , sent to congress yesterday , which would steer medicare beneficiaries towards preferred doctors and hospitals that have agreed to offer discounted charge rates to the government and to reduce patient fees correspondingly .

We get a new top person with each administration , and then it 's a whole new ballgame -- again and again .
we get a new top person with each [people in charge] , and then it 's a whole new ballgame -- again and again .

I 'm surprised that any time defenders of supply-side economics refer to the Reagan administration for support , commentators do n't mention the exponential growth of the budget deficit during those years ( `` The Supply-Side Virus Strikes Again , '' by Paul Krugman ) .
i 'm surprised that any time defenders of supply-side economics refer to the reagan [people in charge] for support , commentators do n't mention the exponential growth of the budget deficit during those years ( `` the supply-side virus strikes again , '' by paul krugman ) .

The Food and Drug Administration is skeptical of magnets ' ability to relieve pain , but last December the New York Times published a story about a researcher at Baylor 's Institute for Rehabilitation Research who found that magnets significantly reduced pain from post-polio syndrome .
the food and drug [people in charge] is skeptical of magnets ' ability to relieve pain , but last december the new york times published a story about a researcher at baylor 's institute for rehabilitation research who found that magnets significantly reduced pain from post-polio syndrome .

Uhm , was n't it none other than Michael Kinsley , in his years at the New Republic , who originated this line of reasoning when castigating the top Reagan ( and later Bush ) administration officials who had a nasty tendency to do sleazy things but avoid technical illegality -- and thus proclaim themselves `` innocent '' ?
uhm , was n't it none other than michael kinsley , in his years at the new republic , who originated this line of reasoning when castigating the top reagan ( and later bush ) [people in charge] officials who had a nasty tendency to do sleazy things but avoid technical illegality -- and thus proclaim themselves `` innocent '' ?

No proposal has ever identified clear savings for taxpayers from eliminating the DOE -- at least , none that rivals the billions the department saved under the Clinton administration ( by undertaking contract reform , cutting waste , privatizing , and streamlining operations ) .
no proposal has ever identified clear savings for taxpayers from eliminating the doe -- at least , none that rivals the billions the department saved under the clinton [people in charge] ( by undertaking contract reform , cutting waste , privatizing , and streamlining operations ) .

Energy Daily reported the Bush administration 's energy secretary , Adm. James Watkins , as saying , `` I think it would be a mistake to give [ weapons functions to the ] DOD , '' and that Defense Department officials may not understand the importance of rigorous -- and expensive -- nuclear-safety practices .
energy daily reported the bush [people in charge] 's energy secretary , adm. james watkins , as saying , `` i think it would be a mistake to give [ weapons functions to the ] dod , '' and that defense department officials may not understand the importance of rigorous -- and expensive -- nuclear-safety practices .

Chapman 's ultimate goal is actually one we share : ensuring that the American people fully understand the Clinton administration 's success in reducing the size of government while increasing its effect .
chapman 's ultimate goal is actually one we share : ensuring that the american people fully understand the clinton [people in charge] 's success in reducing the size of government while increasing its effect .

The current shock and horror over alleged large soft-money donations to the Democratic National Committee by foreign nationals ( Koreans , Taiwanese , and Indonesians ) in return for economic- and military-policy considerations by the Clinton administration is amusing -- as if soft-money contributions made by domestic corporations and executives are somehow better , less sullied , more ethical .
the current shock and horror over alleged large soft-money donations to the democratic national committee by foreign nationals ( koreans , taiwanese , and indonesians ) in return for economic- and military-policy considerations by the clinton [people in charge] is amusing -- as if soft-money contributions made by domestic corporations and executives are somehow better , less sullied , more ethical .

I do believe that the administration has used the National Incidence Study of Child Abuse and Neglect ( NIS-3 ) for purely political purposes -- to demonize welfare reform and draw attention away from the fact that it ( the administration ) has no plan to rectify the crisis that afflicts the child-welfare system .
i do believe that the [people in charge] has used the national incidence study of child abuse and neglect ( nis-3 ) for purely political purposes -- to demonize welfare reform and draw attention away from the fact that it ( the [people in charge] ) has no plan to rectify the crisis that afflicts the child-welfare system .

On balance , though , I think that as the administration is going to fall back on NIS-3 to support anything they plan to do -- and to block programs they do n't want -- it is wise to push for a more honest accounting of the study .
on balance , though , i think that as the [people in charge] is going to fall back on nis-3 to support anything they plan to do -- and to block programs they do n't want -- it is wise to push for a more honest accounting of the study .

The parents desperately lobby the cautious and slow-moving Federal Drug Administration and National Institutes of Health to approve experimental gene therapy , but when the treatment comes it does little .
the parents desperately lobby the cautious and slow-moving federal drug [people in charge] and national institutes of health to approve experimental gene therapy , but when the treatment comes it does little .

Although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on alleged job losses or gains ( Ross Perot 's `` great sucking sound '' vs. the administration 's claim that NAFTA would create hundreds of thousands of jobs ) , believed that the net effect on employment would be zero .
although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on alleged job losses or gains ( ross perot 's `` great sucking sound '' vs. the [people in charge] 's claim that nafta would create hundreds of thousands of jobs ) , believed that the net effect on employment would be zero .

If our opinion were valued throughout this process , I think the media would have noticed a marked difference in how we feel about this president , this administration , and the process he has gone through in order to reach this phase in the impeachment inquiry .
if our opinion were valued throughout this process , i think the media would have noticed a marked difference in how we feel about this president , this [people in charge] , and the process he has gone through in order to reach this phase in the impeachment inquiry .

It said that the Blair administration behaved with `` scrupulous correctness '' when it refused to interfere in the judicial process .
it said that the blair [people in charge] behaved with `` scrupulous correctness '' when it refused to interfere in the judicial process .

During many years in Washington , before I entered the Nixon administration , I had had friendly relations with many reporters .
during many years in washington , before i entered the nixon [people in charge] , i had had friendly relations with many reporters .

The Health Care Financing Administration has refused to renegotiate rates or to allow the HMOs to drop benefits on established contracts .
the health care financing [people in charge] has refused to renegotiate rates or to allow the hmos to drop benefits on established contracts .

It was Bush administration policy that democracy was spreading in Latin America and that the election was going to be fair .
it was bush [people in charge] policy that democracy was spreading in latin america and that the election was going to be fair .

This quatrain distills brilliantly both the vapidity and ruthless single-mindedness of the Clinton administration .
this quatrain distills brilliantly both the vapidity and ruthless single-mindedness of the clinton [people in charge] .

Sawyer 's assistant then called New York 's Administration for Children 's Services to report the situation .
sawyer 's assistant then called new york 's [people in charge] for children 's services to report the situation .

All along , the Globe , usually the most prurient of the tabloids , has taken it upon itself to be the voice of the Clinton administration .
all along , the globe , usually the most prurient of the tabloids , has taken it upon itself to be the voice of the clinton [people in charge] .

Update from Zaire : 1 ) The Clinton administration is pressing President Mobutu Sese Seko to end the war by resigning and leaving the country .
update from zaire : 1 ) the clinton [people in charge] is pressing president mobutu sese seko to end the war by resigning and leaving the country .

The Social Security Administration hastily abandoned a Web site it had created that allowed workers to check their earnings records and benefit entitlements .
the social security [people in charge] hastily abandoned a web site it had created that allowed workers to check their earnings records and benefit entitlements .

Two interesting notes : 1 ) Gore was asked to solicit money from FedEx Chairman Frederick Smith , and was briefed with a memo noting that the administration `` has been very responsive to his company . ''
two interesting notes : 1 ) gore was asked to solicit money from fedex chairman frederick smith , and was briefed with a memo noting that the [people in charge] `` has been very responsive to his company . ''

Pundits are bewailing the shattering of their faith that Gore was the One Honest Man in the administration .
pundits are bewailing the shattering of their faith that gore was the one honest man in the [people in charge] .

New disclosures in the scandal : 1 ) The New York Times reported that Webster Hubbell was paid far more money in the months after his resignation than had been previously thought , much of it from Clinton 's friends and donors , and that the administration endorsed a project in China that was financially important to the Riady family just after a Riady-controlled company put Hubbell on its payroll .
new disclosures in the scandal : 1 ) the new york times reported that webster hubbell was paid far more money in the months after his resignation than had been previously thought , much of it from clinton 's friends and donors , and that the [people in charge] endorsed a project in china that was financially important to the riady family just after a riady-controlled company put hubbell on its payroll .

Administration officials confirmed that Clinton was deliberately 1 ) `` rolling out the carpet '' to enhance Arafat 's prestige and 2 ) sending Israel a warning not to screw up the peace process by provoking further conflict .
[people in charge] officials confirmed that clinton was deliberately 1 ) `` rolling out the carpet '' to enhance arafat 's prestige and 2 ) sending israel a warning not to screw up the peace process by provoking further conflict .

Clinton also rejected a clause in the big tobacco settlement that would restrict the Food and Drug Administration 's authority to regulate cigarettes .
clinton also rejected a clause in the big tobacco settlement that would restrict the food and drug [people in charge] 's authority to regulate cigarettes .

The Food and Drug Administration is sending warnings to thousands of doctors .
the food and drug [people in charge] is sending warnings to thousands of doctors .

The Food and Drug Administration is sending warnings to thousands of doctors .
the food and drug [people in charge] is sending warnings to thousands of doctors .

Skeptics doubt that one man could reform the country , recalling the Reagan administration 's arms-for-hostages deal with `` Iranian moderates . ''
skeptics doubt that one man could reform the country , recalling the reagan [people in charge] 's arms-for-hostages deal with `` iranian moderates . ''

Chatterbox wonders what this `` don't-worry-about-perjury '' principle would do for the `` administration of justice . ''
chatterbox wonders what this `` don't-worry-about-perjury '' principle would do for the `` [people in charge] of justice . ''

You even sacked your magazine 's editor , Michael Kelly , at least in part because , in his `` obsessive '' ( your term ) attacks on the character of the Clinton administration , Kelly ... how to put it ... failed to completely appreciate Gore 's virtues .
you even sacked your magazine 's editor , michael kelly , at least in part because , in his `` obsessive '' ( your term ) attacks on the character of the clinton [people in charge] , kelly ... how to put it ... failed to completely appreciate gore 's virtues .

Historical , yes , but have n't all of the subjects crawled under consulting/public-speaking/book-promoting rocks since the end of the Bush administration ?
historical , yes , but have n't all of the subjects crawled under consulting/public-speaking/book-promoting rocks since the end of the bush [people in charge] ?

Nobody from inside the administration has yet broken ranks ( though there have been rumblings from cabinet secretaries Rubin and Riley ) .
nobody from inside the [people in charge] has yet broken ranks ( though there have been rumblings from cabinet secretaries rubin and riley ) .

Would we have been better served in Vietnam if fewer officials had quit the Johnson administration to protest the war -- or if more had quit , earlier , and more loudly ?
would we have been better served in vietnam if fewer officials had quit the johnson [people in charge] to protest the war -- or if more had quit , earlier , and more loudly ?

The WP reports that the Federal Aviation Administration has weighed in on Fox 's proposal to devise a television special of an airplane purposely crashed into the desert with a resounding , `` NO WAY ! ''
the wp reports that the federal aviation [people in charge] has weighed in on fox 's proposal to devise a television special of an airplane purposely crashed into the desert with a resounding , `` no way ! ''

The Delta Force is a counterterrorism group established in 1977 by the Carter administration following some particularly bloody attacks on Americans abroad .
the delta force is a counterterrorism group established in 1977 by the carter [people in charge] following some particularly bloody attacks on americans abroad .

Second , she will disagree with the administration now and then to show that she is independent of Bill and nobody 's person but her own .
second , she will disagree with the [people in charge] now and then to show that she is independent of bill and nobody 's person but her own .

In the absence of the nitty gritty , however , I will take a flier and say that the administration did this for political gain-i.e. , to help Ms. Clinton in New York , home of a great many Latino voters .
in the absence of the nitty gritty , however , i will take a flier and say that the [people in charge] did this for political gain-i.e. , to help ms. clinton in new york , home of a great many latino voters .

Now it turns out she 's the one who 's been arguing all along that the administration should trim and hedge and give voters whatever it is they seem to want .
now it turns out she 's the one who 's been arguing all along that the [people in charge] should trim and hedge and give voters whatever it is they seem to want .

There have been further suggestions that the Lee case exposes the Clinton administration as cavalier about national security -- or , worse , that it traded national security for Chinese campaign contributions .
there have been further suggestions that the lee case exposes the clinton [people in charge] as cavalier about national security -- or , worse , that it traded national security for chinese campaign contributions .

The Clinton administration is accused of compromising national security by mishandling the investigation of Lee .
the clinton [people in charge] is accused of compromising national security by mishandling the investigation of lee .

He 's forced to answer allegations that he and the Clinton administration were too lenient with Russia despite evidence of rampant , ongoing corruption .
he 's forced to answer allegations that he and the clinton [people in charge] were too lenient with russia despite evidence of rampant , ongoing corruption .

The NYT says the Clinton administration is willing to support the multinational peacekeeping force that Australia has volunteered to lead but only if it is invited in by Indonesia .
the nyt says the clinton [people in charge] is willing to support the multinational peacekeeping force that australia has volunteered to lead but only if it is invited in by indonesia .

Its very first sentence throws down the moral gauntlet : `` Six months after leading NATO into a 78-day air war campaign to stop 'ethnic cleansing ' in Kosovo and serving notice that it would not let such human-rights atrocities go unchallenged again , the Clinton administration has decided to limit its military role . ''
its very first sentence throws down the moral gauntlet : `` six months after leading nato into a 78-day air war campaign to stop 'ethnic cleansing ' in kosovo and serving notice that it would not let such human-rights atrocities go unchallenged again , the clinton [people in charge] has decided to limit its military role . ''

An unnamed senior administration official ( =Berger ? )
an unnamed senior [people in charge] official ( =berger ? )

The groundwork for the youth culture that supported rock ' n ' roll 's growth was laid two decades earlier by the Roosevelt administration .
the groundwork for the youth culture that supported rock ' n ' roll 's growth was laid two decades earlier by the roosevelt [people in charge] .

For the first two years of the Depression , the Roosevelt administration essentially ignored the needs of the youths it had turned out of work , except in the effort of the Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) , which was aimed at men in their late teens and early twenties .
for the first two years of the depression , the roosevelt [people in charge] essentially ignored the needs of the youths it had turned out of work , except in the effort of the civilian conservation corps ( ccc ) , which was aimed at men in their late teens and early twenties .

The story notes that the policy was a major headache for the Clinton administration in its earliest days .
the story notes that the policy was a major headache for the clinton [people in charge] in its earliest days .

Consequently , the administration gave the prisoners until 5 p.m. Friday to accept the president 's gesture , which includes restrictions on their travel and political activity .
consequently , the [people in charge] gave the prisoners until 5 p.m. friday to accept the president 's gesture , which includes restrictions on their travel and political activity .

Once , they were revered public intellectuals ; now , they spend more than half their time fund raising and most of the rest on administration .
once , they were revered public intellectuals ; now , they spend more than half their time fund raising and most of the rest on [people in charge] .

Once a journalist with incestuously tight ties to the Clinton administration , Blumenthal is now in the administration and stoking Hillary 's claims of a `` right-wing conspiracy . ''
once a journalist with incestuously tight ties to the clinton [people in charge] , blumenthal is now in the [people in charge] and stoking hillary 's claims of a `` right-wing conspiracy . ''

The cover package condemns the Clinton administration 's China policy and labels Clinton 's upcoming China trip the `` Tiananmen Square Summit . ''
the cover package condemns the clinton [people in charge] 's china policy and labels clinton 's upcoming china trip the `` tiananmen square summit . ''

A piece acknowledges that the Bush administration also allowed technology transfers to Beijing but says that the Republicans monitored such transfers much better than the Democrats have .
a piece acknowledges that the bush [people in charge] also allowed technology transfers to beijing but says that the republicans monitored such transfers much better than the democrats have .

The ex-Reagan administration official 's tract against Jewish assimilation stokes an old debate most recently fueled by Alan Dershowitz 's The Vanishing American Jew .
the ex-reagan [people in charge] official 's tract against jewish assimilation stokes an old debate most recently fueled by alan dershowitz 's the vanishing american jew .

Only The Nation 's Doug Ireland finds merit in Walsh 's brief against the Reagan administration , calling the attorney `` a genuine American hero . ''
only the nation 's doug ireland finds merit in walsh 's brief against the reagan [people in charge] , calling the attorney `` a genuine american hero . ''

Graham has been a presidential suck-up since the Eisenhower administration and still makes excuses for Bill Clinton 's alleged philandering .
graham has been a presidential suck-up since the eisenhower [people in charge] and still makes excuses for bill clinton 's alleged philandering .

Americans had been bored by this season of the Clinton administration : Thanks to Clinterngate , they 're watching it again .
americans had been bored by this season of the clinton [people in charge] : thanks to clinterngate , they 're watching it again .

The administration 's support of Lee could win Asian-American votes for Democrats .
the [people in charge] 's support of lee could win asian-american votes for democrats .

A related piece says the scandal has paralyzed daily life in the administration : Nothing gets done in the `` Potemkin White House . ''
a related piece says the scandal has paralyzed daily life in the [people in charge] : nothing gets done in the `` potemkin white house . ''

The administration 's recent daily initiatives are merely cosmetic .
the [people in charge] 's recent daily initiatives are merely cosmetic .

The cover story claims that `` Hollywood Beats Harvard '' in the Clinton administration .
the cover story claims that `` hollywood beats harvard '' in the clinton [people in charge] .

The Food and Drug Administration has not yet approved its use for women .
the food and drug [people in charge] has not yet approved its use for women .

He 'd have to find a place at one of the 41 teaching hospitals that have volunteered to participate in the Medicare Graduate Medical Education Demonstration Project approved this week by the federal Health Care Financing Administration .
he 'd have to find a place at one of the 41 teaching hospitals that have volunteered to participate in the medicare graduate medical education demonstration project approved this week by the federal health care financing [people in charge] .

When the Clinton administration releases its analysis of the impact of the North American Free Trade Agreement this month , NAFTA critics will seize on the data .
when the clinton [people in charge] releases its analysis of the impact of the north american free trade agreement this month , nafta critics will seize on the data .

His persistent , polite diplomacy revived weapons inspections ( which have eliminated far more Iraqi weapons than the war did ) ; calmed nerves throughout the Arab world ; and saved the Clinton administration from an ill-conceived , unpopular bombing plan -- all without an apparently meaningful concession to Iraq .
his persistent , polite diplomacy revived weapons inspections ( which have eliminated far more iraqi weapons than the war did ) ; calmed nerves throughout the arab world ; and saved the clinton [people in charge] from an ill-conceived , unpopular bombing plan -- all without an apparently meaningful concession to iraq .

Aware that consumers did n't like the automated seat belts that were the only alternative for meeting the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's `` passive restraint '' standards , the companies finally jumped on the air-bag bandwagon .
aware that consumers did n't like the automated seat belts that were the only alternative for meeting the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] 's `` passive restraint '' standards , the companies finally jumped on the air-bag bandwagon .

Weld certainly did not advertise himself as a libertarian when he worked for the Reagan administration , running the Criminal Division of the Justice Department .
weld certainly did not advertise himself as a libertarian when he worked for the reagan [people in charge] , running the criminal division of the justice department .

He is even willing to accept a job in a Democratic administration .
he is even willing to accept a job in a democratic [people in charge] .

Despite twice campaigning actively against Bill Clinton , he has begged for a post in his administration .
despite twice campaigning actively against bill clinton , he has begged for a post in his [people in charge] .

Billions more were spent collectively by some 28 other federal agencies such as the Small Business Administration and the departments of Health and Human Services , Housing and Urban Development , Agriculture , and the Interior .
billions more were spent collectively by some 28 other federal agencies such as the small business [people in charge] and the departments of health and human services , housing and urban development , agriculture , and the interior .

He recruited Sen. Al D'Amato to hold hearings on Swiss misdeeds , persuaded the Clinton administration to investigate , and eventually forced the Swiss to pony up $ 7 billion to compensate Jewish victims .
he recruited sen. al d'amato to hold hearings on swiss misdeeds , persuaded the clinton [people in charge] to investigate , and eventually forced the swiss to pony up $ 7 billion to compensate jewish victims .

Abe Lincoln 's room has , of course , become Washington 's most infamous place to sleep in under the Clinton administration , surpassing in moral infamy even Dick Morris ' room at the nearby Jefferson Hotel .
abe lincoln 's room has , of course , become washington 's most infamous place to sleep in under the clinton [people in charge] , surpassing in moral infamy even dick morris ' room at the nearby jefferson hotel .

Last year , for example , he held up 30 ambassadorial nominations to force the administration to consider his State Department reform package .
last year , for example , he held up 30 ambassadorial nominations to force the [people in charge] to consider his state department reform package .

They attribute all Microsoft 's missteps to Gates-bad PR , bad legal strategy , underestimation of the Internet-and infer that Gates must have been bad at everything Ballmer is good at : administration , finding new revenue sources , and avoiding bad investments .
they attribute all microsoft 's missteps to gates-bad pr , bad legal strategy , underestimation of the internet-and infer that gates must have been bad at everything ballmer is good at : [people in charge] , finding new revenue sources , and avoiding bad investments .

Colorado , supported by 18 other states and the Clinton administration , says that at 8 feet one can speak in a normal tone of voice and be clearly heard , and thus the law does nothing to curb `` uninhibited debate on all topics . ''
colorado , supported by 18 other states and the clinton [people in charge] , says that at 8 feet one can speak in a normal tone of voice and be clearly heard , and thus the law does nothing to curb `` uninhibited debate on all topics . ''

Most of the papers mention and dismiss a threat to bomb a New York- or Los Angeles-based flight made to the Federal Aviation Administration in September .
most of the papers mention and dismiss a threat to bomb a new york- or los angeles-based flight made to the federal aviation [people in charge] in september .

The Post 's non-local lead is a report on the Colombian civil war : The Marxist rebels have become so well-stocked with Eastern European weapons that the Clinton administration is requesting an additional $ 2 billion in aid to the Colombian government over the next three years ( compared to $ 289 million in FY '99 ) .
the post 's non-local lead is a report on the colombian civil war : the marxist rebels have become so well-stocked with eastern european weapons that the clinton [people in charge] is requesting an additional $ 2 billion in aid to the colombian government over the next three years ( compared to $ 289 million in fy '99 ) .

On the Journal 's opinion page , former Reagan administration official Ken Adelman writes a conventional remembrance of the hostage crisis : President Carter was weak and Reagan won the day .
on the journal 's opinion page , former reagan [people in charge] official ken adelman writes a conventional remembrance of the hostage crisis : president carter was weak and reagan won the day .

The Clinton administration and congressional Democrats , less gung-ho about the program than the Republicans , have reluctantly acknowledged that a `` limited system '' might be necessary sooner rather than later to protect the United States from such `` rogue nations '' as North Korea and Iran .
the clinton [people in charge] and congressional democrats , less gung-ho about the program than the republicans , have reluctantly acknowledged that a `` limited system '' might be necessary sooner rather than later to protect the united states from such `` rogue nations '' as north korea and iran .

Many skeptics think the estimates are little more than `` guesswork '' used by the administration to get more money out of Congress .
many skeptics think the estimates are little more than `` guesswork '' used by the [people in charge] to get more money out of congress .

From late 1963 to early 1965 , Logevall claims , the Johnson administration faced a deliberate choice about whether it should raise or lower the stakes in Vietnam : Make it an all-out test of will , which it became , or look for an excuse to leave -- perhaps with the claim that the regime in the South had become too ill-behaved to be worth further U.S. support or lives .
from late 1963 to early 1965 , logevall claims , the johnson [people in charge] faced a deliberate choice about whether it should raise or lower the stakes in vietnam : make it an all-out test of will , which it became , or look for an excuse to leave -- perhaps with the claim that the regime in the south had become too ill-behaved to be worth further u.s. support or lives .

The NYT off-leads the behind-the-scenes maneuvering by the Clinton administration to admit China into the World Trade Organization by Nov. 30 , when President Clinton hosts a world trade meeting in Seattle .
the nyt off-leads the behind-the-scenes maneuvering by the clinton [people in charge] to admit china into the world trade organization by nov. 30 , when president clinton hosts a world trade meeting in seattle .

As bad as the eruption was , the Nixon administration weathered it .
as bad as the eruption was , the nixon [people in charge] weathered it .

Politically sensitive officials , including those in the Clinton administration , may not want to publicize these encouraging statistics , because they also show that the black dependency rate , even at 7 percent , remains far higher than the white rate ( which is 1.1 percent ) .
politically sensitive officials , including those in the clinton [people in charge] , may not want to publicize these encouraging statistics , because they also show that the black dependency rate , even at 7 percent , remains far higher than the white rate ( which is 1.1 percent ) .

The Wall Street Journal says that , in its final report on a 1997 Korean Airlines crash in Guam ( released yesterday ) , the NTSB lambasted the Federal Aviation Administration for not regulating foreign airlines enough .
the wall street journal says that , in its final report on a 1997 korean airlines crash in guam ( released yesterday ) , the ntsb lambasted the federal aviation [people in charge] for not regulating foreign airlines enough .

With current peace negotiations requiring an American economic commitment as early as February , the Clinton administration needs to begin building support at home by redefining our participation in the process as something more than charity .
with current peace negotiations requiring an american economic commitment as early as february , the clinton [people in charge] needs to begin building support at home by redefining our participation in the process as something more than charity .

On the NYT op-ed page , former Reagan administration diplomat Paul H. Nitze argues that America should unilaterally destroy its nuclear weapons .
on the nyt op-ed page , former reagan [people in charge] diplomat paul h. nitze argues that america should unilaterally destroy its nuclear weapons .

The NYT leads with the Clinton administration 's private concern over Israeli arms sales to China .
the nyt leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's private concern over israeli arms sales to china .

A Clinton administration policy , still in development , would allow new parents on family leave to receive unemployment money , the NYT reports .
a clinton [people in charge] policy , still in development , would allow new parents on family leave to receive unemployment money , the nyt reports .

The Federal Aviation Administration revealed Wednesday ( July 3 ) that ValuJet has applied to resume flying .
the federal aviation [people in charge] revealed wednesday ( july 3 ) that valujet has applied to resume flying .

Why is the Clinton administration spending $ 28 million to remedy an alleged shortage of `` information technology '' workers ?
why is the clinton [people in charge] spending $ 28 million to remedy an alleged shortage of `` information technology '' workers ?

Assuming that there is a shortage of info-tech workers , the administration 's $ 28 million remedy , announced in January , wo n't fix it .
assuming that there is a shortage of info-tech workers , the [people in charge] 's $ 28 million remedy , announced in january , wo n't fix it .

Much of the administration 's program is mere packaging -- the rest is well-meaning chatter , notably a plan to launch an advertising campaign to convince kids that computer jobs are not just for geeks anymore .
much of the [people in charge] 's program is mere packaging -- the rest is well-meaning chatter , notably a plan to launch an advertising campaign to convince kids that computer jobs are not just for geeks anymore .

Checks under the Bush ( Sr. ) administration reached back 15 years , and that was ten years ago at the earliest .
checks under the bush ( sr. ) [people in charge] reached back 15 years , and that was ten years ago at the earliest .

The comments came after a journalist 's inquiry into whether or not Bush could pass a background check that might be given to members of his administration .
the comments came after a journalist 's inquiry into whether or not bush could pass a background check that might be given to members of his [people in charge] .

Both stories , sourced to `` experts '' and `` Clinton administration officials , '' assert that the threat is unlikely but nonetheless real .
both stories , sourced to `` experts '' and `` clinton [people in charge] officials , '' assert that the threat is unlikely but nonetheless real .

An `` unnamed official '' tells the Post that the administration has since backtracked on its initial assertions that a toxic substance was manufactured at the plant and that its owner was a terrorist .
an `` unnamed official '' tells the post that the [people in charge] has since backtracked on its initial assertions that a toxic substance was manufactured at the plant and that its owner was a terrorist .

Instead of dealing with Bush , and getting a plum position in his administration , or running for senator from New Jersey , where he 'd stand a better chance than Christie Whitman , he 's enriching the television stations in various states to get out his message .
instead of dealing with bush , and getting a plum position in his [people in charge] , or running for senator from new jersey , where he 'd stand a better chance than christie whitman , he 's enriching the television stations in various states to get out his message .

The Carter administration : What a time to first hear `` All Tomorrow 's Parties '' !
the carter [people in charge] : what a time to first hear `` all tomorrow 's parties '' !

Bush 's top foreign-policy specialist faults the Clinton-Gore administration with clinging to Russian reformers ' empty rhetoric .
bush 's top foreign-policy specialist faults the clinton-gore [people in charge] with clinging to russian reformers ' empty rhetoric .

Elsewhere in the same paper , however , writer Zvi Bar'el sounded a more negative note : `` In the absence of precise intelligence , the administration has ... adopted two general methods of operation : bombing targets of some kind ... and imposing sanctions .
elsewhere in the same paper , however , writer zvi bar'el sounded a more negative note : `` in the absence of precise intelligence , the [people in charge] has ... adopted two general methods of operation : bombing targets of some kind ... and imposing sanctions .

There is no sign yet that the administration is tempted by mea culpa/ Forgive and Forget .
there is no sign yet that the [people in charge] is tempted by mea culpa/ forgive and forget .

If the administration is n't buying , its allies are .
if the [people in charge] is n't buying , its allies are .

It said it was now `` the duty of the US administration ... to use all its political weight to persuade Sinn Fin/IRA to keep talking '' in the multiparty talks in Belfast .
it said it was now `` the duty of the us [people in charge] ... to use all its political weight to persuade sinn fin/ira to keep talking '' in the multiparty talks in belfast .

Urging `` all our people to take active and positive part in welcoming our august visitor , '' it boasted that the Clinton administration had acknowledged the country 's `` remarkable achievements '' in embracing democracy and free market economics .
urging `` all our people to take active and positive part in welcoming our august visitor , '' it boasted that the clinton [people in charge] had acknowledged the country 's `` remarkable achievements '' in embracing democracy and free market economics .

In an op-ed article in the Financial Times of London , Professor Robert Reich of Brandeis University , who was secretary of labor in the first Clinton administration , warned Thursday that the world could be facing a rerun of the 1930s .
in an op-ed article in the financial times of london , professor robert reich of brandeis university , who was secretary of labor in the first clinton [people in charge] , warned thursday that the world could be facing a rerun of the 1930s .

Having started out neutral , Ecevit had subsequently decided that Turkey 's best interests in dealing with the Kurdish threat from northern Iraq would be better served by closer collaboration with the administration in Baghdad .
having started out neutral , ecevit had subsequently decided that turkey 's best interests in dealing with the kurdish threat from northern iraq would be better served by closer collaboration with the [people in charge] in baghdad .

It will not inoculate him from the problems that await his return to Washington , but at a moment of peril in his administration Clinton is enjoying the radiance of the nation he represents . ''
it will not inoculate him from the problems that await his return to washington , but at a moment of peril in his [people in charge] clinton is enjoying the radiance of the nation he represents . ''

In the days of the Aquino administration , there was one official in fact who -- to justify his purchase of electric massage pillows -- had the temerity to say 'we are a rich country pretending to be poor . '
in the days of the aquino [people in charge] , there was one official in fact who -- to justify his purchase of electric massage pillows -- had the temerity to say 'we are a rich country pretending to be poor . '

The Financial Times reported that the European Union was about to challenge U.S. proposals on the administration of Internet addresses , because it feared they would `` consolidate permanent U.S. jurisdiction over the Internet . ''
the financial times reported that the european union was about to challenge u.s. proposals on the [people in charge] of internet addresses , because it feared they would `` consolidate permanent u.s. jurisdiction over the internet . ''

It quoted an official of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith as saying that the fact that the fate of the administration hung on the word of a 24-year-old Jewish woman had already produced accusations of a `` Jewish conspiracy '' against the American people on Internet sites operated by radical right-wing and white supremacist organizations .
it quoted an official of the anti-defamation league of b'nai b'rith as saying that the fact that the fate of the [people in charge] hung on the word of a 24-year-old jewish woman had already produced accusations of a `` jewish conspiracy '' against the american people on internet sites operated by radical right-wing and white supremacist organizations .

The Carter administration granted 17 exceptions in four years , the Reagan administration 53 exceptions in eight years , and the Bush administration 34 exceptions in four years .
the carter [people in charge] granted 17 exceptions in four years , the reagan [people in charge] 53 exceptions in eight years , and the bush [people in charge] 34 exceptions in four years .

Clinton 's four waivers : Justice Thurgood Marshall ; Elvera Burger , the widow of Chief Justice Warren Burger ; Army veteran and Drug Enforcement Administration agent J.W .
clinton 's four waivers : justice thurgood marshall ; elvera burger , the widow of chief justice warren burger ; army veteran and drug enforcement [people in charge] agent j.w .

The leading Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz , in an op-ed piece by Akiva Eldar , said the U.S. administration is debating only `` when to set zero hour '' for Netanyahu : after his address in Washington next Sunday to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee convention ; or earlier -- this week -- by summoning him to Birmingham , England , where Clinton is attending the G7 economic summit .
the leading israeli newspaper ha'aretz , in an op-ed piece by akiva eldar , said the u.s. [people in charge] is debating only `` when to set zero hour '' for netanyahu : after his address in washington next sunday to the american israel public affairs committee convention ; or earlier -- this week -- by summoning him to birmingham , england , where clinton is attending the g7 economic summit .

In another front page piece , titled `` Clinton the African , '' Le Monde put a positive spin on the president 's African tour , saying 1 ) the United States finally appreciates Africa 's potential economic importance and 2 ) `` what remains to be done by President Clinton 's administration is to persuade American investors , too , to dip their toes into Africa . ''
in another front page piece , titled `` clinton the african , '' le monde put a positive spin on the president 's african tour , saying 1 ) the united states finally appreciates africa 's potential economic importance and 2 ) `` what remains to be done by president clinton 's [people in charge] is to persuade american investors , too , to dip their toes into africa . ''

The big news at the fundraising hearings , says the NYT , is the admission by witness Donald Fowler , the Democratic Party chairman during the 1996 election , that on several occasions , he intervened with Clinton administration officials on behalf of large party donors .
the big news at the fundraising hearings , says the nyt , is the admission by witness donald fowler , the democratic party chairman during the 1996 election , that on several occasions , he intervened with clinton [people in charge] officials on behalf of large party donors .

Perhaps the most questionable piece of networking is one that Fowler testified he could n't recall , but which documents revealed for the first time yesterday strongly confirm : namely , contacting the CIA at the behest of Roger Tamraz , an international financier `` with a questionable reputation '' ( says the Times ) who was angling for Clinton administration support for a proposed Caspian region oil pipeline , and who had given the Democrats $ 300,000 .
perhaps the most questionable piece of networking is one that fowler testified he could n't recall , but which documents revealed for the first time yesterday strongly confirm : namely , contacting the cia at the behest of roger tamraz , an international financier `` with a questionable reputation '' ( says the times ) who was angling for clinton [people in charge] support for a proposed caspian region oil pipeline , and who had given the democrats $ 300,000 .

The NYT says such interventions are probably not illegal , but against DNC guidelines , which state : `` In no event should any DNC staff ever promise a meeting with or access to any government official or agency in connection with a donation , or ever imply that such contact or access can be arranged , or ever contact an administration official on behalf of a donor for any reason . ''
the nyt says such interventions are probably not illegal , but against dnc guidelines , which state : `` in no event should any dnc staff ever promise a meeting with or access to any government official or agency in connection with a donation , or ever imply that such contact or access can be arranged , or ever contact an [people in charge] official on behalf of a donor for any reason . ''

Clinton stated that the military mission had enforced a fragile peace but that it was still fragile and so , in the administration 's exit thinking , deadlines are out and `` benchmarks '' gauging Bosnia 's progress are in .
clinton stated that the military mission had enforced a fragile peace but that it was still fragile and so , in the [people in charge] 's exit thinking , deadlines are out and `` benchmarks '' gauging bosnia 's progress are in .

The paper points out that the new measure is part of the Clinton administration 's plan to avoid the perception that it is too protective of the agency .
the paper points out that the new measure is part of the clinton [people in charge] 's plan to avoid the perception that it is too protective of the agency .

Administration officials tell the paper they see the Republican comments mostly as a negotiating tactic for wringing more concessions out of Clinton on other issues in return for saving the legislation .
[people in charge] officials tell the paper they see the republican comments mostly as a negotiating tactic for wringing more concessions out of clinton on other issues in return for saving the legislation .

The move is being strongly opposed by the Clinton administration and many tax experts on the ground that adopting it would clog the system , risk a decrease in tax revenues , and force the IRS to become even more aggressive .
the move is being strongly opposed by the clinton [people in charge] and many tax experts on the ground that adopting it would clog the system , risk a decrease in tax revenues , and force the irs to become even more aggressive .

Although the line-item veto had been the darling of several Republican presidents , the Wall Street Journal , after surveying Clinton 's targeted cuts last week of federal subsidies to such corporations as Westinghouse and 3M , complains today that the administration 's line-item decision process `` can appear often arbitrary and highly vulnerable to politics . ''
although the line-item veto had been the darling of several republican presidents , the wall street journal , after surveying clinton 's targeted cuts last week of federal subsidies to such corporations as westinghouse and 3m , complains today that the [people in charge] 's line-item decision process `` can appear often arbitrary and highly vulnerable to politics . ''

The NYT reports that today , the Clinton administration will announce that it has persuaded handgun manufacturers to provide child-safety locks with all their products .
the nyt reports that today , the clinton [people in charge] will announce that it has persuaded handgun manufacturers to provide child-safety locks with all their products .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the news that senior Clinton administration types are turning up the pressure on Saddam Hussein and reluctant European allies for inspection access to about 80 Iraqi presidential `` palace '' sites .
the los angeles times leads with the news that senior clinton [people in charge] types are turning up the pressure on saddam hussein and reluctant european allies for inspection access to about 80 iraqi presidential `` palace '' sites .

These increases are significant because , observes the Times , Congress and the Clinton administration had been counting on managed care to help contain Medicare costs .
these increases are significant because , observes the times , congress and the clinton [people in charge] had been counting on managed care to help contain medicare costs .

Both the NYT and LAT run front-page pieces reporting that on Monday , the Clinton administration decided to allow Conoco to conduct oil drilling on a federal property in Utah where last year , during the election , Clinton established a national monument to protect the wilderness from development .
both the nyt and lat run front-page pieces reporting that on monday , the clinton [people in charge] decided to allow conoco to conduct oil drilling on a federal property in utah where last year , during the election , clinton established a national monument to protect the wilderness from development .

What 's new is his reason : to rail at many of his fellow conservatives for drifting away from discussing the realities of the Clinton administration in favor of indulging in wacky conspiracy theories about Bill and Hillary .
what 's new is his reason : to rail at many of his fellow conservatives for drifting away from discussing the realities of the clinton [people in charge] in favor of indulging in wacky conspiracy theories about bill and hillary .

The WP , LAT , NYT and USAT all have front-pagers on the Clinton administration 's decision to allow respondents to racial and ethnic category questions on federal forms to , for the first time ever , check more than one block ( the alternative of having a separate `` multiracial '' box was rejected ) .
the wp , lat , nyt and usat all have front-pagers on the clinton [people in charge] 's decision to allow respondents to racial and ethnic category questions on federal forms to , for the first time ever , check more than one block ( the alternative of having a separate `` multiracial '' box was rejected ) .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration `` advises its staff not to comment on inquiries about whether Princess Diana could have survived her car crash if she had worn a seat belt . ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] `` advises its staff not to comment on inquiries about whether princess diana could have survived her car crash if she had worn a seat belt . ''

The Journal notes that in 1994 , the Clinton administration set the goal of breaking this record by the year 2000 .
the journal notes that in 1994 , the clinton [people in charge] set the goal of breaking this record by the year 2000 .

The WP lead reports that the Clinton administration 's computer training effort will include millions of dollars in grants to fund educational programs , an Internet job bank and a campaign to glamorize computer-related professions .
the wp lead reports that the clinton [people in charge] 's computer training effort will include millions of dollars in grants to fund educational programs , an internet job bank and a campaign to glamorize computer-related professions .

The New York Times leads with the emerging Republican congressional campaign against Clinton administration small-scale health care reform -- and sticks the 209 victory deep inside , on p.13 of the national edition .
the new york times leads with the emerging republican congressional campaign against clinton [people in charge] small-scale health care reform -- and sticks the 209 victory deep inside , on p.13 of the national edition .

The NYT health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest , piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals -- like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans -- that the Clinton administration has subsequently endorsed .
the nyt health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest , piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals -- like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans -- that the clinton [people in charge] has subsequently endorsed .

USA Today leads with the Clinton administration 's stern words to Iraq .
usa today leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's stern words to iraq .

USAT reports that the administration warned Iraq on Thursday that it could face military action or economic sanctions if it continues to keep U.N. inspection teams out of its facilities .
usat reports that the [people in charge] warned iraq on thursday that it could face military action or economic sanctions if it continues to keep u.n. inspection teams out of its facilities .

According to the WP , the Clinton administration is also staring at defeat with the Lee nomination .
according to the wp , the clinton [people in charge] is also staring at defeat with the lee nomination .

True , Khatemi also said that the U.S. mistakenly believes it is the sole world power , trying to `` impose its will on the whole world at any cost , '' but the paper reports that a senior Clinton official responded by saying the administration is ready to sit down and talk to the Iranian government if Khatemi 's remarks are `` authoritative . ''
true , khatemi also said that the u.s. mistakenly believes it is the sole world power , trying to `` impose its will on the whole world at any cost , '' but the paper reports that a senior clinton official responded by saying the [people in charge] is ready to sit down and talk to the iranian government if khatemi 's remarks are `` authoritative . ''

The LAT says the global warming plan to be announced today by the Clinton administration `` falls short '' of more stringent European proposals , and USAT says it calls for only `` relatively small reductions '' in greenhouse gasses .
the lat says the global warming plan to be announced today by the clinton [people in charge] `` falls short '' of more stringent european proposals , and usat says it calls for only `` relatively small reductions '' in greenhouse gasses .

The administration claims the expansion will pay for itself through increased user fees .
the [people in charge] claims the expansion will pay for itself through increased user fees .

Today 's Wall Street Journal says that `` Merck 's Propecia is effective in restoring hair in some people , a U.S. Food and Drug Administration panel found ... . ''
today 's wall street journal says that `` merck 's propecia is effective in restoring hair in some people , a u.s. food and drug [people in charge] panel found ... . ''

Many of the same diplomatic details are mentioned in the WP story , but it instead emphasizes the Clinton administration 's making the case for military action by graphically depicting the Iraqi threat , quoting senior officials talking about the amount of anthrax and nerve gas Hussein has .
many of the same diplomatic details are mentioned in the wp story , but it instead emphasizes the clinton [people in charge] 's making the case for military action by graphically depicting the iraqi threat , quoting senior officials talking about the amount of anthrax and nerve gas hussein has .

As the Times observes , this is a pretty dramatic shift from just this past weekend when administration officials were discouraging talk of a near-term surplus .
as the times observes , this is a pretty dramatic shift from just this past weekend when [people in charge] officials were discouraging talk of a near-term surplus .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration 's decision to open the way to full-scale trade between the U.S. and Vietnam .
the los angeles times goes with the clinton [people in charge] 's decision to open the way to full-scale trade between the u.s. and vietnam .

The LAT lead states that economic normalization between the U.S. and Vietnam will result from the administration 's decision , based on its view that Vietnam 's emigration policies have improved considerably , to grant Vietnam a waiver from the Jackson-Vanik Amendment , which bars full economic relations with Communist countries that do n't permit free emigration .
the lat lead states that economic normalization between the u.s. and vietnam will result from the [people in charge] 's decision , based on its view that vietnam 's emigration policies have improved considerably , to grant vietnam a waiver from the jackson-vanik amendment , which bars full economic relations with communist countries that do n't permit free emigration .

The New York Times calls the Reno decision a `` potential turning point '' in that `` until now , the investigation buffeting the administration had swirled around the Oval Office but had not touched Clinton personally ... . ''
the new york times calls the reno decision a `` potential turning point '' in that `` until now , the investigation buffeting the [people in charge] had swirled around the oval office but had not touched clinton personally ... . ''

The paper reports that at the opening session , the U.S. delegate reiterated the Clinton administration 's position of getting back to 1990 greenhouse gas levels by 2010 and called the more stringent proposals favored by European countries unrealistic or ineffective .
the paper reports that at the opening session , the u.s. delegate reiterated the clinton [people in charge] 's position of getting back to 1990 greenhouse gas levels by 2010 and called the more stringent proposals favored by european countries unrealistic or ineffective .

The New York Times goes with the revelation of a major Clinton administration domestic goal for this year : sign up millions of children eligible for Medicaid health insurance but not currently enrolled .
the new york times goes with the revelation of a major clinton [people in charge] domestic goal for this year : sign up millions of children eligible for medicaid health insurance but not currently enrolled .

The piece is by the NYT 's long-time social policy reporter , Robert Pear , but it will be interesting to see how the Times handles any subsequent coverage of this by its other main poor people reporter , Jason DeParle , whose wife is the administration 's Medicaid expansion point person .
the piece is by the nyt 's long-time social policy reporter , robert pear , but it will be interesting to see how the times handles any subsequent coverage of this by its other main poor people reporter , jason deparle , whose wife is the [people in charge] 's medicaid expansion point person .

The WP reports that for now , the administration is , in the face of the latest Iraqi provocation -- the blocking of a U.N. weapons search led by an American , William Scott Ritter -- opting for a cautious diplomatic path aimed at orchestrating a condemnation from the U.N. Security Council .
the wp reports that for now , the [people in charge] is , in the face of the latest iraqi provocation -- the blocking of a u.n. weapons search led by an american , william scott ritter -- opting for a cautious diplomatic path aimed at orchestrating a condemnation from the u.n. security council .

The story has to do with M. Larry Lawrence , the late owner of San Diego 's Hotel Del Coronado and a major donor to President Clinton , and now a subject of a House panel 's investigation into whether the Clinton administration rewarded campaign contributors with burial plots in Arlington National Cemetery .
the story has to do with m. larry lawrence , the late owner of san diego 's hotel del coronado and a major donor to president clinton , and now a subject of a house panel 's investigation into whether the clinton [people in charge] rewarded campaign contributors with burial plots in arlington national cemetery .

It is revealed that the administration 's OK will probably be given at Clinton 's Cot .
it is revealed that the [people in charge] 's ok will probably be given at clinton 's cot .

At the New York Times , the lead story is the strongest indication yet from the Clinton administration that U.S. troops may remain in Bosnia past the originally stated pull-out date .
at the new york times , the lead story is the strongest indication yet from the clinton [people in charge] that u.s. troops may remain in bosnia past the originally stated pull-out date .

Within hours , Clinton administration officials rejected any early injection of U.S. funds .
within hours , clinton [people in charge] officials rejected any early injection of u.s. funds .

There 's politics on both sides of the matter , says the Times : Korean politicians want up-front money to soften what are widely viewed in their country as the bailout 's regulatory intrusions , while the Clinton administration has tried to make the U.S. contribution to the deal -- estimated to be potentially $ 5 billion -- more palatable by suggesting there 's a chance it would never actually be needed .
there 's politics on both sides of the matter , says the times : korean politicians want up-front money to soften what are widely viewed in their country as the bailout 's regulatory intrusions , while the clinton [people in charge] has tried to make the u.s. contribution to the deal -- estimated to be potentially $ 5 billion -- more palatable by suggesting there 's a chance it would never actually be needed .

The NYT land mine story reveals a major policy change : the Clinton administration told allies over the weekend that it could sign a land mine ban provided the U.S. was allowed nine more years before removing them from the Korean peninsula .
the nyt land mine story reveals a major policy change : the clinton [people in charge] told allies over the weekend that it could sign a land mine ban provided the u.s. was allowed nine more years before removing them from the korean peninsula .

Administration sources admitted that the death of Princess Diana , who had embraced the ban , raised the pressure on the U.S. to make a move .
[people in charge] sources admitted that the death of princess diana , who had embraced the ban , raised the pressure on the u.s. to make a move .

The WP , NYT , and LAT report that the Clinton administration is quietly trying to negotiate with Saddam Hussein by offering to loosen the current constraints on what he can buy with his oil proceeds if he will let the UN inspection team back in .
the wp , nyt , and lat report that the clinton [people in charge] is quietly trying to negotiate with saddam hussein by offering to loosen the current constraints on what he can buy with his oil proceeds if he will let the un inspection team back in .

With negotiations on an international global warming treaty coming up in Kyoto soon , the Clinton administration is , according to the WSJ , roiled in internal debate on the U.S. position for the talks .
with negotiations on an international global warming treaty coming up in kyoto soon , the clinton [people in charge] is , according to the wsj , roiled in internal debate on the u.s. position for the talks .

The NYT reports that , as part of the run-up to Kyoto , the Clinton administration yesterday invited more than 100 national and local television weather forecasters to the White House for briefings on climate change in hopes of rallying public support for new measures restricting greenhouse gases .
the nyt reports that , as part of the run-up to kyoto , the clinton [people in charge] yesterday invited more than 100 national and local television weather forecasters to the white house for briefings on climate change in hopes of rallying public support for new measures restricting greenhouse gases .

Votes are being promised to the administration in return for pledges of campaign funds , and for assurances about vintners ' and tobacco farmers ' and peanut and citrus growers ' rights , and those of cattle ranchers too .
votes are being promised to the [people in charge] in return for pledges of campaign funds , and for assurances about vintners ' and tobacco farmers ' and peanut and citrus growers ' rights , and those of cattle ranchers too .

Democratic presidential hopeful Bill Bradley attacks the administration 's Russia policy on the Journal 's editorial page .
democratic presidential hopeful bill bradley attacks the [people in charge] 's russia policy on the journal 's editorial page .

The WP and NYT write that two new reports commissioned by the Clinton administration reveal that even as the economy has strengthened , discrimination against blacks and Hispanics in the home-buying marketplace has gotten worse .
the wp and nyt write that two new reports commissioned by the clinton [people in charge] reveal that even as the economy has strengthened , discrimination against blacks and hispanics in the home-buying marketplace has gotten worse .

The Post lead is what it sees as a quiet but major shift in Clinton administration Yugoslavia policy : dropping opposition to Kosovo 's independence from Yugoslavia .
the post lead is what it sees as a quiet but major shift in clinton [people in charge] yugoslavia policy : dropping opposition to kosovo 's independence from yugoslavia .

The OHA administration is likewise exclusively populated by these `` native '' Hawaiians .
the oha [people in charge] is likewise exclusively populated by these `` native '' hawaiians .

Tell me how a George W. Bush administration would be dangerous .
tell me how a george w. bush [people in charge] would be dangerous .

The WP sets the clemency dustup inside a broader context , noting that while Congress is investigating the FALN clemency , it is also probing the Clinton administration 's role in Russian banking improprieties , as well as the possibility of a cover-up about its conduct in the Waco confrontation .
the wp sets the clemency dustup inside a broader context , noting that while congress is investigating the faln clemency , it is also probing the clinton [people in charge] 's role in russian banking improprieties , as well as the possibility of a cover-up about its conduct in the waco confrontation .

Whereas USAT says Clinton refused to hand over documents , and the Post says it 's saying no to witnesses too , the Times says the White House will release some clemency documents it feels are not covered by executive privilege and will allow three administration officials to appear at congressional hearings .
whereas usat says clinton refused to hand over documents , and the post says it 's saying no to witnesses too , the times says the white house will release some clemency documents it feels are not covered by executive privilege and will allow three [people in charge] officials to appear at congressional hearings .

Yesterday , the Clinton administration said exporting encryption is okay , while it also gave law enforcement increased power to combat criminal uses of computers , although not as much as had been contemplated in several working drafts of the decision .
yesterday , the clinton [people in charge] said exporting encryption is okay , while it also gave law enforcement increased power to combat criminal uses of computers , although not as much as had been contemplated in several working drafts of the decision .

In the Nixon administration , he wrote memos arguing against integration .
in the nixon [people in charge] , he wrote memos arguing against integration .

The other four `` Tennessee penumbra votes '' benefited the nuclear power industry and the Bonneville Power Administration -- two out-of-state constituencies whose influence no doubt could be felt in Tennessee , home of the Clinch River Breeder Reactor and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
the other four `` tennessee penumbra votes '' benefited the nuclear power industry and the bonneville power [people in charge] -- two out-of-state constituencies whose influence no doubt could be felt in tennessee , home of the clinch river breeder reactor and the tennessee valley authority .

He gets in trouble with this administration because he is honest and does n't play the [ political ] game . ''
he gets in trouble with this [people in charge] because he is honest and does n't play the [ political ] game . ''

During the Eisenhower administration , Castro had begun moving deeper into the Soviet orbit out of fear of a U.S. invasion ; Kennedy 's failed Bay of Pigs invasion in 1961 aggravated Castro 's anxieties and gave him a rallying cry for a pro-Soviet tilt .
during the eisenhower [people in charge] , castro had begun moving deeper into the soviet orbit out of fear of a u.s. invasion ; kennedy 's failed bay of pigs invasion in 1961 aggravated castro 's anxieties and gave him a rallying cry for a pro-soviet tilt .

The Food and Drug Administration 's David Kessler groused that the agreement would block the feds ' right to regulate nicotine levels in cigarettes for 12 years .
the food and drug [people in charge] 's david kessler groused that the agreement would block the feds ' right to regulate nicotine levels in cigarettes for 12 years .

Immediately the president and his Oval Office confidants began scheming to protect what they portentously referred to as `` the presidency '' ( meaning themselves ) from revelations that would surely issue from any serious investigation of their administration : where they got their milk money , how they used the IRS as their own Internal Retribution Service , why they put Ted Kennedy on 24-hour surveillance , how they forged diplomatic cables to frame Jack Kennedy in a political assassination .
immediately the president and his oval office confidants began scheming to protect what they portentously referred to as `` the presidency '' ( meaning themselves ) from revelations that would surely issue from any serious investigation of their [people in charge] : where they got their milk money , how they used the irs as their own internal retribution service , why they put ted kennedy on 24-hour surveillance , how they forged diplomatic cables to frame jack kennedy in a political assassination .

Bobby had been point man for the administration 's Cuban counterinsurgency program -- whose activities , Lyndon insisted privately , had certainly brought on the assassination as an act of revenge from Castro .
bobby had been point man for the [people in charge] 's cuban counterinsurgency program -- whose activities , lyndon insisted privately , had certainly brought on the assassination as an act of revenge from castro .

Military-industrial types , he reports , had been loitering in the vicinity of educational broadcasting years before the Johnson administration decided to fund a government-supported system : Officials from GE , IBM , and the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission sat on the board of National Education Television , the Ford Foundation-sponsored PBS precursor .
military-industrial types , he reports , had been loitering in the vicinity of educational broadcasting years before the johnson [people in charge] decided to fund a government-supported system : officials from ge , ibm , and the u.s. atomic energy commission sat on the board of national education television , the ford foundation-sponsored pbs precursor .

The Army Corps of Engineers , the Rural Electrification Administration , and Amtrak have lasted a lot longer with a lot less going for them .
the army corps of engineers , the rural electrification [people in charge] , and amtrak have lasted a lot longer with a lot less going for them .

The Federal Housing Administration and the GI bill of 1944 ensured long-term mortgages for home construction and sale , which made it cheaper for the white middle class to buy new homes in the suburbs than to rent ( or even modernize ) older homes .
the federal housing [people in charge] and the gi bill of 1944 ensured long-term mortgages for home construction and sale , which made it cheaper for the white middle class to buy new homes in the suburbs than to rent ( or even modernize ) older homes .

He declares on both PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer and Capital Gang that the Clinton administration got away with berating India because the nation -- unlike China , Greece , and Israel -- has no lobby in Washington .
he declares on both pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer and capital gang that the clinton [people in charge] got away with berating india because the nation -- unlike china , greece , and israel -- has no lobby in washington .

Snow Blind : On Fox News Sunday Tony Snow inserts his foot in his mouth while questioning Democratic Party loyalist Frank Mankiewicz about the Clinton administration 's scandals .
snow blind : on fox news sunday tony snow inserts his foot in his mouth while questioning democratic party loyalist frank mankiewicz about the clinton [people in charge] 's scandals .

His initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the Whitman administration undermine what the Pollution Prevention Act sought to achieve .
his initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the whitman [people in charge] undermine what the pollution prevention act sought to achieve .

The corollary : Protecting kids from `` tobacco marketing and sales '' ( by supporting the Food and Drug Administration rules the spot is promoting ) will protect them from the noxious weed itself .
the corollary : protecting kids from `` tobacco marketing and sales '' ( by supporting the food and drug [people in charge] rules the spot is promoting ) will protect them from the noxious weed itself .

Dan Quayle -- who confessed he had n't heard or read the Clinton speech -- said on Fox News Sunday that the administration was behind a `` left-wing agenda to change people 's attitudes '' about sexual orientation .
dan quayle -- who confessed he had n't heard or read the clinton speech -- said on fox news sunday that the [people in charge] was behind a `` left-wing agenda to change people 's attitudes '' about sexual orientation .

Gramm compared Medicare to a sinking Titanic that should n't accept any new people , to which Clinton loyalists George Stephanopoulos ( ABC 's This Week ) and Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala ( Face the Nation ) responded with the administration 's line .
gramm compared medicare to a sinking titanic that should n't accept any new people , to which clinton loyalists george stephanopoulos ( abc 's this week ) and secretary of health and human services donna shalala ( face the nation ) responded with the [people in charge] 's line .

Riffing off a recent New Yorker article , which reported that Clinton administration officials refer to her as the `` Martian , '' Shribman said now she 's the administration 's `` favorite Martian . ''
riffing off a recent new yorker article , which reported that clinton [people in charge] officials refer to her as the `` martian , '' shribman said now she 's the [people in charge] 's `` favorite martian . ''

In a rational world , the loopy charge that the Clinton administration had traded campaign donations for Arlington Cemetery burial plots ( Issue 4 ) would have damaged Insight ( the magazine owned by convicted felon the Rev .
in a rational world , the loopy charge that the clinton [people in charge] had traded campaign donations for arlington cemetery burial plots ( issue 4 ) would have damaged insight ( the magazine owned by convicted felon the rev .

If not for the return of Iraq to the news , the spacefaring John Glenn and newsmaking Fidel Castro would have given the weekend the feel of a Kennedy administration retrospective .
if not for the return of iraq to the news , the spacefaring john glenn and newsmaking fidel castro would have given the weekend the feel of a kennedy [people in charge] retrospective .

The Clinton administration 's embrace of the global-warming treaty was Issue 2 .
the clinton [people in charge] 's embrace of the global-warming treaty was issue 2 .

Several pundits ( Liasson ; Mark Shields , NewsHour ; Tony Blankley , CNN 's Late Edition ) compared the treaty 's political impact to that of the Clinton administration 's first-term health-care initiative : Voters endorse big-think issues like these in principle , but rebel after they get wind of the specifics .
several pundits ( liasson ; mark shields , newshour ; tony blankley , cnn 's late edition ) compared the treaty 's political impact to that of the clinton [people in charge] 's first-term health-care initiative : voters endorse big-think issues like these in principle , but rebel after they get wind of the specifics .

Even if both houses of Congress vote against MFN , the administration can veto the legislation .
even if both houses of congress vote against mfn , the [people in charge] can veto the legislation .

However , MFN renewal should not be interpreted as a sign that U.S.-China relations have resumed a more intimate path , or that opponents of the administration 's `` constructive engagement '' approach are in retreat .
however , mfn renewal should not be interpreted as a sign that u.s.-china relations have resumed a more intimate path , or that opponents of the [people in charge] 's `` constructive engagement '' approach are in retreat .

The administration is engaged now in a defensive strategy aimed at preserving what it can of the constructive-engagement ideal until congressional pressure eases .
the [people in charge] is engaged now in a defensive strategy aimed at preserving what it can of the constructive-engagement ideal until congressional pressure eases .

The most politically explosive accusation is that agents of the Chinese government attempted to influence the 1996 elections in favor of Clinton and the Democrats through covert campaign contributions , and that administration officials were warned about the practice but did not act .
the most politically explosive accusation is that agents of the chinese government attempted to influence the 1996 elections in favor of clinton and the democrats through covert campaign contributions , and that [people in charge] officials were warned about the practice but did not act .

The high profile and emotive power of the Hong Kong issue will make it very difficult for the administration to ride roughshod over such demands .
the high profile and emotive power of the hong kong issue will make it very difficult for the [people in charge] to ride roughshod over such demands .

Should he try and then fail , Beijing will conclude that it is dealing with a weak administration .
should he try and then fail , beijing will conclude that it is dealing with a weak [people in charge] .

After four students complained to the administration about her behavior in the classroom last spring , Sandra Flitterman-Lewis was asked to sign a release form requiring her to be medically examined before teaching again this fall .
after four students complained to the [people in charge] about her behavior in the classroom last spring , sandra flitterman-lewis was asked to sign a release form requiring her to be medically examined before teaching again this fall .

The ensuing images and words evoke two of her favorite themes : a wider investment in our children ( it takes a village , stupid ) and the importance of reading ( one of her -- and the administration 's -- major education initiatives ) .
the ensuing images and words evoke two of her favorite themes : a wider investment in our children ( it takes a village , stupid ) and the importance of reading ( one of her -- and the [people in charge] 's -- major education initiatives ) .

Refusing to dance to the administration 's music , Cokie Roberts ( ABC 's This Week With Sam and Cokie ) puts it all in perspective : `` Are the leaks the question , or are the facts the question ? ''
refusing to dance to the [people in charge] 's music , cokie roberts ( abc 's this week with sam and cokie ) puts it all in perspective : `` are the leaks the question , or are the facts the question ? ''

Many pundits caution the administration to look before a leap .
many pundits caution the [people in charge] to look before a leap .

Thompson graciously attributed the administration 's late delivery of subpoenaed documents to the president 's `` sophisticated litigators , '' who know how to slow the process down .
thompson graciously attributed the [people in charge] 's late delivery of subpoenaed documents to the president 's `` sophisticated litigators , '' who know how to slow the process down .

Paul Gigot ( PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) notes that congressional support waned after the president made his case , as Capitol Hill realized that the administration 's `` ends and means do n't coincide . ''
paul gigot ( pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer ) notes that congressional support waned after the president made his case , as capitol hill realized that the [people in charge] 's `` ends and means do n't coincide . ''

No wonder the Clinton administration has been debating whether it should even send Al Gore to the Kyoto conference .
no wonder the clinton [people in charge] has been debating whether it should even send al gore to the kyoto conference .

Part of the blame lies with French cultural politics -- particularly the cultural nationalism of the first Mitterrand administration .
part of the blame lies with french cultural politics -- particularly the cultural nationalism of the first mitterrand [people in charge] .

By the time Lewis is through attacking everyone who exemplies this Sixties-ish phrase ( Joyce Maynard , Paul Theroux , anyone who might have criticized JFK 's sexual escapades during his administration ) , you wonder whether any speech about the sexual behavior of public figures is worth protecting .
by the time lewis is through attacking everyone who exemplies this sixties-ish phrase ( joyce maynard , paul theroux , anyone who might have criticized jfk 's sexual escapades during his [people in charge] ) , you wonder whether any speech about the sexual behavior of public figures is worth protecting .

The Italian newspapers were particularly interested in the mystery of `` Luciano Porcari , '' which , according to the Federal Aviation Administration , is the signature on a letter it received in September , warning that a bomb might be placed aboard an airliner departing from either New York or Los Angeles .
the italian newspapers were particularly interested in the mystery of `` luciano porcari , '' which , according to the federal aviation [people in charge] , is the signature on a letter it received in september , warning that a bomb might be placed aboard an airliner departing from either new york or los angeles .

The Russian offensive is `` Milosevic-like , '' but the Clinton administration wo n't intervene because it `` does not defend human rights in big countries . ''
the russian offensive is `` milosevic-like , '' but the clinton [people in charge] wo n't intervene because it `` does not defend human rights in big countries . ''

Republicans said the findings proved that the Clinton administration underfunds and overextends American troops .
republicans said the findings proved that the clinton [people in charge] underfunds and overextends american troops .

TNR joins the chorus in favor of needle exchange , saying that the Clinton administration 's opposition to it has doomed thousands of drug addicts to HIV infection .
tnr joins the chorus in favor of needle exchange , saying that the clinton [people in charge] 's opposition to it has doomed thousands of drug addicts to hiv infection .

Free-speech attorney Floyd Abrams denounces the Clinton administration 's indifference to the Amendment .
free-speech attorney floyd abrams denounces the clinton [people in charge] 's indifference to the amendment .

An immensely long article condemns the Drug Enforcement Administration 's war on poppy growers .
an immensely long article condemns the drug enforcement [people in charge] 's war on poppy growers .

The cover story condemns the Clinton administration 's commercial foreign policy , accusing the White House of valuing profit above ideology or strategy .
the cover story condemns the clinton [people in charge] 's commercial foreign policy , accusing the white house of valuing profit above ideology or strategy .

A pair of articles catalog Mexico 's drug corruption -- especially its crooked drug czar -- and scold the Clinton administration for ignoring it .
a pair of articles catalog mexico 's drug corruption -- especially its crooked drug czar -- and scold the clinton [people in charge] for ignoring it .

An article gloats that the Clinton administration has not returned to its old liberal ways .
an article gloats that the clinton [people in charge] has not returned to its old liberal ways .

Lane also contributes a cover story about the Clinton administration 's ineffectual Haiti policy .
lane also contributes a cover story about the clinton [people in charge] 's ineffectual haiti policy .

An immensely long article condemns the Drug Enforcement Administration 's war on poppy growers .
an immensely long article condemns the drug enforcement [people in charge] 's war on poppy growers .

The administration 's `` minister for scandal , '' Davis brilliantly defused the Thompson hearings by convincing reporters that the witnesses ' testimony was old news .
the [people in charge] 's `` minister for scandal , '' davis brilliantly defused the thompson hearings by convincing reporters that the witnesses ' testimony was old news .

Top brass loathe the Clinton administration for trying to gut their `` warrior '' culture .
top brass loathe the clinton [people in charge] for trying to gut their `` warrior '' culture .

Tradition-bound alums hate the program 's new softness ( more gender equality , less hazing ) , while the administration notes that 1997 's female cadets can do more push-ups than 1962 's male cadets could .
tradition-bound alums hate the program 's new softness ( more gender equality , less hazing ) , while the [people in charge] notes that 1997 's female cadets can do more push-ups than 1962 's male cadets could .

An article marvels at the Clinton administration 's ennui : The second-term president has no agenda , and entire departments ( notably the Justice Department ) seem to be paralyzed .
an article marvels at the clinton [people in charge] 's ennui : the second-term president has no agenda , and entire departments ( notably the justice department ) seem to be paralyzed .

An editorial criticizes the Clinton administration for threatening to withhold federal aid from the University of Texas and the University of California , both of which have enacted race-blind admissions policies .
an editorial criticizes the clinton [people in charge] for threatening to withhold federal aid from the university of texas and the university of california , both of which have enacted race-blind admissions policies .

The Standard 's target is the Clinton administration , while The Nation 's target is big business .
the standard 's target is the clinton [people in charge] , while the nation 's target is big business .

The Washington Post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining China 's pledge to halt assistance to Iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing American firms to sell nuclear reactors to China ) , the Clinton administration discovered and protested China 's secret negotiations with Iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .
the washington post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining china 's pledge to halt assistance to iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing american firms to sell nuclear reactors to china ) , the clinton [people in charge] discovered and protested china 's secret negotiations with iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .

The in-studio Columbus audience of about 6,000 served up what the LAT calls a `` raucous , emotional debate that showed a nation far from convinced of the administration 's course in the Persian Gulf . ''
the in-studio columbus audience of about 6,000 served up what the lat calls a `` raucous , emotional debate that showed a nation far from convinced of the [people in charge] 's course in the persian gulf . ''

The Post serves up an acute description of what transpired : the administration reps found themselves caught between opposing passions ( about being two tough on Iraq , about not being tough enough ) armed only with a largely passionless argument .
the post serves up an acute description of what transpired : the [people in charge] reps found themselves caught between opposing passions ( about being two tough on iraq , about not being tough enough ) armed only with a largely passionless argument .

On the other hand , the budget plan provides smaller tax cuts than were sought by many Republicans , and supports the Clinton administration 's plan to use budget surpluses to first shore up Social Security .
on the other hand , the budget plan provides smaller tax cuts than were sought by many republicans , and supports the clinton [people in charge] 's plan to use budget surpluses to first shore up social security .

The nuances of the administration 's thinking about sanctions are on display in a NYT front-page piece that depicts Bill Clinton at a White House meeting of Christian evangelical leaders , unaware that a Times reporter was there too .
the nuances of the [people in charge] 's thinking about sanctions are on display in a nyt front-page piece that depicts bill clinton at a white house meeting of christian evangelical leaders , unaware that a times reporter was there too .

The WP reports that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's stats for 1997 are in .
the wp reports that the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] 's stats for 1997 are in .

The WP 's `` Reliable Source '' column says that yesterday , reporters covering the Food and Drug Administration received an official e-mail from the FDA press office that was.a long list of Clinton sex jokes .
the wp 's `` reliable source '' column says that yesterday , reporters covering the food and drug [people in charge] received an official e-mail from the fda press office that was.a long list of clinton sex jokes .

Novelist Lucian Truscott IV , a former Army officer and son and grandson of generals , writes a NYT op-ed in support of the Clinton administration 's latest assault weapons ban .
novelist lucian truscott iv , a former army officer and son and grandson of generals , writes a nyt op-ed in support of the clinton [people in charge] 's latest assault weapons ban .

The story also makes the USAT front , where Gingrich is quoted saying , `` This a deeper question than anything that has arisen before in this administration . ''
the story also makes the usat front , where gingrich is quoted saying , `` this a deeper question than anything that has arisen before in this [people in charge] . ''

The paper says , several administration officials and Democrat operatives privately say they are worried that Clinton may not be telling the truth .
the paper says , several [people in charge] officials and democrat operatives privately say they are worried that clinton may not be telling the truth .

In response , says the paper , the administration is prepared to invoke the sweeping protection known as executive privilege as early as Thursday , when John Podesta , a deputy White House chief of staff , goes before the grand jury .
in response , says the paper , the [people in charge] is prepared to invoke the sweeping protection known as executive privilege as early as thursday , when john podesta , a deputy white house chief of staff , goes before the grand jury .

Top Republicans are calling for the removal of Saddam , while the administration is trying to suppress expectations .
top republicans are calling for the removal of saddam , while the [people in charge] is trying to suppress expectations .

Although the amount of direct U.S. aid is minuscule , the Times and Journal explain that the Clinton administration is considering invoking a 1994 federal law that would , besides cutting off aid , also bar billions in American bank loans and World Bank and IMF aid .
although the amount of direct u.s. aid is minuscule , the times and journal explain that the clinton [people in charge] is considering invoking a 1994 federal law that would , besides cutting off aid , also bar billions in american bank loans and world bank and imf aid .

The Washington Post and New York Times lead with the Clinton administration 's post-Columbus moves to shore up public support for its Iraq stance , with the Post reporting that critics of a U.S. air assault now include Jimmy Carter .
the washington post and new york times lead with the clinton [people in charge] 's post-columbus moves to shore up public support for its iraq stance , with the post reporting that critics of a u.s. air assault now include jimmy carter .

The `` Rule of Law '' piece , by a former Reagan administration deputy attorney general , argues that `` it is time for a sober reassessment of the power we have concentrated in the hands of prosecutors and the alarming absence of effective checks and balances to prevent the widespread abuse of that power . ''
the `` rule of law '' piece , by a former reagan [people in charge] deputy attorney general , argues that `` it is time for a sober reassessment of the power we have concentrated in the hands of prosecutors and the alarming absence of effective checks and balances to prevent the widespread abuse of that power . ''

The administration 's old line was , says the paper , `` weeks not months , '' but its new one is `` days not weeks . ''
the [people in charge] 's old line was , says the paper , `` weeks not months , '' but its new one is `` days not weeks . ''

The paper quotes Gingrich 's assessment of the Clinton administration as engaged in `` the most systematic , deliberate obstruction of justice cover-up and effort to avoid the truth we have ever seen in American history , and the time has come to say to the president , 'Quit undermining the law in the United States .
the paper quotes gingrich 's assessment of the clinton [people in charge] as engaged in `` the most systematic , deliberate obstruction of justice cover-up and effort to avoid the truth we have ever seen in american history , and the time has come to say to the president , 'quit undermining the law in the united states .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration 's decision to oppose the California ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded bilingual education , a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the state 's voters .
the los angeles times goes with the clinton [people in charge] 's decision to oppose the california ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded bilingual education , a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the state 's voters .

In return , the Clinton administration cleared the way for American/Russian cooperation in space .
in return , the clinton [people in charge] cleared the way for american/russian cooperation in space .

While the Clinton administration has not committed to deploying a national anti-missile shield , under pressure from the GOP ( national missile defense was a tenet of the `` Contract With America '' ) , it has promised to accelerate testing .
while the clinton [people in charge] has not committed to deploying a national anti-missile shield , under pressure from the gop ( national missile defense was a tenet of the `` contract with america '' ) , it has promised to accelerate testing .

The paper reports , only one actual flight trial of the entire system is planned before the administration must decide whether or not to place it in operation .
the paper reports , only one actual flight trial of the entire system is planned before the [people in charge] must decide whether or not to place it in operation .

Hence if Congress defeats the Clinton administration 's proposal to pony up $ 18 billion for the IMF , the Asian economic players will be at least confused and possibly hostile .
hence if congress defeats the clinton [people in charge] 's proposal to pony up $ 18 billion for the imf , the asian economic players will be at least confused and possibly hostile .

There are currently , Abramson reported , 31 separate official inquiries into reported wrongdoing by Bill Clinton , members of his administration or figures in the Democratic Party .
there are currently , abramson reported , 31 separate official inquiries into reported wrongdoing by bill clinton , members of his [people in charge] or figures in the democratic party .

The Times reports that although the LIV is often defended as a tool for fiscal restraint , even the Clinton administration attributes to it only $ 1M in direct deficit reduction .
the times reports that although the liv is often defended as a tool for fiscal restraint , even the clinton [people in charge] attributes to it only $ 1m in direct deficit reduction .

The NYT also reports that the Clinton administration feels it already has in hand the justification for any new military strikes : the Congressional resolution supporting hitting Iraq passed in 1991 on the eve of the Gulf War .
the nyt also reports that the clinton [people in charge] feels it already has in hand the justification for any new military strikes : the congressional resolution supporting hitting iraq passed in 1991 on the eve of the gulf war .

The Washington Post goes with bipartisan congressional criticism of the Clinton administration 's attempt to impose terms on Israel in its negotiations with the Palestinians .
the washington post goes with bipartisan congressional criticism of the clinton [people in charge] 's attempt to impose terms on israel in its negotiations with the palestinians .

Trent Lott is quoted as being concerned that the administration had `` subcontracted its foreign policy to [ the U.N. 's Kofi ] Annan . ''
trent lott is quoted as being concerned that the [people in charge] had `` subcontracted its foreign policy to [ the u.n. 's kofi ] annan . ''

The front pages at USAT , the WP , and the NYT report that the Clinton administration announced Monday that it will not do an about-face on a nine-year-old policy against funding needle-exchange programs for drug users , even while acknowledging that such programs reduce the spread of AIDS without encouraging drug abuse .
the front pages at usat , the wp , and the nyt report that the clinton [people in charge] announced monday that it will not do an about-face on a nine-year-old policy against funding needle-exchange programs for drug users , even while acknowledging that such programs reduce the spread of aids without encouraging drug abuse .

The NYT has the most detail on the inside politics of the decision , reporting not only that the administration drug czar , Gen. McCaffrey , is vehemently opposed to lifting the ban ( USAT has this too ) , but also that the president 's policy advisors were afraid Republicans might push through legislation taking federal money away from organizations providing free needles .
the nyt has the most detail on the inside politics of the decision , reporting not only that the [people in charge] drug czar , gen. mccaffrey , is vehemently opposed to lifting the ban ( usat has this too ) , but also that the president 's policy advisors were afraid republicans might push through legislation taking federal money away from organizations providing free needles .

The NYT 's lead editorial says that Newt Gingrich 's decision to investigate the export of sensitive technology to China under the Clinton administration is `` right beyond argument . ''
the nyt 's lead editorial says that newt gingrich 's decision to investigate the export of sensitive technology to china under the clinton [people in charge] is `` right beyond argument . ''

Incidentally , notes the WSJ , although in his present role Starr has fought hard against the administration 's contention that executive privilege shields some key Clinton advisors as well as Hillary , as a U.S. appeals court judge , Starr `` seldom rebuffed an assertion of privilege . ''
incidentally , notes the wsj , although in his present role starr has fought hard against the [people in charge] 's contention that executive privilege shields some key clinton advisors as well as hillary , as a u.s. appeals court judge , starr `` seldom rebuffed an assertion of privilege . ''

Lott , reports the Times , urged President Clinton to reject it , accusing the administration of abdicating its foreign policy to Kofi Annan .
lott , reports the times , urged president clinton to reject it , accusing the [people in charge] of abdicating its foreign policy to kofi annan .

No wonder the Administration 's announcement the other day that needle exchange programs do work but wo n't be getting federal funds seemed so lame : according to a front-page story at the WP , until a half-hour before the press conference , HHS Secretary Donna Shalala was all set to announce federal funding .
no wonder the [people in charge] 's announcement the other day that needle exchange programs do work but wo n't be getting federal funds seemed so lame : according to a front-page story at the wp , until a half-hour before the press conference , hhs secretary donna shalala was all set to announce federal funding .

A senior administration official tells the paper that direct U.S. aid is not being contemplated , but rather IMF and World Bank monies , which means 80 percent non-U.S. funds .
a senior [people in charge] official tells the paper that direct u.s. aid is not being contemplated , but rather imf and world bank monies , which means 80 percent non-u.s. funds .

The broad outlines -- that Schwartz has , since first meeting Bill Clinton in 1992 , been a big donor to President Clinton and the DNC and that during that same time-frame , Loral has enjoyed solid administration support for its efforts to sell communications technology to China -- are the same .
the broad outlines -- that schwartz has , since first meeting bill clinton in 1992 , been a big donor to president clinton and the dnc and that during that same time-frame , loral has enjoyed solid [people in charge] support for its efforts to sell communications technology to china -- are the same .

One administration concern the Post passes along : that Annan may not have insisted on the right of inspectors to make repeat visits to the presidential palaces .
one [people in charge] concern the post passes along : that annan may not have insisted on the right of inspectors to make repeat visits to the presidential palaces .

Wilson and the Clinton administration over how much to pay former welfare recipients for the state-supplied community service jobs they are offered when they can not find work on their own .
wilson and the clinton [people in charge] over how much to pay former welfare recipients for the state-supplied community service jobs they are offered when they can not find work on their own .

USA Today leads with a Clinton administration proposal for new rules governing transplant organ availability .
usa today leads with a clinton [people in charge] proposal for new rules governing transplant organ availability .

Points out the Post , yesterday 's statement was different -- with it , Clinton is referring to an episode that occurred during his own administration .
points out the post , yesterday 's statement was different -- with it , clinton is referring to an episode that occurred during his own [people in charge] .

The Times does a good job of supplying specifics on the U.S. inaction in Rwanda , noting that the Clinton administration blocked a UN on-the-ground effort that `` might have saved hundreds of thousands of lives . ''
the times does a good job of supplying specifics on the u.s. inaction in rwanda , noting that the clinton [people in charge] blocked a un on-the-ground effort that `` might have saved hundreds of thousands of lives . ''

USAT and the NYT ( in its front-page piece ) note this is Reno 's fourth request for a special prosecutor looking into a Clinton Cabinet officer and the Times adds it 's the sixth one appointed overall during the Clinton administration .
usat and the nyt ( in its front-page piece ) note this is reno 's fourth request for a special prosecutor looking into a clinton cabinet officer and the times adds it 's the sixth one appointed overall during the clinton [people in charge] .

Clinton describes his administration 's decision to allow high technology to be exported to China as `` routine . ''
clinton describes his [people in charge] 's decision to allow high technology to be exported to china as `` routine . ''

The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration 's desire to drop the annual process of certifying that Mexico and other nations are cooperating in the drug war in favor of setting up an international anti-drug alliance that such countries would join .
the los angeles times goes with the clinton [people in charge] 's desire to drop the annual process of certifying that mexico and other nations are cooperating in the drug war in favor of setting up an international anti-drug alliance that such countries would join .

USAT 's off-lead states that `` the Clinton administration began making the case for military action against Iraq to a U.S. audience Sunday.. '' That `` began '' is a little unfair , is n't it ?
usat 's off-lead states that `` the clinton [people in charge] began making the case for military action against iraq to a u.s. audience sunday.. '' that `` began '' is a little unfair , is n't it ?

The NYT , in its lead , says that administration officials were `` furious '' about the Falwell rendezvous .
the nyt , in its lead , says that [people in charge] officials were `` furious '' about the falwell rendezvous .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the Clinton administration push for tighter regulation of managed care .
the los angeles times leads with the clinton [people in charge] push for tighter regulation of managed care .

In the latest USAT /CNN/Gallup Poll , 76 percent of respondents approve of air strikes , while 60 percent go beyond the Clinton administration and also support the use of ground troops against Iraq .
in the latest usat /cnn/gallup poll , 76 percent of respondents approve of air strikes , while 60 percent go beyond the clinton [people in charge] and also support the use of ground troops against iraq .

The paper says the administration does n't want to advertise this .
the paper says the [people in charge] does n't want to advertise this .

The LAT is more definite , saying the release was `` one of the last steps in an extensive package deal secretly negotiated earlier this year '' during a `` clandestine mission to Beijing on the weekend of March 7-8 by three Clinton administration officials . ''
the lat is more definite , saying the release was `` one of the last steps in an extensive package deal secretly negotiated earlier this year '' during a `` clandestine mission to beijing on the weekend of march 7-8 by three clinton [people in charge] officials . ''

The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is the emerging pressure on the Clinton administration to not just strike against Saddam Hussein , but remove him .
the top national story at the los angeles times is the emerging pressure on the clinton [people in charge] to not just strike against saddam hussein , but remove him .

The stance , says the paper , amounts to an escalation of the confrontation with the Clinton administration to `` frenetic proportions . ''
the stance , says the paper , amounts to an escalation of the confrontation with the clinton [people in charge] to `` frenetic proportions . ''

At one point , apparently , Al Gore suggested that the administration consider designating Saddam a war criminal .
at one point , apparently , al gore suggested that the [people in charge] consider designating saddam a war criminal .

Assault weapons of this sort have been banned previously , by the Bush administration ( 1989 ) and by an earlier Clinton ban ( 1994 ) , but foreign manufacturers responded by slightly modifying their weapons .
assault weapons of this sort have been banned previously , by the bush [people in charge] ( 1989 ) and by an earlier clinton ban ( 1994 ) , but foreign manufacturers responded by slightly modifying their weapons .

Because some genius in the Clinton administration took the money to fund yet another theory , yet another program , and yet another bureaucracy . ''
because some genius in the clinton [people in charge] took the money to fund yet another theory , yet another program , and yet another bureaucracy . ''

Would President Clinton have suffered his humiliating rebuff over fast-track trade legislation if the administration had not wasted crucial months failing to take the issue seriously ?
would president clinton have suffered his humiliating rebuff over fast-track trade legislation if the [people in charge] had not wasted crucial months failing to take the issue seriously ?

Clinton 's pre-presidential intellectual tastes played a big role in determining the shape of his administration 's first couple of years .
clinton 's pre-presidential intellectual tastes played a big role in determining the shape of his [people in charge] 's first couple of years .

In 1990 , Milliken supplied crucial seed money to the Economic Strategy Institute , a think tank headed by former Reagan administration official Clyde Prestowitz ; thereafter , he contributed more than 10 percent of ESI 's budget .
in 1990 , milliken supplied crucial seed money to the economic strategy institute , a think tank headed by former reagan [people in charge] official clyde prestowitz ; thereafter , he contributed more than 10 percent of esi 's budget .

The Clinton administration is n't particularly mendacious on economic matters -- in fact , economic analysis and reporting under Clinton have been unusually scrupulous .
the clinton [people in charge] is n't particularly mendacious on economic matters -- in fact , economic analysis and reporting under clinton have been unusually scrupulous .

After all , other members of the administration -- especially Labor Secretary Robert Reich -- have been insistently pushing a very different view .
after all , other members of the [people in charge] -- especially labor secretary robert reich -- have been insistently pushing a very different view .

Should we , as some in the administration want , focus our attention on preserving the jobs of well-paid employees at big corporations ?
should we , as some in the [people in charge] want , focus our attention on preserving the jobs of well-paid employees at big corporations ?

In 1993 , after the Clinton administration had pushed through an increase in taxes on upper-income families , the very same people who have persuaded Dole to run on a tax-cut platform were very sure about what would happen .
in 1993 , after the clinton [people in charge] had pushed through an increase in taxes on upper-income families , the very same people who have persuaded dole to run on a tax-cut platform were very sure about what would happen .

It will be the kind of department that can make a strong case to the university administration that it should receive preferential financial treatment , because it contributes to the prestige of the university as a whole , and hence ultimately to the institution 's ability to raise money .
it will be the kind of department that can make a strong case to the university [people in charge] that it should receive preferential financial treatment , because it contributes to the prestige of the university as a whole , and hence ultimately to the institution 's ability to raise money .

As if anyone cares what a bunch of tight-assed media-studies dorks who work at think tanks nobody 's ever heard of and have n't filed a story since the Ford Administration think of the State of American Journalism Today .
as if anyone cares what a bunch of tight-assed media-studies dorks who work at think tanks nobody 's ever heard of and have n't filed a story since the ford [people in charge] think of the state of american journalism today .

According to the New York Times , the president of the AFL-CIO , John Sweeney , `` said it was 'disgustingly hypocritical ' of the administration to claim to be keeping the interests of working people in mind as it negotiates with a regime that routinely violates human rights . ''
according to the new york times , the president of the afl-cio , john sweeney , `` said it was 'disgustingly hypocritical ' of the [people in charge] to claim to be keeping the interests of working people in mind as it negotiates with a regime that routinely violates human rights . ''

Asked if the Clinton administration is too supportive of Russian President Boris Yeltsin , Bush replies cryptically , `` That 's going to be an interesting debate in the fall campaign if I 'm the nominee , let me just put it to you that way .
asked if the clinton [people in charge] is too supportive of russian president boris yeltsin , bush replies cryptically , `` that 's going to be an interesting debate in the fall campaign if i 'm the nominee , let me just put it to you that way .

Some , such as Kate O'Beirne ( Capital Gang ) argue that Republicans reined in the Clinton administration 's spending requests , kept Social Security funds intact , and prevented the subsidization of international abortion providers through the United Nations .
some , such as kate o'beirne ( capital gang ) argue that republicans reined in the clinton [people in charge] 's spending requests , kept social security funds intact , and prevented the subsidization of international abortion providers through the united nations .

Rather , Chatterbox means that Simpson captures one specific Beverly Hills orthodontist , named Nathan Seltzer , who straightened Chatterbox 's teeth during the Nixon administration .
rather , chatterbox means that simpson captures one specific beverly hills orthodontist , named nathan seltzer , who straightened chatterbox 's teeth during the nixon [people in charge] .

Even though the Justice Department makes its own independent decisions in such matters without input from the White House , its leaders -- including Joel Klein -- are appointees of the current administration .
even though the justice department makes its own independent decisions in such matters without input from the white house , its leaders -- including joel klein -- are appointees of the current [people in charge] .

For instance , what does the WP mean with this first sentence , `` The Occupational Safety and Health Administration will take the first step today to require many employers to provide work spaces and equipment to support the physical makeup of each individual doing his job . `` ?
for instance , what does the wp mean with this first sentence , `` the occupational safety and health [people in charge] will take the first step today to require many employers to provide work spaces and equipment to support the physical makeup of each individual doing his job . `` ?

While the WP quotes somebody from something called Food Distributors International as its source for the bottom-line worry , the Times goes instead with the Small Business Administration , which the paper explains , is an independent government agency .
while the wp quotes somebody from something called food distributors international as its source for the bottom-line worry , the times goes instead with the small business [people in charge] , which the paper explains , is an independent government agency .

The narrative does n't really dwell on the tobacco rulemaking process at the Food and Drug Administration , which was Chatterbox 's piece of the story .
the narrative does n't really dwell on the tobacco rulemaking process at the food and drug [people in charge] , which was chatterbox 's piece of the story .

The papers do not mention a possible political motive for Clinton : George W. Bush is expected to launch a similar attack against Yeltsin 's Chechnya campaign in a foreign-policy speech today , a position that the Clinton administration has now triangulated .
the papers do not mention a possible political motive for clinton : george w. bush is expected to launch a similar attack against yeltsin 's chechnya campaign in a foreign-policy speech today , a position that the clinton [people in charge] has now triangulated .

The story makes it clear that there is heartfelt disagreement about this within the administration by quoting by name government officials on both sides .
the story makes it clear that there is heartfelt disagreement about this within the [people in charge] by quoting by name government officials on both sides .

The Gore family has speculated that the Nixon administration wanted to make sure that Little Al did n't create good publicity for Big Al from Vietnam -- possibly by getting injured .
the gore family has speculated that the nixon [people in charge] wanted to make sure that little al did n't create good publicity for big al from vietnam -- possibly by getting injured .

This , the Times notes , is a reversal of recent administration policy , which had favored the U.S. drug companies ' stance of strict distribution controls that kept prices high .
this , the times notes , is a reversal of recent [people in charge] policy , which had favored the u.s. drug companies ' stance of strict distribution controls that kept prices high .

The WP off-leads and USAT goes bottom front with the Federal Aviation Administration 's revelation yesterday that investigators who set out to test security at major U.S. airports repeatedly found it could be easily breached .
the wp off-leads and usat goes bottom front with the federal aviation [people in charge] 's revelation yesterday that investigators who set out to test security at major u.s. airports repeatedly found it could be easily breached .

Walsh 's theory of the Iran-Contra scandal -- that some members of the Reagan administration tried to do an end run around the Constitution -- is not very novel .
walsh 's theory of the iran-contra scandal -- that some members of the reagan [people in charge] tried to do an end run around the constitution -- is not very novel .

Shultz , who opposed the original arms-for-hostages deal , was the closest thing to a conscience inside the Reagan administration 's foreign-policy team .
shultz , who opposed the original arms-for-hostages deal , was the closest thing to a conscience inside the reagan [people in charge] 's foreign-policy team .

For instance , Greider argues that the unexpected rise in interest rates in 1994 -- after the Clinton administration had reduced the deficit -- was the result of an entirely separate drama played out among private bondholders , who wildly overinvested the previous year .
for instance , greider argues that the unexpected rise in interest rates in 1994 -- after the clinton [people in charge] had reduced the deficit -- was the result of an entirely separate drama played out among private bondholders , who wildly overinvested the previous year .

This time , the uneasy voice is that of a nameless California journalist who has written about administration policy in Central America during the 1980s ( she could , in other words , be Joan Didion herself ) .
this time , the uneasy voice is that of a nameless california journalist who has written about [people in charge] policy in central america during the 1980s ( she could , in other words , be joan didion herself ) .

Their cooperation would have given the green light to every Craig Livingstone in the administration to drop a dime on them .
their cooperation would have given the green light to every craig livingstone in the [people in charge] to drop a dime on them .

The Washington Post leads with the Food and Drug Administration 's suspension of all programs at the University of Pennsylvania 's Institute for Human Gene Therapy .
the washington post leads with the food and drug [people in charge] 's suspension of all programs at the university of pennsylvania 's institute for human gene therapy .

He boasts about what the Clinton administration has accomplished , mentioning the low unemployment rate and the passage of pro-union legislation , among other things .
he boasts about what the clinton [people in charge] has accomplished , mentioning the low unemployment rate and the passage of pro-union legislation , among other things .

Here 's the story : I interviewed him when I was still at the Post prior to the Atlanta Olympics ( he was the Clinton administration 's Olympic Pooh-Bah ) , and six months later , there he was , watching The English Patient at the same theater I was on a rainy December night .
here 's the story : i interviewed him when i was still at the post prior to the atlanta olympics ( he was the clinton [people in charge] 's olympic pooh-bah ) , and six months later , there he was , watching the english patient at the same theater i was on a rainy december night .

The Post notes that one of Barak 's chief fund-raisers , Tal Zilbersteiin , runs the Tel Aviv office of a political consultancy headed by former Clinton administration campaign officials Stanley Greenberg , James Carville , and Bob Shrum .
the post notes that one of barak 's chief fund-raisers , tal zilbersteiin , runs the tel aviv office of a political consultancy headed by former clinton [people in charge] campaign officials stanley greenberg , james carville , and bob shrum .

The NYT off-leads the revelation , sourced to Clinton administration officials , that the U.S. now believes that the Pakistani military supported the terrorist group that carried out last month 's Indian Airlines hijack .
the nyt off-leads the revelation , sourced to clinton [people in charge] officials , that the u.s. now believes that the pakistani military supported the terrorist group that carried out last month 's indian airlines hijack .

The WP fronts the Food and Drug Administration 's warning that doctors screen all patients for heart problems before prescribing the popular nighttime heartburn drug Propulsid , because the drug has been linked to 70 cardiac-related deaths .
the wp fronts the food and drug [people in charge] 's warning that doctors screen all patients for heart problems before prescribing the popular nighttime heartburn drug propulsid , because the drug has been linked to 70 cardiac-related deaths .

However , Mount Baker , in Washington state , appears to have been certified by the Commerce Department 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration as setting a record last year for `` the most snowfall ever measured in the United States [ Chatterbox presumes that means the continental United States ] in a single season . ''
however , mount baker , in washington state , appears to have been certified by the commerce department 's national oceanic and atmospheric [people in charge] as setting a record last year for `` the most snowfall ever measured in the united states [ chatterbox presumes that means the continental united states ] in a single season . ''

One tries to imagine what would happen if an assistant secretary from the Carter administration kept running in Democratic primaries .
one tries to imagine what would happen if an assistant secretary from the carter [people in charge] kept running in democratic primaries .

When he said that the Clinton administration not only talked the talk , but also walked the walk on civil rights , Gore actually drew boos from the Bradley-friendly crowd for his somewhat hokey-sounding appropriation of street language .
when he said that the clinton [people in charge] not only talked the talk , but also walked the walk on civil rights , gore actually drew boos from the bradley-friendly crowd for his somewhat hokey-sounding appropriation of street language .

Tonight , in front of an audience composed of minorities and whites sympathetic to minority concerns , the Vice-president bragged extensively about the record of an outfit he seldom mentions : `` the Clinton-Gore administration . ''
tonight , in front of an audience composed of minorities and whites sympathetic to minority concerns , the vice-president bragged extensively about the record of an outfit he seldom mentions : `` the clinton-gore [people in charge] . ''

The NYT reefers the Food and Drug Administration 's warning to the nation 's flu-swamped physicians against relying too heavily on the two newest anti-flu drugs .
the nyt reefers the food and drug [people in charge] 's warning to the nation 's flu-swamped physicians against relying too heavily on the two newest anti-flu drugs .

The pundits splinter over the Clinton administration 's attempt to return boy-refugee Elin Gonzlez to his father in Cuba .
the pundits splinter over the clinton [people in charge] 's attempt to return boy-refugee elin gonzlez to his father in cuba .

USA Today leads with the Clinton administration 's proposal for establishing a nationwide computer system for rapidly tracking the course of infectious diseases like the flu and hepatitis C. The New York Times lead also connects medicine and cyberspace with a report that the rise of Americans ' online pharmaceutical purchases via foreign-based Web sites has led to record levels of illegal drug imports , judging from the latest figures on Customs Service seizures of imported drugs in 1999 , which ran about 4.5 times higher than 1998 .
usa today leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's proposal for establishing a nationwide computer system for rapidly tracking the course of infectious diseases like the flu and hepatitis c. the new york times lead also connects medicine and cyberspace with a report that the rise of americans ' online pharmaceutical purchases via foreign-based web sites has led to record levels of illegal drug imports , judging from the latest figures on customs service seizures of imported drugs in 1999 , which ran about 4.5 times higher than 1998 .

Bradley has ardently discussed the topic of improving race relations , but has not been able to sway those content with Clinton administration policies and Gore 's place near them .
bradley has ardently discussed the topic of improving race relations , but has not been able to sway those content with clinton [people in charge] policies and gore 's place near them .

The Post , however , writes that `` some participants in the financial markets had begun to speculate that Clinton might not reappoint [ Greenspan ] , or that the administration would try to influence Fed interest-rate policy in exchange for the reappointment . ''
the post , however , writes that `` some participants in the financial markets had begun to speculate that clinton might not reappoint [ greenspan ] , or that the [people in charge] would try to influence fed interest-rate policy in exchange for the reappointment . ''

The Post and Journal report that Labor Secretary Alexis Herman backtracked from an Occupational Safety and Health Administration notice requiring employers to provide proper furniture , lighting , heating , and ventilation systems to employees working at home .
the post and journal report that labor secretary alexis herman backtracked from an occupational safety and health [people in charge] notice requiring employers to provide proper furniture , lighting , heating , and ventilation systems to employees working at home .

An op-ed in the Journal argues that the OSHA guidelines are part of a pattern of Clinton administration electoral favors to labor unions ( because the guidelines discourage telecommuters , who are hard to organize ) .
an op-ed in the journal argues that the osha guidelines are part of a pattern of clinton [people in charge] electoral favors to labor unions ( because the guidelines discourage telecommuters , who are hard to organize ) .

Responding to Bradley 's `` bunker mentality '' charge from the last debate , he finally stood up and took credit for the record of the Clinton administration .
responding to bradley 's `` bunker mentality '' charge from the last debate , he finally stood up and took credit for the record of the clinton [people in charge] .

The Washington Post goes with Labor Secretary Alexis Herman 's backpedaling on an Occupational Safety and Health Administration directive making employers responsible for safety and health violations in employees ' home offices .
the washington post goes with labor secretary alexis herman 's backpedaling on an occupational safety and health [people in charge] directive making employers responsible for safety and health violations in employees ' home offices .

Officially , the INS judged the case based on law and research , but anonymous officials told the NYT that the administration did not want to damage relations with Cuba when it is trying to forge new contacts there .
officially , the ins judged the case based on law and research , but anonymous officials told the nyt that the [people in charge] did not want to damage relations with cuba when it is trying to forge new contacts there .

Each story carries President Clinton 's boast that his administration has kept the boy 's plight `` out of politics , '' but the two Times dispute that statement .
each story carries president clinton 's boast that his [people in charge] has kept the boy 's plight `` out of politics , '' but the two times dispute that statement .

It was , in fact , the prospect of Powell and the other chiefs testifying before Congress about their personal opposition to allowing gays to serve in the military that gave Sen. Sam Nunn the leverage to foist Powell 's own preferred compromise of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' on the administration .
it was , in fact , the prospect of powell and the other chiefs testifying before congress about their personal opposition to allowing gays to serve in the military that gave sen. sam nunn the leverage to foist powell 's own preferred compromise of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' on the [people in charge] .

The Times suggests that they are trying to head off a full-on Clinton administration depiction as price-gougers .
the times suggests that they are trying to head off a full-on clinton [people in charge] depiction as price-gougers .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that ex-Clinton Press Secretary Mike McCurry introduced a conference speaker the other day as having served in `` the first Bush administration . ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that ex-clinton press secretary mike mccurry introduced a conference speaker the other day as having served in `` the first bush [people in charge] . ''

They thought I was being paranoid when I suggested the Clinton administration might alter its food stamp policy to help Hillary Clinton run for Senate against New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani .
they thought i was being paranoid when i suggested the clinton [people in charge] might alter its food stamp policy to help hillary clinton run for senate against new york mayor rudolph giuliani .

Here 's one example from my backyard : Shortly after taking office , the Giuliani administration in New York began stonewalling the most routine media requests for information .
here 's one example from my backyard : shortly after taking office , the giuliani [people in charge] in new york began stonewalling the most routine media requests for information .

Just a list -- as had been provided by every previous administration in recent memory .
just a list -- as had been provided by every previous [people in charge] in recent memory .

To its credit , the Daily News sued , and only under court order did the administration provide the information as it was legally required to provide .
to its credit , the daily news sued , and only under court order did the [people in charge] provide the information as it was legally required to provide .

This is particularly true if you 're fighting for a job in the Clinton administration , where insecurity over the drug war runs high .
this is particularly true if you 're fighting for a job in the clinton [people in charge] , where insecurity over the drug war runs high .

It got the Reagan administration to negotiate telecommunications agreements with Japan that were then used to ensure Motorola 's access to the cellular market there .
it got the reagan [people in charge] to negotiate telecommunications agreements with japan that were then used to ensure motorola 's access to the cellular market there .

National Highway Traffic Safety Administration data suggest my experience is a bit one-sided , however .
national highway traffic safety [people in charge] data suggest my experience is a bit one-sided , however .

Sibutramine , with fen-phen 's effects in one pill , and orlistat , which prevents fat absorption from the intestines , are undergoing Food and Drug Administration approval testing .
sibutramine , with fen-phen 's effects in one pill , and orlistat , which prevents fat absorption from the intestines , are undergoing food and drug [people in charge] approval testing .

That $ 368.5 billion settlement , agreed to last June by R.J. Reynolds , Philip Morris , and their smaller kin , would have ended most tobacco advertising , raised the price of cigarettes by more than 50 cents a pack , given the Food and Drug Administration authority to regulate nicotine , committed the industry to reducing teen smoking , and established a trust fund to pay for past health claims and help smokers quit .
that $ 368.5 billion settlement , agreed to last june by r.j. reynolds , philip morris , and their smaller kin , would have ended most tobacco advertising , raised the price of cigarettes by more than 50 cents a pack , given the food and drug [people in charge] authority to regulate nicotine , committed the industry to reducing teen smoking , and established a trust fund to pay for past health claims and help smokers quit .

A month ago , Federal Railroad Administration officials sprang surprise inspections on Union Pacific in 11 cities .
a month ago , federal railroad [people in charge] officials sprang surprise inspections on union pacific in 11 cities .

The Food and Drug Administration has approved irradiation of produce , pork , poultry , and other foods , but industry has not adopted it widely .
the food and drug [people in charge] has approved irradiation of produce , pork , poultry , and other foods , but industry has not adopted it widely .

Yitzhak Shichor , a Hebrew University expert on Israel-China relations , told the paper that the Chinese statement was probably a result of pressure from the Clinton administration .
yitzhak shichor , a hebrew university expert on israel-china relations , told the paper that the chinese statement was probably a result of pressure from the clinton [people in charge] .

In return , the Clinton administration agreed to prohibit government-funded relief organizations from performing abortions or promoting abortion rights .
in return , the clinton [people in charge] agreed to prohibit government-funded relief organizations from performing abortions or promoting abortion rights .

The administration said the concessions were `` largely symbolic '' and would `` not interfere with family planning programs around the world . ''
the [people in charge] said the concessions were `` largely symbolic '' and would `` not interfere with family planning programs around the world . ''

Ten days after a federal judge declared the company a monopoly , Gore was aggressively questioned about his administration 's antitrust suit .
ten days after a federal judge declared the company a monopoly , gore was aggressively questioned about his [people in charge] 's antitrust suit .

The Clinton administration is bound by law to decide by mid-2000 whether or not to begin deployment of a limited defense against long-range missiles .
the clinton [people in charge] is bound by law to decide by mid-2000 whether or not to begin deployment of a limited defense against long-range missiles .

In 1967 , the Johnson administration proposed the `` Sentinel '' missile defense network to defend against Chinese missile attack .
in 1967 , the johnson [people in charge] proposed the `` sentinel '' missile defense network to defend against chinese missile attack .

As permitted by the ABM Treaty inked with Moscow in 1972 , the Ford administration unveiled an $ 8 billion , 100-missile site in North Dakota in 1975 .
as permitted by the abm treaty inked with moscow in 1972 , the ford [people in charge] unveiled an $ 8 billion , 100-missile site in north dakota in 1975 .

The technology was n't there for Brilliant Pebbles , and in 1993 the Clinton administration announced the `` end of the Star Wars era . ''
the technology was n't there for brilliant pebbles , and in 1993 the clinton [people in charge] announced the `` end of the star wars era . ''

The class-action suits , which would be brought by local public-housing authorities and coordinated by the Clinton administration , would demand reimbursement for security and other costs of handgun violence .
the class-action suits , which would be brought by local public-housing authorities and coordinated by the clinton [people in charge] , would demand reimbursement for security and other costs of handgun violence .

After insisting that Gonzalez 's fate would be decided in Florida courts , the Clinton administration now says it will follow the wishes of the father .
after insisting that gonzalez 's fate would be decided in florida courts , the clinton [people in charge] now says it will follow the wishes of the father .

The Clinton administration 's spin : No , we 're putting the child 's and father 's needs first .
the clinton [people in charge] 's spin : no , we 're putting the child 's and father 's needs first .

Clinton critics called the talks `` an embarrassment '' and accused the administration of failing to make a clear case for free trade .
clinton critics called the talks `` an embarrassment '' and accused the [people in charge] of failing to make a clear case for free trade .

The Federal Highway Administration predicts that by 2020 -- and I know a cheap joke when I see it , especially from some smarty-pants highway administrator -- one out of five drivers will be 65 or older .
the federal highway [people in charge] predicts that by 2020 -- and i know a cheap joke when i see it , especially from some smarty-pants highway administrator -- one out of five drivers will be 65 or older .

Newspapers said the new research : 1 ) `` showed that scientists were narrowing in on chemical exposure -- from pesticides  nerve gas , or an experimental drug given to troops -- as the cause of the illness '' ; 2 ) undermines a Clinton administration report suggesting the complaints resulted from battlefield stress ; and 3 ) could guarantee these veterans better coverage for treatment .
newspapers said the new research : 1 ) `` showed that scientists were narrowing in on chemical exposure -- from pesticides  nerve gas , or an experimental drug given to troops -- as the cause of the illness '' ; 2 ) undermines a clinton [people in charge] report suggesting the complaints resulted from battlefield stress ; and 3 ) could guarantee these veterans better coverage for treatment .

Morris , in turn , has charged that `` the Internet administration is burning the bridge to the 21 st century '' and is `` discriminating simply because this is over the Internet . ''
morris , in turn , has charged that `` the internet [people in charge] is burning the bridge to the 21 st century '' and is `` discriminating simply because this is over the internet . ''

In his campaign kickoff speech last June , Bush was too heavy-handed : `` Some in this administration think they invented [ prosperity ] .
in his campaign kickoff speech last june , bush was too heavy-handed : `` some in this [people in charge] think they invented [ prosperity ] .

By October , however , Bush had lightened his touch : `` If [ what Clinton and Gore have done ] is reinventing government , it makes you wonder how this administration was ever skilled enough and efficient enough to create the Internet . ''
by october , however , bush had lightened his touch : `` if [ what clinton and gore have done ] is reinventing government , it makes you wonder how this [people in charge] was ever skilled enough and efficient enough to create the internet . ''

Monday , he cited published reports that `` Clinton administration Cabinet officers are being asked to arrange their travel schedules and public announcements so the vice president can finance his political campaign with taxpayer dollars when his funds run out . ''
monday , he cited published reports that `` clinton [people in charge] cabinet officers are being asked to arrange their travel schedules and public announcements so the vice president can finance his political campaign with taxpayer dollars when his funds run out . ''

In the good old days , says the Post , Bradley `` was more restrained , '' declining `` to comment on the Clinton administration 's fund-raising behavior . ''
in the good old days , says the post , bradley `` was more restrained , '' declining `` to comment on the clinton [people in charge] 's fund-raising behavior . ''

Donald Kennedy , a biologist , former president of Stanford University , and once commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration , will take the reins at Science in June .
donald kennedy , a biologist , former president of stanford university , and once commissioner of the food and drug [people in charge] , will take the reins at science in june .

That 's how some guy on local news described New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani , whose latest defeat came Friday when a federal judge found that the city unlawfully punished an AIDS group critical of his administration .
that 's how some guy on local news described new york mayor rudolph giuliani , whose latest defeat came friday when a federal judge found that the city unlawfully punished an aids group critical of his [people in charge] .

The NYCLU has gone to court in Amendment cases against the Giuliani administration 21 times .
the nyclu has gone to court in amendment cases against the giuliani [people in charge] 21 times .

That 's the branch we should climb out on if we really want to use economics to get at the truth about the scandals surrounding the Clinton administration .
that 's the branch we should climb out on if we really want to use economics to get at the truth about the scandals surrounding the clinton [people in charge] .

If Ron Brown had been the only administration official willing and able to sell out to the Vietnamese , he could have extracted a price commensurate with the multimillion-dollar value of his product .
if ron brown had been the only [people in charge] official willing and able to sell out to the vietnamese , he could have extracted a price commensurate with the multimillion-dollar value of his product .

Economic theory tells me that if the charges against him were accurate , there must have been others in the administration who shared his ethical laxity .
economic theory tells me that if the charges against him were accurate , there must have been others in the [people in charge] who shared his ethical laxity .

President Cigar ( I mean Clinton ) made teen smoking a federal affair two years ago when he unleashed the Food and Drug Administration on the problem .
president cigar ( i mean clinton ) made teen smoking a federal affair two years ago when he unleashed the food and drug [people in charge] on the problem .

If the FDA were consistent , it would leapfrog the Drug Enforcement Administration and start regulating marijuana .
if the fda were consistent , it would leapfrog the drug enforcement [people in charge] and start regulating marijuana .

The FDA claims that its ad-busting rules are the best way to achieve the administration 's goals of halving teen smoking in the next seven years .
the fda claims that its ad-busting rules are the best way to achieve the [people in charge] 's goals of halving teen smoking in the next seven years .

The Office of Advocacy of the Small Business Administration will gladly supply you with a table that might appear , at first glance , to lend support to such claims ( see Figure 1 ) .
the office of advocacy of the small business [people in charge] will gladly supply you with a table that might appear , at first glance , to lend support to such claims ( see figure 1 ) .

Source : Office of Advocacy , U.S. Small Business Administration , from U.S. Department of Commerce , Bureau of the Census Data , prepared under contract ( table prepared July 1996 ) .
source : office of advocacy , u.s. small business [people in charge] , from u.s. department of commerce , bureau of the census data , prepared under contract ( table prepared july 1996 ) .

A Seattle Times story from 1992 quoted a Drug Enforcement Administration source who said that in the '70s , heroin was typically 25 percent to 30 percent pure , but that heroin seized in the early '90s was now topping the scales at 67 percent pure .
a seattle times story from 1992 quoted a drug enforcement [people in charge] source who said that in the '70s , heroin was typically 25 percent to 30 percent pure , but that heroin seized in the early '90s was now topping the scales at 67 percent pure .

As the Congressional Budget Office put it : `` Reductions in Medicare spending would provide a major part of the funding for the Administration 's proposal . ''
as the congressional budget office put it : `` reductions in medicare spending would provide a major part of the funding for the [people in charge] 's proposal . ''

My wife , who works for the administration under her maiden name , rolled her eyes , saying , `` Gore 's office is never going to let you get away with the credit . ''
my wife , who works for the [people in charge] under her maiden name , rolled her eyes , saying , `` gore 's office is never going to let you get away with the credit . ''

Instructions that came with the form counseled checking with `` your tax department '' or -- an even less realistic option for a fellow needing to get some work done -- the local office of the Small Business Administration .
instructions that came with the form counseled checking with `` your tax department '' or -- an even less realistic option for a fellow needing to get some work done -- the local office of the small business [people in charge] .

For example , the Food and Drug Administration is charged with keeping dangerous pharmaceuticals off the market .
for example , the food and drug [people in charge] is charged with keeping dangerous pharmaceuticals off the market .

Indeed , Kohut says , 74 percent of a recent sample say they are tired of all the problems of the Clinton administration .
indeed , kohut says , 74 percent of a recent sample say they are tired of all the problems of the clinton [people in charge] .

Attempts to address the issue are uniting politicians across party and ideological lines , and the Clinton administration has set 2010 as the target date for eliminating racial disparities in health care .
attempts to address the issue are uniting politicians across party and ideological lines , and the clinton [people in charge] has set 2010 as the target date for eliminating racial disparities in health care .

I worked in the Giuliani administration for a year , and no one spoke to the press .
i worked in the giuliani [people in charge] for a year , and no one spoke to the press .

Today 's effort claims that recently , U.N. peacekeeping forces have made strides in containing the KLA and in establishing civil administration , especially by paying judges and other bureaucrats who 've gone months without .
today 's effort claims that recently , u.n. peacekeeping forces have made strides in containing the kla and in establishing civil [people in charge] , especially by paying judges and other bureaucrats who 've gone months without .

The New York Times details vast wastefulness at the Veterans Administration .
the new york times details vast wastefulness at the veterans [people in charge] .

The NYT lead indicts the Veterans Administration for wasting over $ 1 million a day on maintaining unnecessary and underpopulated facilities .
the nyt lead indicts the veterans [people in charge] for wasting over $ 1 million a day on maintaining unnecessary and underpopulated facilities .

The Clinton administration deemed the talks a success , saying 1 ) no one expected a breakthrough in the first round ; and 2 ) the unprecedented discussion of substantive issues was a breakthrough .
the clinton [people in charge] deemed the talks a success , saying 1 ) no one expected a breakthrough in the first round ; and 2 ) the unprecedented discussion of substantive issues was a breakthrough .

Critics ' spin : That threat would never have been so great if the Clinton administration had n't flubbed the investigation .
critics ' spin : that threat would never have been so great if the clinton [people in charge] had n't flubbed the investigation .

The Washington Post said Gore was making `` his sharpest public break with the administration . ''
the washington post said gore was making `` his sharpest public break with the [people in charge] . ''

The Clinton administration maintained that Clinton 's and Gore 's positions had not changed , saying : 1 ) the president had adopted `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' only as a compromise with a Congress unwilling to do more ; and 2 ) Gore had long opposed cutting the deal .
the clinton [people in charge] maintained that clinton 's and gore 's positions had not changed , saying : 1 ) the president had adopted `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' only as a compromise with a congress unwilling to do more ; and 2 ) gore had long opposed cutting the deal .

INS supporters countered that 1 ) the ruling was based solely on legal concerns ; and 2 ) the only blackmail was Cuban-Americans ' threats of political retribution against the Clinton administration .
ins supporters countered that 1 ) the ruling was based solely on legal concerns ; and 2 ) the only blackmail was cuban-americans ' threats of political retribution against the clinton [people in charge] .

The Clinton administration downplayed the dispute , saying 1 ) no one expected a breakthrough in the talks ' first round ; and 2 ) the difficulties show that `` the two sides [ are ] getting into the knotty issues . ''
the clinton [people in charge] downplayed the dispute , saying 1 ) no one expected a breakthrough in the talks ' first round ; and 2 ) the difficulties show that `` the two sides [ are ] getting into the knotty issues . ''

The Chvez administration countered that the press was `` contributing to the anguish and confusion `` by speculating about the damage without firm figures .
the chvez [people in charge] countered that the press was `` contributing to the anguish and confusion `` by speculating about the damage without firm figures .

The Clinton administration announced stricter auto pollution controls .
the clinton [people in charge] announced stricter auto pollution controls .

A prime example of an outmoded policy is the Clinton administration 's response to the African embassy bombings .
a prime example of an outmoded policy is the clinton [people in charge] 's response to the african embassy bombings .

Bradley : `` The reality is that the only way this is going to be solved is if you can prevent it from being a political football , like Al 's criticism of me for voting to continue discussion on a variety of options at the same time ; the administration was considering the same discussion . ''
bradley : `` the reality is that the only way this is going to be solved is if you can prevent it from being a political football , like al 's criticism of me for voting to continue discussion on a variety of options at the same time ; the [people in charge] was considering the same discussion . ''

In a report from Washington Wednesday , the paper said that next spring the Clinton administration will redouble efforts to get Congress to pass the Macau Policy Act , which will formalize American support for Macau 's freedoms , culture , and autonomy .
in a report from washington wednesday , the paper said that next spring the clinton [people in charge] will redouble efforts to get congress to pass the macau policy act , which will formalize american support for macau 's freedoms , culture , and autonomy .

The crackdown on Chechnya has swelled the popularity of Boris Yeltsin 's flailing administration , but the Russian system remains robustly pluralistic .
the crackdown on chechnya has swelled the popularity of boris yeltsin 's flailing [people in charge] , but the russian system remains robustly pluralistic .

It will fail to stop the inexcusable waste of money on the fund 's administration .
it will fail to stop the inexcusable waste of money on the fund 's [people in charge] .

Again , administration officials deflect it by contrasting it with a tougher word : `` force . ''
again , [people in charge] officials deflect it by contrasting it with a tougher word : `` force . ''

This is the administration 's code word for `` deal . ''
this is the [people in charge] 's code word for `` deal . ''

This is the administration 's favorite description .
this is the [people in charge] 's favorite description .

The administration 's spin is that `` demands '' and `` conditions '' are the opposite of `` negotiation . ''
the [people in charge] 's spin is that `` demands '' and `` conditions '' are the opposite of `` negotiation . ''

The Republican National Committee is obsessed with the topic , berating the Clinton administration weekly for failing to deploy a shield .
the republican national committee is obsessed with the topic , berating the clinton [people in charge] weekly for failing to deploy a shield .

I thought that those of us who worked on the economics side of the Nixon administration made up a civil society .
i thought that those of us who worked on the economics side of the nixon [people in charge] made up a civil society .

We had a common goal -- the success of the administration in economics -- and felt besieged by a common enemy , the media .
we had a common goal -- the success of the [people in charge] in economics -- and felt besieged by a common enemy , the media .

In the Nixon administration , John Connally was not civil in the second sense .
in the nixon [people in charge] , john connally was not civil in the second sense .

The mass media , remarkably free to report on shortcomings in election administration , have been reasonably effective in their role as watchdogs .
the mass media , remarkably free to report on shortcomings in election [people in charge] , have been reasonably effective in their role as watchdogs .

The tribe had donated more than $ 100,000 to the Democratic Party , hoping , according to testimony , that the administration would intervene on its behalf in a dispute over drilling rights on tribal land .
the tribe had donated more than $ 100,000 to the democratic party , hoping , according to testimony , that the [people in charge] would intervene on its behalf in a dispute over drilling rights on tribal land .

According to an anonymous State Department official quoted in the Washington Post , `` Madeleine Albright , more than anyone else in this administration , is driven by her own biography . ''
according to an anonymous state department official quoted in the washington post , `` madeleine albright , more than anyone else in this [people in charge] , is driven by her own biography . ''

The subject of that memo was Bosnia , and while Ambassador Albright emerged as the administration 's leading hawk on a number of fronts , arguing for intervention in Haiti and in Rwanda , she made the case for how the United States should take the lead -- by threatening and , if necessary , using force -- with special passion about the American role in the Balkans .
the subject of that memo was bosnia , and while ambassador albright emerged as the [people in charge] 's leading hawk on a number of fronts , arguing for intervention in haiti and in rwanda , she made the case for how the united states should take the lead -- by threatening and , if necessary , using force -- with special passion about the american role in the balkans .

The Bush administration 's approach to the unfolding disaster in Yugoslavia might be characterized as inaction backed up by indifference .
the bush [people in charge] 's approach to the unfolding disaster in yugoslavia might be characterized as inaction backed up by indifference .

Until last month , the Clinton administration preferred calls for action backed up by indecision .
until last month , the clinton [people in charge] preferred calls for action backed up by indecision .

Writing in the New York Review of Books , Mark Danner has argued that the administration 's predilection for tough talk , coupled with its political timidity , did much to make matters worse in Bosnia .
writing in the new york review of books , mark danner has argued that the [people in charge] 's predilection for tough talk , coupled with its political timidity , did much to make matters worse in bosnia .

Two years later , after the massacres at Srebrenica and Vukovar , the slaughter and displacement of tens of thousands more Croats and Muslims , the decimation of Sarajevo , and the Serb conquest of more territory , the administration pushed through the Dayton Accords .
two years later , after the massacres at srebrenica and vukovar , the slaughter and displacement of tens of thousands more croats and muslims , the decimation of sarajevo , and the serb conquest of more territory , the [people in charge] pushed through the dayton accords .

The administration 's failure to act effectively in Bosnia ( or in Rwanda ) ca n't be blamed entirely , or even primarily , on Albright , whose job at the time was peripheral to the making and implementing of policy .
the [people in charge] 's failure to act effectively in bosnia ( or in rwanda ) ca n't be blamed entirely , or even primarily , on albright , whose job at the time was peripheral to the making and implementing of policy .

Since then , Rubin 's cautious advice has helped ensure that the administration did nothing to screw up the prosperity .
since then , rubin 's cautious advice has helped ensure that the [people in charge] did nothing to screw up the prosperity .

His friendly relations with Greenspan -- a dramatic contrast to the Bush administration 's squabbling with the Fed -- has soothed bankers and investors .
his friendly relations with greenspan -- a dramatic contrast to the bush [people in charge] 's squabbling with the fed -- has soothed bankers and investors .

As a conservative Wall Street veteran in a White House of Democratic political operatives , Rubin brought market credibility to the Clinton administration , reassuring the New York money folks that Washington would not go loopy on them .
as a conservative wall street veteran in a white house of democratic political operatives , rubin brought market credibility to the clinton [people in charge] , reassuring the new york money folks that washington would not go loopy on them .

In a Republican administration , Rubin would be another gray suit , another dull rich guy moonlighting as a politician .
in a republican [people in charge] , rubin would be another gray suit , another dull rich guy moonlighting as a politician .

In a more democratic Democratic administration , Rubin 's wealth -- estimated at $ 125 million or more -- would have made him suspect .
in a more democratic democratic [people in charge] , rubin 's wealth -- estimated at $ 125 million or more -- would have made him suspect .

A monthlong protest by students in Berkeley 's ethnic studies department , marked by a hunger strike and 129 arrests , ended in near complete capitulation by the administration , which promised more tenure-track faculty and a research center .
a monthlong protest by students in berkeley 's ethnic studies department , marked by a hunger strike and 129 arrests , ended in near complete capitulation by the [people in charge] , which promised more tenure-track faculty and a research center .

In the leading Saudi daily Asharq al-Awsat , Huda al-Husseini said the bombing reflected the Clinton administration 's growing penchant for `` military solutions as a substitute for considered plans to impose peace and protect people from massacres . ''
in the leading saudi daily asharq al-awsat , huda al-husseini said the bombing reflected the clinton [people in charge] 's growing penchant for `` military solutions as a substitute for considered plans to impose peace and protect people from massacres . ''

As veeps Nixon and LBJ were administration outsiders , but Al Gore is a `` Principal '' who enjoys Cabinet-level authority and has weekly one-on-ones with the president .
as veeps nixon and lbj were [people in charge] outsiders , but al gore is a `` principal '' who enjoys cabinet-level authority and has weekly one-on-ones with the president .

The latest consensus from Littleton is that rage directed at student athletes and their perceived protectors , the school administration , drove Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold to meticulously prepare and then execute the killings .
the latest consensus from littleton is that rage directed at student athletes and their perceived protectors , the school [people in charge] , drove eric harris and dylan klebold to meticulously prepare and then execute the killings .

A recent Pew Research Center survey found that the vast majority of Americans are sick of the Clinton administration scandals , and they are taking out their frustration on Gore .
a recent pew research center survey found that the vast majority of americans are sick of the clinton [people in charge] scandals , and they are taking out their frustration on gore .

The pink bellies , the short-sheeting , the midnight deliveries of two dozen pizzas he did n't even order -- had any of these actually been mentioned in Boutros-Ghali 's book they too would have been part of Clinton 's plan to deny him a second term as secretary-general during Clinton 's own 1996 campaign , out of fear for Bob Dole , who was accusing the administration of cooperation with international bodies .
the pink bellies , the short-sheeting , the midnight deliveries of two dozen pizzas he did n't even order -- had any of these actually been mentioned in boutros-ghali 's book they too would have been part of clinton 's plan to deny him a second term as secretary-general during clinton 's own 1996 campaign , out of fear for bob dole , who was accusing the [people in charge] of cooperation with international bodies .

The newsweeklies slam the Clinton administration 's Kosovo policy .
the newsweeklies slam the clinton [people in charge] 's kosovo policy .

Newsweek lambastes the president for `` diplomatic errors and missed opportunities '' : Security advisers originally told the administration to offer President Slobodan Milosevic a face-saving compromise ; when action became inevitable , they recommended strengthening NATO 's military threat ; finally , as airstrikes began , they urged planning for the refugee crisis sure to come .
newsweek lambastes the president for `` diplomatic errors and missed opportunities '' : security advisers originally told the [people in charge] to offer president slobodan milosevic a face-saving compromise ; when action became inevitable , they recommended strengthening nato 's military threat ; finally , as airstrikes began , they urged planning for the refugee crisis sure to come .

The New York Times reported that the Pentagon had warned the administration that `` Milosevic was likely to strike out viciously against Kosovo Albanians . ''
the new york times reported that the pentagon had warned the [people in charge] that `` milosevic was likely to strike out viciously against kosovo albanians . ''

The gist of the leaks : The Joint Chiefs knew this would happen , they told the administration this would happen , so do n't blame them .
the gist of the leaks : the joint chiefs knew this would happen , they told the [people in charge] this would happen , so do n't blame them .

There is nothing wrong with the Joint Chiefs warning the administration privately that bombing was folly .
there is nothing wrong with the joint chiefs warning the [people in charge] privately that bombing was folly .

In fact , it would be derelict for the generals not to warn the administration of that .
in fact , it would be derelict for the generals not to warn the [people in charge] of that .

The principal reason the leaks are troubling is not that they sabotage the relationship between the administration and the Pentagon ; that relationship is always shaky .
the principal reason the leaks are troubling is not that they sabotage the relationship between the [people in charge] and the pentagon ; that relationship is always shaky .

The Clinton administration 's spin : Do n't worry , Russia will continue to reform its economy and play a `` constructive role '' in Kosovo .
the clinton [people in charge] 's spin : do n't worry , russia will continue to reform its economy and play a `` constructive role '' in kosovo .

When I was in the Nixon administration , we were all very buttoned-down during the week .
when i was in the nixon [people in charge] , we were all very buttoned-down during the week .

He procrastinated because there were reservations within his own party and administration about the wisdom of humanitarian intervention .
he procrastinated because there were reservations within his own party and [people in charge] about the wisdom of humanitarian intervention .

Why the study will be useful : It will give Al Gore a reply to Republican accusations that the administration is soft on Hollywood .
why the study will be useful : it will give al gore a reply to republican accusations that the [people in charge] is soft on hollywood .

Today the Clinton administration is doing with China just what the Reagan-Bush administration did with Iraq .
today the clinton [people in charge] is doing with china just what the reagan-bush [people in charge] did with iraq .

This administration , just like its predecessors , wants people to look the other way , so it can downplay the story in the media and give implausible explanations for why a top level spy who provided nuclear munitions information to a hostile country should be fired from his job instead of being brought to trial !
this [people in charge] , just like its predecessors , wants people to look the other way , so it can downplay the story in the media and give implausible explanations for why a top level spy who provided nuclear munitions information to a hostile country should be fired from his job instead of being brought to trial !

The university administration wants to reduce the number of required courses in the humanities , sciences , and social sciences from 21 to 15 and to remove a longstanding foreign language requirement .
the university [people in charge] wants to reduce the number of required courses in the humanities , sciences , and social sciences from 21 to 15 and to remove a longstanding foreign language requirement .

As for Chicago not being as selective as its Ivy League rivals are , the administration should quit worrying about it .
as for chicago not being as selective as its ivy league rivals are , the [people in charge] should quit worrying about it .

Maryland was the first state to require community service from its high-school students , following the Clinton administration 's emphasis on public service in the early '90s .
maryland was the first state to require community service from its high-school students , following the clinton [people in charge] 's emphasis on public service in the early '90s .

The administration has brushed off the charges with the same deft techniques -- the dodge , the denial , and the claim of irrelevancy -- that characterized its handling of Flytrap .
the [people in charge] has brushed off the charges with the same deft techniques -- the dodge , the denial , and the claim of irrelevancy -- that characterized its handling of flytrap .

Sen. Tim Hutchinson , R-Ark. , calls the case `` symptomatic of the casual attitude with which the Clinton administration views issues of national security . ''
sen. tim hutchinson , r-ark. , calls the case `` symptomatic of the casual attitude with which the clinton [people in charge] views issues of national security . ''

However , administration officials have held out the possibility that U.S. soldiers would be sent into a `` permissive environment . ''
however , [people in charge] officials have held out the possibility that u.s. soldiers would be sent into a `` permissive environment . ''

Once Clinton ruled out an `` enclave , '' anonymous senior administration officials came up with a new phrase for the NATO-guarded territory to which the Kosovars would return : an `` international protectorate . ''
once clinton ruled out an `` enclave , '' anonymous senior [people in charge] officials came up with a new phrase for the nato-guarded territory to which the kosovars would return : an `` international protectorate . ''

Not that Holbrooke will be taking office any time soon : Sen. Jesse Helms , R-N.C. , refuses to schedule a confirmation hearing for him till the administration agrees to Helms ' U.N. reform package .
not that holbrooke will be taking office any time soon : sen. jesse helms , r-n.c. , refuses to schedule a confirmation hearing for him till the [people in charge] agrees to helms ' u.n. reform package .

The administration is overflowing with unconfirmed `` acting '' officials .
the [people in charge] is overflowing with unconfirmed `` acting '' officials .

The administration will find a China envoy .
the [people in charge] will find a china envoy .

In a countermove to superjumbo fat jokes , the Food and Drug Administration has approved Hoffman-LaRoche 's orlistat , the first in a new class of anti-obesity drugs that block the body 's absorption of dietary fat .
in a countermove to superjumbo fat jokes , the food and drug [people in charge] has approved hoffman-laroche 's orlistat , the first in a new class of anti-obesity drugs that block the body 's absorption of dietary fat .

Bradley believes Gore is compromised by his association with administration scandals .
bradley believes gore is compromised by his association with [people in charge] scandals .

The editors eviscerate the Clinton administration 's China policy and mock the notion of a strategic partnership with Beijing : `` Presumably , if we do n't engage this landmass , it will fall on us . ''
the editors eviscerate the clinton [people in charge] 's china policy and mock the notion of a strategic partnership with beijing : `` presumably , if we do n't engage this landmass , it will fall on us . ''

According to a report from Washington Wednesday in the Jerusalem Post , the Clinton administration is `` quietly euphoric '' about the election of Labor Party leader Ehud Barak as the new prime minister of Israel .
according to a report from washington wednesday in the jerusalem post , the clinton [people in charge] is `` quietly euphoric '' about the election of labor party leader ehud barak as the new prime minister of israel .

Quoting `` a senior official in the Clinton administration , '' the Guardian of London claimed Monday in its main front-page story that the Pentagon is pushing for a ground attack on Yugoslavia to overthrow President Slobodan Milosevic .
quoting `` a senior official in the clinton [people in charge] , '' the guardian of london claimed monday in its main front-page story that the pentagon is pushing for a ground attack on yugoslavia to overthrow president slobodan milosevic .

The Clinton administration is `` briefing '' and `` consulting '' with Congress about the mission but will not seek congressional approval .
the clinton [people in charge] is `` briefing '' and `` consulting '' with congress about the mission but will not seek congressional approval .

The administration insists that it does not need such approval : `` Ample constitutional precedent '' ( Bosnia , Somalia , Haiti ) proves that the commander in chief can conduct such forceful operations without a congressional say-so .
the [people in charge] insists that it does not need such approval : `` ample constitutional precedent '' ( bosnia , somalia , haiti ) proves that the commander in chief can conduct such forceful operations without a congressional say-so .

The Iraq bombing has been going on for two months , and the administration has not signaled any willingness to abide by the War Powers Resolution .
the iraq bombing has been going on for two months , and the [people in charge] has not signaled any willingness to abide by the war powers resolution .

The Kosovo engagement is scheduled for three years , but the administration has no intention of ever putting it to congressional vote .
the kosovo engagement is scheduled for three years , but the [people in charge] has no intention of ever putting it to congressional vote .

Far , Campbell and Frank have enlisted only 34 co-signers , and the administration shows no signs of paying attention .
far , campbell and frank have enlisted only 34 co-signers , and the [people in charge] shows no signs of paying attention .

You can see why the administration would n't listen .
you can see why the [people in charge] would n't listen .

George F. Will is stuck in Reagan 's first term ( though he tries to convince us that he 's stuck in the Madison administration ) .
george f. will is stuck in reagan 's first term ( though he tries to convince us that he 's stuck in the madison [people in charge] ) .

While she will no doubt be splendid on their millennial campaign , it 's hard to see how her intemperate wit will find adequate targets in either a Gore Jr. or a W. Bush administration .
while she will no doubt be splendid on their millennial campaign , it 's hard to see how her intemperate wit will find adequate targets in either a gore jr. or a w. bush [people in charge] .

Neither Linda Tripp nor I nor the handful of dedicated Americans who made up the truth-tellers of Hillary 's Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy will ever be elected president and proclaim that theirs will be the most ethical administration in history .
neither linda tripp nor i nor the handful of dedicated americans who made up the truth-tellers of hillary 's vast right-wing conspiracy will ever be elected president and proclaim that theirs will be the most ethical [people in charge] in history .

Last month the sister publications were bought for $ 300 million by an investment group headed by former Clinton administration Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger Altman .
last month the sister publications were bought for $ 300 million by an investment group headed by former clinton [people in charge] deputy treasury secretary roger altman .

Despite his Reagan administration pedigree , Lindsey ardently supports government assistance to the underprivileged .
despite his reagan [people in charge] pedigree , lindsey ardently supports government assistance to the underprivileged .

While doing everything they can to hamstring the American administration 's ability to wage the war , they argue that the war can never be won , that the administration 's claims to the contrary are lies , and that the United States should trim its absurd demands and bug out with whatever face-saving deal it can get .
while doing everything they can to hamstring the american [people in charge] 's ability to wage the war , they argue that the war can never be won , that the [people in charge] 's claims to the contrary are lies , and that the united states should trim its absurd demands and bug out with whatever face-saving deal it can get .

When asked whether `` the administration ought to insist '' that these requirements `` be met '' as a condition of negotiation , DeLay twice ducked the question .
when asked whether `` the [people in charge] ought to insist '' that these requirements `` be met '' as a condition of negotiation , delay twice ducked the question .

Nickles discounted the administration 's demand that Yugoslavia halt its ethnic cleansing in order to halt NATO 's bombardment : `` Secretary Cohen says , 'Well , Mr. Milosevic has to do all these things , then we 'll stop the bombing . '
nickles discounted the [people in charge] 's demand that yugoslavia halt its ethnic cleansing in order to halt nato 's bombardment : `` secretary cohen says , 'well , mr. milosevic has to do all these things , then we 'll stop the bombing . '

Since NATO began bombing Yugoslavia a month ago , American hawks and doves have agreed on one thing : NATO and the Clinton administration have `` miscalculated . ''
since nato began bombing yugoslavia a month ago , american hawks and doves have agreed on one thing : nato and the clinton [people in charge] have `` miscalculated . ''

A party for NATO 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but administration officials acknowledged that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the National Security Council 's Don Blander :
a party for nato 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but [people in charge] officials acknowledged that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the national security council 's don blander :

It 's not surprising that the Clinton administration just announced its opposition to the renewal of the independent counsel statute .
it 's not surprising that the clinton [people in charge] just announced its opposition to the renewal of the independent counsel statute .

The administration believes that the president and his top advisers should not be subjected to the kind of endless , borderless , remorseless investigation that Kenneth Starr has inflicted on Clinton .
the [people in charge] believes that the president and his top advisers should not be subjected to the kind of endless , borderless , remorseless investigation that kenneth starr has inflicted on clinton .

Since the scandal , the administration has been no less enthusiastic about lawsuits .
since the scandal , the [people in charge] has been no less enthusiastic about lawsuits .

The administration continues to push a `` patient 's bill of rights '' that would guarantee the right to sue your HMO .
the [people in charge] continues to push a `` patient 's bill of rights '' that would guarantee the right to sue your hmo .

The administration is lending tacit support to cities suing gun manufacturers , a backdoor way to have the courts make gun policy without going through Congress .
the [people in charge] is lending tacit support to cities suing gun manufacturers , a backdoor way to have the courts make gun policy without going through congress .

In Britain , the conservative tabloid the Daily Mail called on NATO `` to strike relentlessly and hard '' ; the conservative Daily Telegraph said the alliance should `` be prepared to conduct an extended bombing campaign to be followed , as in Bosnia , by the introduction of ground forces '' ; and the London Evening Standard said it was essential for `` all the states involved -- including the notoriously short-sighted American administration -- to recognise that they must now commit themselves to the long haul , ground troops and all . ''
in britain , the conservative tabloid the daily mail called on nato `` to strike relentlessly and hard '' ; the conservative daily telegraph said the alliance should `` be prepared to conduct an extended bombing campaign to be followed , as in bosnia , by the introduction of ground forces '' ; and the london evening standard said it was essential for `` all the states involved -- including the notoriously short-sighted american [people in charge] -- to recognise that they must now commit themselves to the long haul , ground troops and all . ''

By 1958 , the Sputnik-shaken Eisenhower administration had made science and math a top priority in schools -- one reason why science fairs had so much funding and national attention .
by 1958 , the sputnik-shaken eisenhower [people in charge] had made science and math a top priority in schools -- one reason why science fairs had so much funding and national attention .

Republicans and the media demand to know why U.S. security was lax and why the Clinton administration did n't recognize , admit , or aggressively investigate the problem when the first signs of trouble appeared in 1995 .
republicans and the media demand to know why u.s. security was lax and why the clinton [people in charge] did n't recognize , admit , or aggressively investigate the problem when the first signs of trouble appeared in 1995 .

Torricelli is already working on this script , saying Clinton `` would make very clear that she supports this peace process ... from the perspective of an administration that has probably been more helpful to Israel and its security than any president in American history . ''
torricelli is already working on this script , saying clinton `` would make very clear that she supports this peace process ... from the perspective of an [people in charge] that has probably been more helpful to israel and its security than any president in american history . ''

A party for NATO 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but administration officials acknowledged that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the NSA 's Don Blander .
a party for nato 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but [people in charge] officials acknowledged that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the nsa 's don blander .

Hot Hundred pop charts , since otherwise `` it would have marked ( on the authority of the Wall Street Journal , no less ) the first time since the Kennedy administration that the UK record industry did n't have a single record in the top 100 US best sellers . ''
hot hundred pop charts , since otherwise `` it would have marked ( on the authority of the wall street journal , no less ) the first time since the kennedy [people in charge] that the uk record industry did n't have a single record in the top 100 us best sellers . ''

Do n't go to East Lansing , Mich. Michigan State University 's Movimiento Estudantil Xicano de Aztlan ( Chicano Student Movement ) took 4,500 university library books hostage for a day and presented the administration with a list of demands that included asking the university to inaugurate a Hispanic studies major , hire more Hispanic faculty , introduce dormitory `` culture rooms '' devoted to Latino themes , and name a building after Cesar Chavez .
do n't go to east lansing , mich. michigan state university 's movimiento estudantil xicano de aztlan ( chicano student movement ) took 4,500 university library books hostage for a day and presented the [people in charge] with a list of demands that included asking the university to inaugurate a hispanic studies major , hire more hispanic faculty , introduce dormitory `` culture rooms '' devoted to latino themes , and name a building after cesar chavez .

The college administration , citing gender equality law , told Daly to admit the male students or stop teaching .
the college [people in charge] , citing gender equality law , told daly to admit the male students or stop teaching .

Alcohol is the leading cause of traffic fatalities , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , contributing to more than 16,000 deaths each year , making up 30 percent of all fatalities on the road .
alcohol is the leading cause of traffic fatalities , according to the national highway traffic safety [people in charge] , contributing to more than 16,000 deaths each year , making up 30 percent of all fatalities on the road .

In the absence of other federal law enforcement agencies -- there was no FBI until 1908 -- the service over time took on new jobs : combating the terrorist acts of the Ku Klux Klan , which had sprung up in the Reconstruction South ; conducting espionage during the Spanish-American War and World War I ; investigating the Harding administration 's Teapot Dome scandal ; and helping to apprehend the gangster Al Capone for tax fraud .
in the absence of other federal law enforcement agencies -- there was no fbi until 1908 -- the service over time took on new jobs : combating the terrorist acts of the ku klux klan , which had sprung up in the reconstruction south ; conducting espionage during the spanish-american war and world war i ; investigating the harding [people in charge] 's teapot dome scandal ; and helping to apprehend the gangster al capone for tax fraud .

Another says he ordered last week 's crackdown only after he received the implicit green light from the Clinton administration 's special envoy to Yugoslavia , Robert Gelbard .
another says he ordered last week 's crackdown only after he received the implicit green light from the clinton [people in charge] 's special envoy to yugoslavia , robert gelbard .

The Clinton administration has tried to play it both ways on Kosovo .
the clinton [people in charge] has tried to play it both ways on kosovo .

The Clinton administration has not officially taken a position on the civil war .
the clinton [people in charge] has not officially taken a position on the civil war .

The Clinton administration favors expanding NATO , but has been criticized for insufficient enthusiasm .
the clinton [people in charge] favors expanding nato , but has been criticized for insufficient enthusiasm .

Henry Kissinger has said that `` ambivalence has produced an inconsistency between the administration 's statements of its objectives and the leisurely way it pursues them . ''
henry kissinger has said that `` ambivalence has produced an inconsistency between the [people in charge] 's statements of its objectives and the leisurely way it pursues them . ''

Others say the Clinton administration is `` barreling '' toward expansion , in reckless disregard of the attendant risks and drawbacks .
others say the clinton [people in charge] is `` barreling '' toward expansion , in reckless disregard of the attendant risks and drawbacks .

The Bush administration , however , granted waivers to the sanctions that soon put most of the contracts back on track .
the bush [people in charge] , however , granted waivers to the sanctions that soon put most of the contracts back on track .

No application for a waiver has ever been denied -- by any administration .
no application for a waiver has ever been denied -- by any [people in charge] .

Last month , before this scandal broke , Clinton aides told the Christian Science Monitor that they hoped that the administration would soon eliminate these sanctions altogether .
last month , before this scandal broke , clinton aides told the christian science monitor that they hoped that the [people in charge] would soon eliminate these sanctions altogether .

When the Reagan administration began authorizing commercial space launches in the mid-'80s , American aerospace companies , which typically collaborated on massive government projects , were n't equipped to build entire rockets for commercial use .
when the reagan [people in charge] began authorizing commercial space launches in the mid-'80s , american aerospace companies , which typically collaborated on massive government projects , were n't equipped to build entire rockets for commercial use .

The Clinton administration considers the risks of technology transfers negligible .
the clinton [people in charge] considers the risks of technology transfers negligible .

In January 1993 , the Bush administration launched cruise missiles at Baghdad to force compliance .
in january 1993 , the bush [people in charge] launched cruise missiles at baghdad to force compliance .

Like an old party boss -- and he is an old party boss -- Yeltsin purges his administration regularly .
like an old party boss -- and he is an old party boss -- yeltsin purges his [people in charge] regularly .

The Clinton administration responds that the risks of a Russian collapse are too high ( including the spread of contagion to eastern Europe and Russians resorting to black market sales of nuclear weapons ) and failing to provide IMF support would be analogous to canceling insurance while the patient is sick .
the clinton [people in charge] responds that the risks of a russian collapse are too high ( including the spread of contagion to eastern europe and russians resorting to black market sales of nuclear weapons ) and failing to provide imf support would be analogous to canceling insurance while the patient is sick .

This is a big area of concern for the administration , since the United States exports $ 40 billion in services annually , including software , entertainment and information products , and professional services .
this is a big area of concern for the [people in charge] , since the united states exports $ 40 billion in services annually , including software , entertainment and information products , and professional services .

The Clinton administration 's position is that the Internet should be a federal duty-free zone .
the clinton [people in charge] 's position is that the internet should be a federal duty-free zone .

The bill also calls on the administration to develop a comprehensive plan to address the issue , and to seek bilateral and multilateral trade agreements that make all Internet activity internationally free of taxes , tariffs , and trade barriers .
the bill also calls on the [people in charge] to develop a comprehensive plan to address the issue , and to seek bilateral and multilateral trade agreements that make all internet activity internationally free of taxes , tariffs , and trade barriers .

The administration is already working with the World Trade Organization and other international trade groups on uniform rules for taxation of electronic commerce .
the [people in charge] is already working with the world trade organization and other international trade groups on uniform rules for taxation of electronic commerce .

The Laborers ' ties to the mob have been studied often , most recently in a Justice Department investigation begun during the Bush administration .
the laborers ' ties to the mob have been studied often , most recently in a justice department investigation begun during the bush [people in charge] .

All these increases began during the third or fourth year of the Bush administration .
all these increases began during the third or fourth year of the bush [people in charge] .

The Bush administration opposed federal funding of needle-exchange programs : The Clinton administration has continued that policy .
the bush [people in charge] opposed federal funding of needle-exchange programs : the clinton [people in charge] has continued that policy .

The administration cut spending for interdiction and international supply reduction from $ 2 billion in 1993 to $ 1.6 billion in 1995 .
the [people in charge] cut spending for interdiction and international supply reduction from $ 2 billion in 1993 to $ 1.6 billion in 1995 .

The Clinton administration has had the same success ( or lack of it ) interdicting drugs as its predecessors .
the clinton [people in charge] has had the same success ( or lack of it ) interdicting drugs as its predecessors .

In 1983 , the Reagan administration beat back a FACA suit to make public the meetings of an advisory panel of CEOs .
in 1983 , the reagan [people in charge] beat back a faca suit to make public the meetings of an advisory panel of ceos .

In 1994 , the Clinton administration abandoned the health-care initiative and released all documents from the working group .
in 1994 , the clinton [people in charge] abandoned the health-care initiative and released all documents from the working group .

Proponents of the treaty , including the Clinton administration , worry that Helms ' delaying tactics will shut the United States out of critical decisions about chemical arms control .
proponents of the treaty , including the clinton [people in charge] , worry that helms ' delaying tactics will shut the united states out of critical decisions about chemical arms control .

Images from the Gulf War of U.S. troops and TV correspondents donning gas masks spurred the Bush administration to complete negotiations of the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in 1991 .
images from the gulf war of u.s. troops and tv correspondents donning gas masks spurred the bush [people in charge] to complete negotiations of the chemical weapons convention ( cwc ) in 1991 .

To allay concerns about any loss in deterrence , the Clinton administration has said that the United States will respond to any use of chemical weapons with an `` overwhelming and devastating '' attack .
to allay concerns about any loss in deterrence , the clinton [people in charge] has said that the united states will respond to any use of chemical weapons with an `` overwhelming and devastating '' attack .

According to the Washington Post , administration sources say this is a coded way of threatening a nuclear response .
according to the washington post , [people in charge] sources say this is a coded way of threatening a nuclear response .

Because a ban can be easily circumvented ( chemical weapons can be produced from everyday products without elaborate facilities ) , the treaty installs a sweeping verification program , originally proposed during the Reagan administration by Vice President George Bush .
because a ban can be easily circumvented ( chemical weapons can be produced from everyday products without elaborate facilities ) , the treaty installs a sweeping verification program , originally proposed during the reagan [people in charge] by vice president george bush .

The routine random inspections used by U.S. government agencies such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency are almost exactly like those planned under the CWC , and these have been found constitutional .
the routine random inspections used by u.s. government agencies such as the occupational safety and health [people in charge] and the environmental protection agency are almost exactly like those planned under the cwc , and these have been found constitutional .

Under the plan , an interim government organized by the PLO was established to assume control of internal security and civil administration -- education , garbage collection , etc .
under the plan , an interim government organized by the plo was established to assume control of internal security and civil [people in charge] -- education , garbage collection , etc .

Meanwhile , as part of a dizzying parade of allergy remedies , the Food and Drug Administration has recently approved the over-the-counter sale of cromolyn sodium , a nasal spray trumpeted as the most effective nonprescription allergy combatant .
meanwhile , as part of a dizzying parade of allergy remedies , the food and drug [people in charge] has recently approved the over-the-counter sale of cromolyn sodium , a nasal spray trumpeted as the most effective nonprescription allergy combatant .

Prior to the Clinton administration , the United States consistently opposed the idea because it worried that the country 's leaders would be tried for the bombing of Hiroshima and its 1986 attacks on civilian targets in Tripoli , Libya .
prior to the clinton [people in charge] , the united states consistently opposed the idea because it worried that the country 's leaders would be tried for the bombing of hiroshima and its 1986 attacks on civilian targets in tripoli , libya .

A bipartisan , independent federal agency will supervise the drafting and administration of the tests .
a bipartisan , independent federal agency will supervise the drafting and [people in charge] of the tests .

The Bush administration 's plan was more comprehensive .
the bush [people in charge] 's plan was more comprehensive .

The presidency can not be separated from politics , but the political uses of the presidency by the Clinton administration strike many people as abusive .
the presidency can not be separated from politics , but the political uses of the presidency by the clinton [people in charge] strike many people as abusive .

The Clinton administration imposed additional Hatch-like regulations on itself .
the clinton [people in charge] imposed additional hatch-like regulations on itself .

Alexis Herman , who was in charge of White House `` public liaison , '' is the only member of the Clinton administration now under investigation for violation of the Hatch Act .
alexis herman , who was in charge of white house `` public liaison , '' is the only member of the clinton [people in charge] now under investigation for violation of the hatch act .

Republicans point out that , unlike Herman and George Stephanopoulos , Reagan and Bush aides ( such as James Baker and Robert Teeter ) resigned from the administration to work on re-election campaigns .
republicans point out that , unlike herman and george stephanopoulos , reagan and bush aides ( such as james baker and robert teeter ) resigned from the [people in charge] to work on re-election campaigns .

Legal questions are also raised by allegations that the administration granted access to the White House to elicit donations .
legal questions are also raised by allegations that the [people in charge] granted access to the white house to elicit donations .

Even if the attendees were never explicitly asked to open their checkbooks on these visits , the administration 's intention was obvious .
even if the attendees were never explicitly asked to open their checkbooks on these visits , the [people in charge] 's intention was obvious .

Eleven out of 249 $ 100,000-plus donors to the Republican National Committee received ambassadorships from the Bush administration .
eleven out of 249 $ 100,000-plus donors to the republican national committee received ambassadorships from the bush [people in charge] .

Many of the members had matters pending before the administration .
many of the members had matters pending before the [people in charge] .

Over the last three years , 44 states have begun reforming their welfare programs using `` waivers '' from the Clinton administration .
over the last three years , 44 states have begun reforming their welfare programs using `` waivers '' from the clinton [people in charge] .

Far , however , the Clinton administration has insisted that there be some sort of protection for long-term recipients .
far , however , the clinton [people in charge] has insisted that there be some sort of protection for long-term recipients .

The Clinton administration , civil libertarians , and the computer industry are enmeshed in a controversy over cryptography policy .
the clinton [people in charge] , civil libertarians , and the computer industry are enmeshed in a controversy over cryptography policy .

The Clinton administration 's cryptography stand reflects the strong law-and-order views of the FBI and Justice Department .
the clinton [people in charge] 's cryptography stand reflects the strong law-and-order views of the fbi and justice department .

Since 1993 , the administration has been using export restrictions as leverage to encourage American companies to adopt a standard with a `` backdoor `` -- a route of entry for an outsider , such as the U.S. government , to recover encrypted data .
since 1993 , the [people in charge] has been using export restrictions as leverage to encourage american companies to adopt a standard with a `` backdoor `` -- a route of entry for an outsider , such as the u.s. government , to recover encrypted data .

The administration 's efforts to establish a standard have failed .
the [people in charge] 's efforts to establish a standard have failed .

In April 1993 , the administration said it would lift export restrictions on companies that use the Clipper Chip .
in april 1993 , the [people in charge] said it would lift export restrictions on companies that use the clipper chip .

In 1995 , the administration substituted `` key escrow `` for the Clipper Chip .
in 1995 , the [people in charge] substituted `` key escrow `` for the clipper chip .

In a case of role reversal , the Democratic administration 's law-and-order stance has been matched by the Republicans ' rediscovery of civil liberties .
in a case of role reversal , the democratic [people in charge] 's law-and-order stance has been matched by the republicans ' rediscovery of civil liberties .

This political pressure forced the Clinton administration to propose a compromise last week .
this political pressure forced the clinton [people in charge] to propose a compromise last week .

At the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence administration China policy .
at the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence [people in charge] china policy .

It does n't have to pay local , state , or federal taxes ; it 's exempt from Occupational Safety and Health Administration laws , zoning regulations , and antitrust accountability ; and it enjoys cheap credit from the U.S. government .
it does n't have to pay local , state , or federal taxes ; it 's exempt from occupational safety and health [people in charge] laws , zoning regulations , and antitrust accountability ; and it enjoys cheap credit from the u.s. government .

Another favorite Republican cause is the Small Business Administration , which exists to make loans to companies that banks deem nonviable .
another favorite republican cause is the small business [people in charge] , which exists to make loans to companies that banks deem nonviable .

Fifteen DNC staff members went with him to Commerce , and they knew who the new administration 's friends were .
fifteen dnc staff members went with him to commerce , and they knew who the new [people in charge] 's friends were .

When he left the Lippo Group in 1994 , Huang became a deputy assistant secretary in the International Trade Administration , the section of the Commerce Department that handles trade issues .
when he left the lippo group in 1994 , huang became a deputy assistant secretary in the international trade [people in charge] , the section of the commerce department that handles trade issues .

The Clinton administration clings to the evasion enshrined by Justice Lewis Powell in the Bakke case : `` Rigid '' numerical quotas are unfair and discriminatory , while `` flexible '' goals are not .
the clinton [people in charge] clings to the evasion enshrined by justice lewis powell in the bakke case : `` rigid '' numerical quotas are unfair and discriminatory , while `` flexible '' goals are not .

The administration 's explicit strategy for saving affirmative action is to rally women in its defense .
the [people in charge] 's explicit strategy for saving affirmative action is to rally women in its defense .

Thus new Small Business Administration regulations intended to make it easier for white women to compete for loans .
thus new small business [people in charge] regulations intended to make it easier for white women to compete for loans .

The basic logic of this institution is : An administration should not be trusted to investigate itself .
the basic logic of this institution is : an [people in charge] should not be trusted to investigate itself .

Nothing in our experience since the office was institutionalized two decades ago -- either abuses by individual special prosecutors ( of which there have been some ) or fair and honest Justice Department investigations of administration officials ( of which there also have been some ) undermines this basic logic .
nothing in our experience since the office was institutionalized two decades ago -- either abuses by individual special prosecutors ( of which there have been some ) or fair and honest justice department investigations of [people in charge] officials ( of which there also have been some ) undermines this basic logic .

Unless the political culture changes drastically , there will always be one or more independent prosecutors investigating the administration of the day and/or past administrations , anyway .
unless the political culture changes drastically , there will always be one or more independent prosecutors investigating the [people in charge] of the day and/or past administrations , anyway .

The last politician to propose making driving more expensive was Al Gore , who fought to include a small energy tax -- which would have included gasoline -- in the Clinton administration 's 1993 economic plan .
the last politician to propose making driving more expensive was al gore , who fought to include a small energy tax -- which would have included gasoline -- in the clinton [people in charge] 's 1993 economic plan .

Most of what 's left goes to arts administration and arts education .
most of what 's left goes to arts [people in charge] and arts education .

Bill Bennett said a few days ago that a second Clinton term could produce `` something like we went through in the Watergate era , '' adding , `` I believe this administration is one of the most corrupt in recent American history . ''
bill bennett said a few days ago that a second clinton term could produce `` something like we went through in the watergate era , '' adding , `` i believe this [people in charge] is one of the most corrupt in recent american history . ''

In the last week , Dole and his surrogates have focused on two new issues that purport to embody the flawed ethics of the administration .
in the last week , dole and his surrogates have focused on two new issues that purport to embody the flawed ethics of the [people in charge] .

Dole 's campaign manager , Scott Reed , used the same weaselly language when he issued a statement attacking the `` administration 's potentially criminal actions in squeezing money out of the Indonesian Lippo conglomerate , '' going on to ask the president , `` Why have you used U.S. foreign policy in Indonesia as a fund-raising tool to help secure illegal campaign contributions from a foreigner ? ''
dole 's campaign manager , scott reed , used the same weaselly language when he issued a statement attacking the `` [people in charge] 's potentially criminal actions in squeezing money out of the indonesian lippo conglomerate , '' going on to ask the president , `` why have you used u.s. foreign policy in indonesia as a fund-raising tool to help secure illegal campaign contributions from a foreigner ? ''

Dole himself then scored the administration for failing to answer this and other when-did-you-stop-beating-your-wife questions .
dole himself then scored the [people in charge] for failing to answer this and other when-did-you-stop-beating-your-wife questions .

Likewise in 1992 , he applauded the Bush administration 's lame-duck pardons of Caspar Weinberger , Elliott Abrams , et al .
likewise in 1992 , he applauded the bush [people in charge] 's lame-duck pardons of caspar weinberger , elliott abrams , et al .

The administration is developing a plan that is likely to combine reduced payments to doctors and hospitals with a proposal to shift the costs for home-health care out of the Medicare trust-fund account .
the [people in charge] is developing a plan that is likely to combine reduced payments to doctors and hospitals with a proposal to shift the costs for home-health care out of the medicare trust-fund account .

In 1985 , the judiciary committee prevented Reynolds from moving up at Justice because of the Reagan administration 's position -- which Reynolds endorsed -- that Bob Jones University , which forbade ( and continues to forbid ) interracial dating , should be allowed to keep its tax-exempt status .
in 1985 , the judiciary committee prevented reynolds from moving up at justice because of the reagan [people in charge] 's position -- which reynolds endorsed -- that bob jones university , which forbade ( and continues to forbid ) interracial dating , should be allowed to keep its tax-exempt status .

In Lee 's case , however , Hatch says he 's opposing a qualified nominee simply to draw the line on an administration position he disagrees with .
in lee 's case , however , hatch says he 's opposing a qualified nominee simply to draw the line on an [people in charge] position he disagrees with .

As long as it is , there wo n't be any point person to answer for administration policies , or to the public .
as long as it is , there wo n't be any point person to answer for [people in charge] policies , or to the public .

At the Republican convention , Dole blasted the Clinton administration as a `` corps of the elite who never grew up , never did anything real , never sacrificed , never suffered , and never learned . ''
at the republican convention , dole blasted the clinton [people in charge] as a `` corps of the elite who never grew up , never did anything real , never sacrificed , never suffered , and never learned . ''

In that piece , William Bennett and John Walters , Bennett 's deputy drug czar during the Bush administration , argued that the will of the people must be overridden .
in that piece , william bennett and john walters , bennett 's deputy drug czar during the bush [people in charge] , argued that the will of the people must be overridden .

The authors recommended that the federal government invoke an obscure provision of the Controlled Substances Act of 1917 to revoke the licenses of doctors who dare to act on Proposition 215 , and that the Drug Enforcement Administration ignore state authorities and `` use its power '' to `` move unilaterally '' against pro-pot doctors .
the authors recommended that the federal government invoke an obscure provision of the controlled substances act of 1917 to revoke the licenses of doctors who dare to act on proposition 215 , and that the drug enforcement [people in charge] ignore state authorities and `` use its power '' to `` move unilaterally '' against pro-pot doctors .

This meant , for instance , that they did n't just defend Reagan administration officials , like Ed Meese , who were accused of wrongdoing .
this meant , for instance , that they did n't just defend reagan [people in charge] officials , like ed meese , who were accused of wrongdoing .

George Bush did the same when the House Banking Committee got interested in his administration 's relationship with Iraq before the Gulf War .
george bush did the same when the house banking committee got interested in his [people in charge] 's relationship with iraq before the gulf war .

In the 1980s , Democrats on the Intelligence Committee were always complaining that the Reagan administration had failed to tell them it was mining Nicaragua 's harbors , arming the Contras , and so on .
in the 1980s , democrats on the intelligence committee were always complaining that the reagan [people in charge] had failed to tell them it was mining nicaragua 's harbors , arming the contras , and so on .

It is Republicans who are apoplectic about a much less compelling incident , the Clinton administration 's failure to relay its knowledge that Iran was secretly arming the Bosnian Muslims .
it is republicans who are apoplectic about a much less compelling incident , the clinton [people in charge] 's failure to relay its knowledge that iran was secretly arming the bosnian muslims .

Democrats have admitted their mistake ; Lake and outgoing CIA Director John Deutsch have both said the administration should have told Congress about the Iranian arms sales , even though the United States was n't behind them .
democrats have admitted their mistake ; lake and outgoing cia director john deutsch have both said the [people in charge] should have told congress about the iranian arms sales , even though the united states was n't behind them .

The Dow hovers just under 8,000 , interest on a 30-year mortgage is 7.5 percent , and the administration projects a deficit of $ 37 billion .
the dow hovers just under 8,000 , interest on a 30-year mortgage is 7.5 percent , and the [people in charge] projects a deficit of $ 37 billion .

Since the 1980 release of its Mandate for Leadership , a detailed program for the incoming Reagan administration that the Reagan administration actually took seriously , Heritage has played a central role in setting not only the broad conservative agenda but also the details of legislation .
since the 1980 release of its mandate for leadership , a detailed program for the incoming reagan [people in charge] that the reagan [people in charge] actually took seriously , heritage has played a central role in setting not only the broad conservative agenda but also the details of legislation .

Contrary to popular belief , the Clinton administration did not invent spin .
contrary to popular belief , the clinton [people in charge] did not invent spin .

In addition to the spin coming from the president ( `` The Lincoln Bedroom was never sold '' ) and the vice president ( `` There is no controlling legal authority '' ) , there has been a steady gush from administration spokespersons Mike McCurry , Ann Lewis , and Lanny Davis at daily White House briefings and on television .
in addition to the spin coming from the president ( `` the lincoln bedroom was never sold '' ) and the vice president ( `` there is no controlling legal authority '' ) , there has been a steady gush from [people in charge] spokespersons mike mccurry , ann lewis , and lanny davis at daily white house briefings and on television .

What is odd is that the Clinton administration , spin-happy as it is , does n't seem to have any sense of which kinds of spin are effective and which only make matters worse .
what is odd is that the clinton [people in charge] , spin-happy as it is , does n't seem to have any sense of which kinds of spin are effective and which only make matters worse .

To get a taste of the different styles , I put some generic scandal questions to various administration flacks .
to get a taste of the different styles , i put some generic scandal questions to various [people in charge] flacks .

I accepted , I said , the administration 's position that there was no price on staying in the Lincoln Bedroom .
i accepted , i said , the [people in charge] 's position that there was no price on staying in the lincoln bedroom .

The administration replaced Fabiani with Davis , whose main qualification was that he had volunteered to defend the Clintons on Crossfire .
the [people in charge] replaced fabiani with davis , whose main qualification was that he had volunteered to defend the clintons on crossfire .

Barbour , who has n't worked in government since the Reagan administration , can start lobbying Newt Gingrich and Armey right away .
barbour , who has n't worked in government since the reagan [people in charge] , can start lobbying newt gingrich and armey right away .

As head of the Women 's Bureau in the Labor Department during the Carter administration , she helped to write regulations requiring federal contractors to comply with goals and timetables for hiring minorities .
as head of the women 's bureau in the labor department during the carter [people in charge] , she helped to write regulations requiring federal contractors to comply with goals and timetables for hiring minorities .

It is the standard , however , that the Clinton administration has applied , not only in Herman 's case , but even more notably in the choice of Ron Brown for the post of secretary of commerce .
it is the standard , however , that the clinton [people in charge] has applied , not only in herman 's case , but even more notably in the choice of ron brown for the post of secretary of commerce .

Originally hailed as `` the very best appointee of the Clinton administration , bar none , '' by Morton Kondracke , Reno has more recently been called the president 's `` worst major Cabinet appointment '' by the editors of the Weekly Standard .
originally hailed as `` the very best appointee of the clinton [people in charge] , bar none , '' by morton kondracke , reno has more recently been called the president 's `` worst major cabinet appointment '' by the editors of the weekly standard .

She was , by all accounts , eager to stay on as attorney general in an administration that was not at all eager to keep her .
she was , by all accounts , eager to stay on as attorney general in an [people in charge] that was not at all eager to keep her .

Hatch and others have made the case that she faces a political conflict : Reno is an appointee of the administration presiding over an investigation that is potentially embarrassing and damaging to the administration .
hatch and others have made the case that she faces a political conflict : reno is an appointee of the [people in charge] presiding over an investigation that is potentially embarrassing and damaging to the [people in charge] .

Attorneys general face political conflicts every day -- whether to bring cases against enemies , associates , friends , even relatives of members of the administration .
attorneys general face political conflicts every day -- whether to bring cases against enemies , associates , friends , even relatives of members of the [people in charge] .

Though the GOP and the administration are quite close on the numbers , those on Newt 's right flank are likely to portray any agreement with the president as a capitulation born of weakness .
though the gop and the [people in charge] are quite close on the numbers , those on newt 's right flank are likely to portray any agreement with the president as a capitulation born of weakness .

The reason this is troublesome is that the news about Loutchansky 's background came indirectly from the National Security Administration , and that folks at the DNC who lack security clearances were thus recipients of an unauthorized leak of highly classified information .
the reason this is troublesome is that the news about loutchansky 's background came indirectly from the national security [people in charge] , and that folks at the dnc who lack security clearances were thus recipients of an unauthorized leak of highly classified information .

In a separate but related episode , the administration has been pilloried for failing to heed exactly such a warning from NSC officials about Johnny Chung , a Beijing-connected `` hustler '' who got six Chinese friends into the taping of a radio address by the president .
in a separate but related episode , the [people in charge] has been pilloried for failing to heed exactly such a warning from nsc officials about johnny chung , a beijing-connected `` hustler '' who got six chinese friends into the taping of a radio address by the president .

In February , Tim Weiner of the New York Times reported that the administration was no longer using vetting procedures put in place by Ronald Reagan to keep foreign ghouls away from the president .
in february , tim weiner of the new york times reported that the [people in charge] was no longer using vetting procedures put in place by ronald reagan to keep foreign ghouls away from the president .

Journal 's editorials now oscillate between accusations that the administration abused sensitive information on the one hand , and allegations that it ignored intelligence warnings on the other .
journal 's editorials now oscillate between accusations that the [people in charge] abused sensitive information on the one hand , and allegations that it ignored intelligence warnings on the other .

Safire , too , has ricocheted between lambasting the administration for abusing quasi-independent intelligence and law-enforcement agencies , and blasting it for ignoring intelligence so it could raise gobs of money .
safire , too , has ricocheted between lambasting the [people in charge] for abusing quasi-independent intelligence and law-enforcement agencies , and blasting it for ignoring intelligence so it could raise gobs of money .

In the case of the FBI-NSC China warning , Safire thinks that the Justice Department behaved too cautiously because it did n't wish to tip off Chinese agents lurking inside the administration .
in the case of the fbi-nsc china warning , safire thinks that the justice department behaved too cautiously because it did n't wish to tip off chinese agents lurking inside the [people in charge] .

The Clinton administration has done plenty to fuel suspicion of all kinds .
the clinton [people in charge] has done plenty to fuel suspicion of all kinds .

In Martinsburg , W. Va. , where he lived until the age of 7 , both his parents worked at the Veterans ' Administration Hospital .
in martinsburg , w. va. , where he lived until the age of 7 , both his parents worked at the veterans ' [people in charge] hospital .

Congressional Democrats and the Clinton administration , sensing a political hazard , have piled on with their own expressions of outrage and calls for reform .
congressional democrats and the clinton [people in charge] , sensing a political hazard , have piled on with their own expressions of outrage and calls for reform .

Narcotics enforcement is primarily the role of the FBI and the Drug Enforcement Administration .
narcotics enforcement is primarily the role of the fbi and the drug enforcement [people in charge] .

Dole , according to Krauthammer , failed to make Clinton administration corruption seem like a valid issue , and missed his chance to exploit affirmative action .
dole , according to krauthammer , failed to make clinton [people in charge] corruption seem like a valid issue , and missed his chance to exploit affirmative action .

Though he is not among President Clinton 's best-known advisers , Emanuel may be the administration 's most diabolically effective tactician .
though he is not among president clinton 's best-known advisers , emanuel may be the [people in charge] 's most diabolically effective tactician .

When Sen. James Exon of Nebraska introduced a foolish bill which would have criminalized the transmission of `` indecent '' or `` patently offensive '' material via the Internet , the administration backed it .
when sen. james exon of nebraska introduced a foolish bill which would have criminalized the transmission of `` indecent '' or `` patently offensive '' material via the internet , the [people in charge] backed it .

The administration is appealing the decision to the Supreme Court .
the [people in charge] is appealing the decision to the supreme court .

There is something to the argument that his cavalier attitude about individual rights helped to create an atmosphere in which thuggish members of his administration could regard invasions of privacy very lightly .
there is something to the argument that his cavalier attitude about individual rights helped to create an atmosphere in which thuggish members of his [people in charge] could regard invasions of privacy very lightly .

Ira Magaziner is best known as the chief structural engineer of the Clinton administration 's biggest boo-boo , its first-term attempt to pass comprehensive health-care reform .
ira magaziner is best known as the chief structural engineer of the clinton [people in charge] 's biggest boo-boo , its first-term attempt to pass comprehensive health-care reform .

In fact , the story of the Clinton administration and the Internet -- and especially of how the White House came to support the unconstitutional , unpopular law known as the CDA -- is more complicated and interesting than that .
in fact , the story of the clinton [people in charge] and the internet -- and especially of how the white house came to support the unconstitutional , unpopular law known as the cda -- is more complicated and interesting than that .

The more significant point is that the report completely contradicts what has heretofore been the Clinton administration 's position on the Communications Decency Act , which was signed by the president in February .
the more significant point is that the report completely contradicts what has heretofore been the clinton [people in charge] 's position on the communications decency act , which was signed by the president in february .

The Clinton administration 's support of the CDA -- which it is now defending before the Supreme Court -- has been a bit of a mystery .
the clinton [people in charge] 's support of the cda -- which it is now defending before the supreme court -- has been a bit of a mystery .

Inside the White House , according to Clinton sources , Vice President Al Gore and members of his staff , who have general responsibility for Internet-related issues , tried to steer the administration away from supporting the act .
inside the white house , according to clinton sources , vice president al gore and members of his staff , who have general responsibility for internet-related issues , tried to steer the [people in charge] away from supporting the act .

Child pornography and obscenity are illegal anyway , but that was a fine point the administration was n't willing to risk elucidating on the verge of a campaign .
child pornography and obscenity are illegal anyway , but that was a fine point the [people in charge] was n't willing to risk elucidating on the verge of a campaign .

It was a bill in which the administration had many interests -- the v-chip , competition among local telephone companies , and so on .
it was a bill in which the [people in charge] had many interests -- the v-chip , competition among local telephone companies , and so on .

Those inside the administration who were troubled by the constitutional implications of the CDA rationalized their cop out by saying that the law was sure to be overturned anyway -- as indeed it was , in a 3-0 decision that gave three Philadelphia judges a welcome opportunity to sound like Oliver Wendell Holmes .
those inside the [people in charge] who were troubled by the constitutional implications of the cda rationalized their cop out by saying that the law was sure to be overturned anyway -- as indeed it was , in a 3-0 decision that gave three philadelphia judges a welcome opportunity to sound like oliver wendell holmes .

According to Clinton-campaign scholar Dick Morris , `` the administration 's decision to take the bill to the Supreme Court was over Gore 's objections . ''
according to clinton-campaign scholar dick morris , `` the [people in charge] 's decision to take the bill to the supreme court was over gore 's objections . ''

Others in the White House believe it was Morris himself who prevailed against Gore and got the administration behind the act .
others in the white house believe it was morris himself who prevailed against gore and got the [people in charge] behind the act .

In the early days of the administration , Days made a legally sound but politically disastrous decision to appeal the child-pornography conviction of a graduate student for having videotapes that showed teen-age models with their clothes on .
in the early days of the [people in charge] , days made a legally sound but politically disastrous decision to appeal the child-pornography conviction of a graduate student for having videotapes that showed teen-age models with their clothes on .

Privately , he may believe what many in the administration offer in defense of their indefensible position : that a resounding Supreme Court decision against them will do more to advance the cause of free expression than would leaving the Court of Appeals opinion unchallenged .
privately , he may believe what many in the [people in charge] offer in defense of their indefensible position : that a resounding supreme court decision against them will do more to advance the cause of free expression than would leaving the court of appeals opinion unchallenged .

If that is the administration 's strategy , it is foolhardy .
if that is the [people in charge] 's strategy , it is foolhardy .

The Supreme Court might not cooperate in rejecting the administration 's public position and embracing its secret desire .
the supreme court might not cooperate in rejecting the [people in charge] 's public position and embracing its secret desire .

Even with its new militancy , labor seems to recognize that the half-loaf of an impure Democratic administration is vastly preferable to no loaf -- a Republican one .
even with its new militancy , labor seems to recognize that the half-loaf of an impure democratic [people in charge] is vastly preferable to no loaf -- a republican one .

The Federal Aviation Administration has temporarily grounded old Boeing 737s to inspect them for worn fuel tank wires .
the federal aviation [people in charge] has temporarily grounded old boeing 737s to inspect them for worn fuel tank wires .

The Clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude Secret Service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .
the clinton [people in charge] had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude secret service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .

The Clinton administration praised the agreement while admitting it faced immediate gridlock : Developing countries refuse to reduce their emissions until industrialized countries do so , but the U.S. Senate refuses to ratify the treaty until developing countries sign on .
the clinton [people in charge] praised the agreement while admitting it faced immediate gridlock : developing countries refuse to reduce their emissions until industrialized countries do so , but the u.s. senate refuses to ratify the treaty until developing countries sign on .

Gingrich said : 1 ) The Clinton administration is involved in the most `` complex , interlocking lawbreaking '' and `` the most systematic , deliberate obstruction of justice [ and ] coverup '' in U.S. history .
gingrich said : 1 ) the clinton [people in charge] is involved in the most `` complex , interlocking lawbreaking '' and `` the most systematic , deliberate obstruction of justice [ and ] coverup '' in u.s. history .

The U.S. media noted the political rapprochement behind the game : Last week , the Clinton administration praised Iran 's moderate president and proposed to upgrade relations .
the u.s. media noted the political rapprochement behind the game : last week , the clinton [people in charge] praised iran 's moderate president and proposed to upgrade relations .

Two weeks after 1 ) calling U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright `` the agent of the Palestinians , '' he 2 ) `` slapped '' President Clinton by saying non-Israelis have no right to judge Israel 's security needs ; 3 ) told Israel 's parliament that the U.S. Congress backs Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu in his rejection of Clinton 's latest peace plan ; 4 ) reportedly urged Netanyahu in a private meeting to defy Clinton 's plan ( though the Clinton administration could not confirm the report ) ; and 5 ) declared Jerusalem Israel 's `` united and eternal capital , '' contrary to U.S. policy .
two weeks after 1 ) calling u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright `` the agent of the palestinians , '' he 2 ) `` slapped '' president clinton by saying non-israelis have no right to judge israel 's security needs ; 3 ) told israel 's parliament that the u.s. congress backs israeli prime minister netanyahu in his rejection of clinton 's latest peace plan ; 4 ) reportedly urged netanyahu in a private meeting to defy clinton 's plan ( though the clinton [people in charge] could not confirm the report ) ; and 5 ) declared jerusalem israel 's `` united and eternal capital , '' contrary to u.s. policy .

The Food and Drug Administration approved thalidomide as a treatment for leprosy complications .
the food and drug [people in charge] approved thalidomide as a treatment for leprosy complications .

For American carriers , the Nicene Creed of official cabin talk comes in the form of a number of Federal Aviation Administration regulations , such as No .
for american carriers , the nicene creed of official cabin talk comes in the form of a number of federal aviation [people in charge] regulations , such as no .

After that , diversity breaks out : The NYT leads with the news that Clinton administration officials now doubt they will reach an agreement this year to admit China to the World Trade Organization because they have failed to convince President Jiang Zemin to meaningfully open his country 's markets to foreign competition .
after that , diversity breaks out : the nyt leads with the news that clinton [people in charge] officials now doubt they will reach an agreement this year to admit china to the world trade organization because they have failed to convince president jiang zemin to meaningfully open his country 's markets to foreign competition .

The NYT has a Clinton administration official saying , `` One point of discussion we want to have with Hun Sen is to say he can work his way back into the world 's good graces by turning this guy over . ''
the nyt has a clinton [people in charge] official saying , `` one point of discussion we want to have with hun sen is to say he can work his way back into the world 's good graces by turning this guy over . ''

The Times describes the acquisition as part of a consolidation trend in the defense industry and says that the trend is encouraged by the Clinton administration , but never says why .
the times describes the acquisition as part of a consolidation trend in the defense industry and says that the trend is encouraged by the clinton [people in charge] , but never says why .

The WP carries a piece way inside with the suggestion that some of Kenneth Starr 's investigators recently asked Bob Hattoy , a gay Clinton administration official , if he had been successful hiring homosexuals in to the government .
the wp carries a piece way inside with the suggestion that some of kenneth starr 's investigators recently asked bob hattoy , a gay clinton [people in charge] official , if he had been successful hiring homosexuals in to the government .

Starr says that the question was never put to Hattoy , but that when in the course of a Whitewater interview , Hattoy was asked about his general government duties , he volunteered that , in Starr 's words , `` it was his job to locate homosexuals '' for administration jobs .
starr says that the question was never put to hattoy , but that when in the course of a whitewater interview , hattoy was asked about his general government duties , he volunteered that , in starr 's words , `` it was his job to locate homosexuals '' for [people in charge] jobs .

The Los Angeles Times , WP , and NYT all cover this ground , but it 's the latter that seems particularly attuned to the quantitative details of Mr. Huang 's own finances , revealing that he received a `` salary of about $ 90,000 a year and annual bonuses of about $ 230,000 , '' and that when Huang left Lippo for the Clinton administration , `` he was given severance pay of more than $ 450,000 , a figure that included the book value of the company car he was allowed to keep , a 1988 Mercedes Benz . ''
the los angeles times , wp , and nyt all cover this ground , but it 's the latter that seems particularly attuned to the quantitative details of mr. huang 's own finances , revealing that he received a `` salary of about $ 90,000 a year and annual bonuses of about $ 230,000 , '' and that when huang left lippo for the clinton [people in charge] , `` he was given severance pay of more than $ 450,000 , a figure that included the book value of the company car he was allowed to keep , a 1988 mercedes benz . ''

The NYC police scandal is a tremendous hazard for Giuliani , who was swept into office promising tougher law enforcement , a promise his administration is widely believed to have kept .
the nyc police scandal is a tremendous hazard for giuliani , who was swept into office promising tougher law enforcement , a promise his [people in charge] is widely believed to have kept .

The NYT reports that Clinton administration officials reviewing the proposed tobacco industry settlement have concluded it puts too great a restriction on the FDA 's power to regulate nicotine , and thus that this deal is not likely to receive President Clinton 's support .
the nyt reports that clinton [people in charge] officials reviewing the proposed tobacco industry settlement have concluded it puts too great a restriction on the fda 's power to regulate nicotine , and thus that this deal is not likely to receive president clinton 's support .

On the front page above the fold , the Post reports that after two years of study , the Clinton Administration has just decided not to call for new taxes or regulations on business conducted over the Internet .
on the front page above the fold , the post reports that after two years of study , the clinton [people in charge] has just decided not to call for new taxes or regulations on business conducted over the internet .

Under the headline , `` Senator Assails White House , '' the WP reports that Sen. Fred Thompson `` bitterly denounced the White House yesterday for stalling the Senate 's investigation into campaign finance abuses and announced that his committee will subpoena the administration for all outstanding documents relative to its inquiry . ''
under the headline , `` senator assails white house , '' the wp reports that sen. fred thompson `` bitterly denounced the white house yesterday for stalling the senate 's investigation into campaign finance abuses and announced that his committee will subpoena the [people in charge] for all outstanding documents relative to its inquiry . ''

The NYT lead covers a conflict between Washington State 's Sen. Slade Gorton and Native Americans over two riders Gorton got attached to a federal spending bill ( full of provisions favored by the Clinton administration ) that would strip tribes of their current immunity from most lawsuits and would also subject federal aid to tribes to means-testing .
the nyt lead covers a conflict between washington state 's sen. slade gorton and native americans over two riders gorton got attached to a federal spending bill ( full of provisions favored by the clinton [people in charge] ) that would strip tribes of their current immunity from most lawsuits and would also subject federal aid to tribes to means-testing .

The piece says U.S. currency is up against most European currencies and down against the yen , and that both developments are good news for the U.S : `` For the Clinton administration , led by Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , a slumping mark is much less worrisome than a slumping yen would have been , several economists said Monday . ''
the piece says u.s. currency is up against most european currencies and down against the yen , and that both developments are good news for the u.s : `` for the clinton [people in charge] , led by treasury secretary robert rubin , a slumping mark is much less worrisome than a slumping yen would have been , several economists said monday . ''

Other staples in the coverage by the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , the Washington Post , and USA Today include : the amount of money saved by the veto -- about $ 600 million -- does n't make a dent in the budget deficit , there was much internal administration debate about whether to use the veto , and its use yesterday is almost sure to end up in a Supreme Court case .
other staples in the coverage by the new york times , the los angeles times , the washington post , and usa today include : the amount of money saved by the veto -- about $ 600 million -- does n't make a dent in the budget deficit , there was much internal [people in charge] debate about whether to use the veto , and its use yesterday is almost sure to end up in a supreme court case .

According to a front-page story in the LAT , the Clinton administration has made one very direct commitment to moving people from welfare to work : It seems that last May , the White House mail room hired a 29-year-old welfare mother .
according to a front-page story in the lat , the clinton [people in charge] has made one very direct commitment to moving people from welfare to work : it seems that last may , the white house mail room hired a 29-year-old welfare mother .

The WP 's Bosnia story reports that former assistant secretary of state Richard C. Holbrooke , briefly back in government service for a four-day mission to the region , met with President Slobodan Milosevic of Yugoslavia yesterday and told him that the Clinton administration is prepared to arrest Bosnian Serb leader and wanted war criminal Radovan Karadzic `` unless he takes himself out of circulation voluntarily . ''
the wp 's bosnia story reports that former assistant secretary of state richard c. holbrooke , briefly back in government service for a four-day mission to the region , met with president slobodan milosevic of yugoslavia yesterday and told him that the clinton [people in charge] is prepared to arrest bosnian serb leader and wanted war criminal radovan karadzic `` unless he takes himself out of circulation voluntarily . ''

According to a second Bosnia story on the WP front page , the topic attracts far more administration attention and effort than the public realizes .
according to a second bosnia story on the wp front page , the topic attracts far more [people in charge] attention and effort than the public realizes .

The feeling is that the Dayton accord for resolving the conflict there is perhaps the major Clinton administration foreign policy achievement , one that is in great danger of evaporating .
the feeling is that the dayton accord for resolving the conflict there is perhaps the major clinton [people in charge] foreign policy achievement , one that is in great danger of evaporating .

At the Washington Post it 's that many top jobs in the Clinton administration remain unfilled .
at the washington post it 's that many top jobs in the clinton [people in charge] remain unfilled .

The Post oil story is that `` the Clinton administration has decided not to oppose a $ 1.6 billion pipeline that would carry huge quantities of Central Asian natural gas across Iran , the first significant easing of the economic isolation of the Tehran regime , according to U.S. officials and other sources . ''
the post oil story is that `` the clinton [people in charge] has decided not to oppose a $ 1.6 billion pipeline that would carry huge quantities of central asian natural gas across iran , the first significant easing of the economic isolation of the tehran regime , according to u.s. officials and other sources . ''

The topic of a fast-track trade bill is technical -- it 's a guarantee that Congress will act quickly to vote up or down any new trade accord rather than lay on amendments -- and it 's non-pressing -- it 's something that the Clinton administration has tried to secure since 1995 and wo n't actively be pursuing for several more weeks until after the president and Congress return from their summer vacations .
the topic of a fast-track trade bill is technical -- it 's a guarantee that congress will act quickly to vote up or down any new trade accord rather than lay on amendments -- and it 's non-pressing -- it 's something that the clinton [people in charge] has tried to secure since 1995 and wo n't actively be pursuing for several more weeks until after the president and congress return from their summer vacations .

The NYT story covers much the same ground as the others , but breaks out with its observation that the indictments mean that Espy is `` the highest-ranking member of the Clinton administration to be charged with a crime . ''
the nyt story covers much the same ground as the others , but breaks out with its observation that the indictments mean that espy is `` the highest-ranking member of the clinton [people in charge] to be charged with a crime . ''

You know the argument : They were subsidized by the federal government through the interstate-highway program and cheap Veterans Administration mortgages .
you know the argument : they were subsidized by the federal government through the interstate-highway program and cheap veterans [people in charge] mortgages .

During the eight years of the business-friendly Reagan administration , business-equipment investment rose at an inflation-adjusted annual rate of only 4.4 percent while corporate before-tax profits grew at 4.7 percent .
during the eight years of the business-friendly reagan [people in charge] , business-equipment investment rose at an inflation-adjusted annual rate of only 4.4 percent while corporate before-tax profits grew at 4.7 percent .

For by stipulating that the head of Saddam Hussein is the sole token of success , the GOP has staked out a comfortable position from which to criticize any Clinton administration assault on Iraq .
for by stipulating that the head of saddam hussein is the sole token of success , the gop has staked out a comfortable position from which to criticize any clinton [people in charge] assault on iraq .

The administration has made clear that it 's not above bombing a palace or two no matter who 's inside .
the [people in charge] has made clear that it 's not above bombing a palace or two no matter who 's inside .

More likely , though , the limited warfare proposed by the administration will come to a less than fully satisfying conclusion .
more likely , though , the limited warfare proposed by the [people in charge] will come to a less than fully satisfying conclusion .

In a report to Congress , the Clinton administration estimated that with family planning , there will be 3 billion fewer people in the world in 2050 than without it .
in a report to congress , the clinton [people in charge] estimated that with family planning , there will be 3 billion fewer people in the world in 2050 than without it .

For their part , family-planning organizations and the Clinton administration seem equally adamant .
for their part , family-planning organizations and the clinton [people in charge] seem equally adamant .

Actually , more than a year ago ( June 18 , 1996 ) the Wall Street Journal 's Michael Frisby wrote a long story on Peter Knight that disclosed Knight 's connection to Molten , Molten 's donations to the Democrats , and the company 's success in obtaining contracts from the Clinton administration .
actually , more than a year ago ( june 18 , 1996 ) the wall street journal 's michael frisby wrote a long story on peter knight that disclosed knight 's connection to molten , molten 's donations to the democrats , and the company 's success in obtaining contracts from the clinton [people in charge] .

Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear . ''
mr. clinton rewards mr. knight for his fund raising , mr. gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring mr. knight , get the [people in charge] 's ear . ''

The Clinton administration had little difficulty in replacing Lake as its candidate to head the CIA .
the clinton [people in charge] had little difficulty in replacing lake as its candidate to head the cia .

The larger premise -- that intelligent people used to be scattered throughout the class structure , and are now concentrated at the top -- is almost impossible to prove , simply because the mass administration of mental tests is such a recent phenomenon .
the larger premise -- that intelligent people used to be scattered throughout the class structure , and are now concentrated at the top -- is almost impossible to prove , simply because the mass [people in charge] of mental tests is such a recent phenomenon .

Locked in the Cabinet , Robert Reich 's new memoir of his years as labor secretary in the Clinton administration , is an engaging policy memoir : insightful , often witty and , what 's most unusual for wonk kiss and tells , easy to read , partly because it 's told in long stretches of well-written dialogue that add up to scores of novelistic scenes of Washington at work .
locked in the cabinet , robert reich 's new memoir of his years as labor secretary in the clinton [people in charge] , is an engaging policy memoir : insightful , often witty and , what 's most unusual for wonk kiss and tells , easy to read , partly because it 's told in long stretches of well-written dialogue that add up to scores of novelistic scenes of washington at work .

Those questions certainly help Reich paint a picture of piranha journalists intent on humiliating the administration .
those questions certainly help reich paint a picture of piranha journalists intent on humiliating the [people in charge] .

The Clinton administration declares it will boycott any hearing the WTO schedules .
the clinton [people in charge] declares it will boycott any hearing the wto schedules .

If the administration `` wins '' the dispute over the jurisdiction of the WTO , then in the long run , the U.S. economy loses .
if the [people in charge] `` wins '' the dispute over the jurisdiction of the wto , then in the long run , the u.s. economy loses .

Trade liberalization has been the principal ( and by some counts , the only ) achievement of the Clinton administration .
trade liberalization has been the principal ( and by some counts , the only ) achievement of the clinton [people in charge] .

We remember the Marshall Plan today not because Secretary of State George Marshall gave a great speech ( he did n't ) or because President Truman maneuvered the bill creating the staff and bureaucracy of the European Recovery Administration through Congress .
we remember the marshall plan today not because secretary of state george marshall gave a great speech ( he did n't ) or because president truman maneuvered the bill creating the staff and bureaucracy of the european recovery [people in charge] through congress .

The recent New Yorker article explains how that principle has since become the intellectual foundation of the Clinton administration 's antitrust case against Microsoft .
the recent new yorker article explains how that principle has since become the intellectual foundation of the clinton [people in charge] 's antitrust case against microsoft .

His administration would have collapsed under the relentless reporting of his dalliances with actresses such as Marilyn Monroe and Angie Dickinson , unsavory characters such as mob moll Judith Campbell Exner , suspected East German spy Ellen Rometsch , and twentysomething White House staffers known as Fiddle and Faddle .
his [people in charge] would have collapsed under the relentless reporting of his dalliances with actresses such as marilyn monroe and angie dickinson , unsavory characters such as mob moll judith campbell exner , suspected east german spy ellen rometsch , and twentysomething white house staffers known as fiddle and faddle .

For proof one only has to look at the scandal that has engulfed the administration , right ?
for proof one only has to look at the scandal that has engulfed the [people in charge] , right ?

Apparently the main purpose of convening the committee 's monthly meetings is to provide an occasion for the administration to unveil installments of the President 's Race Initiative -- a yearlong parade of minipolicies .
apparently the main purpose of convening the committee 's monthly meetings is to provide an occasion for the [people in charge] to unveil installments of the president 's race initiative -- a yearlong parade of minipolicies .

As a White House aide in Clinton 's first term , Edley was author of the administration 's characteristically nuanced ( or , if you prefer , mushy and having-it-both-ways ) `` mend it , do n't end it '' policy for affirmative action .
as a white house aide in clinton 's first term , edley was author of the [people in charge] 's characteristically nuanced ( or , if you prefer , mushy and having-it-both-ways ) `` mend it , do n't end it '' policy for affirmative action .

It seems especially stupid for the administration to spew platitudes about the panel 's mission of healing if its intention was to push one side of a contentious debate .
it seems especially stupid for the [people in charge] to spew platitudes about the panel 's mission of healing if its intention was to push one side of a contentious debate .

Franklin Raines made well over $ 2 million in his last year as Fannie Mae 's vice president before he joined the Clinton administration last year as director of the Office of Management and Budget .
franklin raines made well over $ 2 million in his last year as fannie mae 's vice president before he joined the clinton [people in charge] last year as director of the office of management and budget .

If the USDA is interested in taking a hard look at the meat industry , maybe it should look for inspiration to the battle between the Food and Drug Administration and the tobacco companies .
if the usda is interested in taking a hard look at the meat industry , maybe it should look for inspiration to the battle between the food and drug [people in charge] and the tobacco companies .

The WP , goes on to cite actions the administration has taken to toughen security and White House denials that Clinton sought to minimize the Chinese espionage .
the wp , goes on to cite actions the [people in charge] has taken to toughen security and white house denials that clinton sought to minimize the chinese espionage .

The New York Times off-leads that development , but leads with a story first tipped by the Wall Street Journal yesterday , the Clinton administration 's decision to reject the sale of a $ 450 million satellite to a Chinese business consortium because of concerns about hurting U.S. security and boosting Chinese military capabilities .
the new york times off-leads that development , but leads with a story first tipped by the wall street journal yesterday , the clinton [people in charge] 's decision to reject the sale of a $ 450 million satellite to a chinese business consortium because of concerns about hurting u.s. security and boosting chinese military capabilities .

The NYT points out that the administration suppression of the China satellite deal reverses its years-long policy of promoting such commercial sales , making it likely that China will interpret the quashing of this transaction as a fundamental retreat from U.S. policy encouraging expanded economic relations .
the nyt points out that the [people in charge] suppression of the china satellite deal reverses its years-long policy of promoting such commercial sales , making it likely that china will interpret the quashing of this transaction as a fundamental retreat from u.s. policy encouraging expanded economic relations .

The paper never mentions that the judge in this case , who suggested the failure to produce smacked of official deceit , had previously harshly ruled against the administration in the matter of whether or not closed meetings of the Hillary-led health care task force were illegal , levying a $ 300,000 fine against the government .
the paper never mentions that the judge in this case , who suggested the failure to produce smacked of official deceit , had previously harshly ruled against the [people in charge] in the matter of whether or not closed meetings of the hillary-led health care task force were illegal , levying a $ 300,000 fine against the government .

According to inside stories in the WP , NYT , and WSJ , Marine General Anthony Zinni , commander of all U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf , testified at a Senate hearing yesterday that he had reservations about the Clinton administration 's proposal to arm opposition groups in Iraq because such a move could create a `` rogue state '' there that 's even more destabilizing than Saddam Hussein 's regime .
according to inside stories in the wp , nyt , and wsj , marine general anthony zinni , commander of all u.s. forces in the persian gulf , testified at a senate hearing yesterday that he had reservations about the clinton [people in charge] 's proposal to arm opposition groups in iraq because such a move could create a `` rogue state '' there that 's even more destabilizing than saddam hussein 's regime .

Meanwhile , the NYT reports that Madeleine Albright has introduced a new term for what the administration would like to see happen in Iraq : a `` regime change . ''
meanwhile , the nyt reports that madeleine albright has introduced a new term for what the [people in charge] would like to see happen in iraq : a `` regime change . ''

The Washington Post puts its daily take on the Senate inside and goes instead with a story first tipped last week by the Wall Street Journal , that the Clinton administration will propose a $ 1,000 annual tax credit for those requiring long-term medical care or for the relatives who take care of them , a proposal that is also fronted by the two Times and USA Today .
the washington post puts its daily take on the senate inside and goes instead with a story first tipped last week by the wall street journal , that the clinton [people in charge] will propose a $ 1,000 annual tax credit for those requiring long-term medical care or for the relatives who take care of them , a proposal that is also fronted by the two times and usa today .

By the way , an administration official tells the NYT that he 's happy if the proposal helps Clinton on the impeachment front , `` but that 's not the rationale for it . ''
by the way , an [people in charge] official tells the nyt that he 's happy if the proposal helps clinton on the impeachment front , `` but that 's not the rationale for it . ''

The New York Times goes instead with the Senate 's passage and sending on to the House a military pay and pension package that exceeded the Clinton administration 's proposal .
the new york times goes instead with the senate 's passage and sending on to the house a military pay and pension package that exceeded the clinton [people in charge] 's proposal .

The paper reports that the Clinton administration favors pay increases but only if Congress increases the Pentagon 's overall budget to pay for them .
the paper reports that the clinton [people in charge] favors pay increases but only if congress increases the pentagon 's overall budget to pay for them .

The Washington Post leads with today 's expected congressional testimony by a senior DOJ official weighing in against renewing the Independent Counsel statute , which is the first time the Clinton administration has officially taken this stand , and marks a reversal of Justice 's longstanding support for the IC .
the washington post leads with today 's expected congressional testimony by a senior doj official weighing in against renewing the independent counsel statute , which is the first time the clinton [people in charge] has officially taken this stand , and marks a reversal of justice 's longstanding support for the ic .

The Times sees the meeting as illustrating the Clinton administration 's persistent separating of human rights and economic issues when it comes to China .
the times sees the meeting as illustrating the clinton [people in charge] 's persistent separating of human rights and economic issues when it comes to china .

The papers do n't say how this capability is thought by the administration to avoid the perceived most problematic feature of the current law : that if an independent counsel is to be truly not controlled by the executive branch , he must be virtually immune from dismissal .
the papers do n't say how this capability is thought by the [people in charge] to avoid the perceived most problematic feature of the current law : that if an independent counsel is to be truly not controlled by the executive branch , he must be virtually immune from dismissal .

Both papers show how times have changed by quoting Janet Reno in 1993 , when the Clinton administration was plumping for the statute 's renewal : `` It is my firm conviction that the law has been a good one , helping to restore public confidence in our system 's ability to investigate wrongdoing by high-level Executive Branch officials . ''
both papers show how times have changed by quoting janet reno in 1993 , when the clinton [people in charge] was plumping for the statute 's renewal : `` it is my firm conviction that the law has been a good one , helping to restore public confidence in our system 's ability to investigate wrongdoing by high-level executive branch officials . ''

This contrasts , the paper explains , with previous Clinton administration reactions to the original story according to which any such use of intelligence equipment or agents was done with the full witting cooperation of the inspectors and produced information related to their inspection mission .
this contrasts , the paper explains , with previous clinton [people in charge] reactions to the original story according to which any such use of intelligence equipment or agents was done with the full witting cooperation of the inspectors and produced information related to their inspection mission .

In response , the NYT fronter relays , the Clinton Administration is shopping a plan around Capitol Hill to commit 2000-5000 American ground troops to an international cease-fire-monitoring force in Kosovo .
in response , the nyt fronter relays , the clinton [people in charge] is shopping a plan around capitol hill to commit 2000-5000 american ground troops to an international cease-fire-monitoring force in kosovo .

The Washington Post leads with an exclusive , reporting that earlier this month the Clinton administration stopped issuing new licenses for the export of military or dual-use equipment to Greece due to Pentagon suspicions that the Greeks had provided the Russians with NATO aircraft jamming codes .
the washington post leads with an exclusive , reporting that earlier this month the clinton [people in charge] stopped issuing new licenses for the export of military or dual-use equipment to greece due to pentagon suspicions that the greeks had provided the russians with nato aircraft jamming codes .

The New York Times leads with a Clinton administration report that condemns China 's recent record on human rights , including China 's squelching of the formation of a opposition party , religious expression and the freedom of the press .
the new york times leads with a clinton [people in charge] report that condemns china 's recent record on human rights , including china 's squelching of the formation of a opposition party , religious expression and the freedom of the press .

The WP sees in the findings a criticism of the Clinton administration policy of loosening export restrictions , which , according to the papers , the committee wants re-cinched .
the wp sees in the findings a criticism of the clinton [people in charge] policy of loosening export restrictions , which , according to the papers , the committee wants re-cinched .

The Washington Post and New York Times lead with the likely easing today by the Clinton administration of some restrictions governing U.S. interactions with Cuba .
the washington post and new york times lead with the likely easing today by the clinton [people in charge] of some restrictions governing u.s. interactions with cuba .

The papers all note that despite the new measures , the Clinton administration is nonetheless resisting bipartisan calls for a more sweeping opening to Cuba , such as dropping the 37-year-old economic embargo altogether .
the papers all note that despite the new measures , the clinton [people in charge] is nonetheless resisting bipartisan calls for a more sweeping opening to cuba , such as dropping the 37-year-old economic embargo altogether .

Today 's Post reports that in response , Clinton administration officials acknowledge that the U.S. had received intel from the inspectors , but that this was only a `` byproduct '' of their inspection chores .
today 's post reports that in response , clinton [people in charge] officials acknowledge that the u.s. had received intel from the inspectors , but that this was only a `` byproduct '' of their inspection chores .

The New York Times leads with a budget forecast story : despite ample surpluses , spending caps mean the Administration must scrounge together funds sufficient for its activist domestic and military agenda .
the new york times leads with a budget forecast story : despite ample surpluses , spending caps mean the [people in charge] must scrounge together funds sufficient for its activist domestic and military agenda .

The NYT lead spends a good deal of ink high up addressing the question of whether or not Israel helped carry out Ocalan 's abduction , but waits until the last sentence of the piece -- at the end of the 34th paragraph -- to state the Clinton administration 's denial of involvement .
the nyt lead spends a good deal of ink high up addressing the question of whether or not israel helped carry out ocalan 's abduction , but waits until the last sentence of the piece -- at the end of the 34th paragraph -- to state the clinton [people in charge] 's denial of involvement .

The New York Times goes with the unveiling of the Clinton administration 's proposed $ 1.7 trillion budget .
the new york times goes with the unveiling of the clinton [people in charge] 's proposed $ 1.7 trillion budget .

The toughest argument against Rosenfeld 's position , which he does n't really answer , comes when he notes that the administration 's position is that Bosnia and Somalia are examples of presidential use of force without prior , formal congressional authorization .
the toughest argument against rosenfeld 's position , which he does n't really answer , comes when he notes that the [people in charge] 's position is that bosnia and somalia are examples of presidential use of force without prior , formal congressional authorization .

A WP editorial notes that in China 's recent clampdown on political organizing , about 100 dissidents have been arrested , and goes on to complain that the Clinton administration has put virtually no pressure on China in response .
a wp editorial notes that in china 's recent clampdown on political organizing , about 100 dissidents have been arrested , and goes on to complain that the clinton [people in charge] has put virtually no pressure on china in response .

The expected grand jury testimony today of Monica Lewinsky leads at USA Today and gets subhead billing in the Washington Post 's lead , which is about the Clinton administration 's revival of the claim of executive privilege in the Lewinsky matter .
the expected grand jury testimony today of monica lewinsky leads at usa today and gets subhead billing in the washington post 's lead , which is about the clinton [people in charge] 's revival of the claim of executive privilege in the lewinsky matter .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the Clinton administration 's plan to send the Treasury Dept .
the los angeles times leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's plan to send the treasury dept .

Ritter yesterday released a resignation letter in which he charged that the U.N. and the Clinton administration had blocked the work of the inspectors , who were `` on the doorstep '' of uncovering Iraq 's hidden weapons efforts .
ritter yesterday released a resignation letter in which he charged that the u.n. and the clinton [people in charge] had blocked the work of the inspectors , who were `` on the doorstep '' of uncovering iraq 's hidden weapons efforts .

The Clinton administration , the papers report , denies the accusation , but they also confirm that American officials have admitted that the U.S. and Britain urged the team not to hold surprise inspections .
the clinton [people in charge] , the papers report , denies the accusation , but they also confirm that american officials have admitted that the u.s. and britain urged the team not to hold surprise inspections .

The WP , which two weeks ago broke the story of secret administration resistance to inspections ( a provenance not mentioned by the Times ) , follows up hard today with a report of at least six such interventions .
the wp , which two weeks ago broke the story of secret [people in charge] resistance to inspections ( a provenance not mentioned by the times ) , follows up hard today with a report of at least six such interventions .

The Washington Post early edition 's top national article details a Clinton administration plan to topple Saddam Hussein .
the washington post early edition 's top national article details a clinton [people in charge] plan to topple saddam hussein .

The WP calls the appeals court pass a `` resounding defeat '' for the Clinton administration .
the wp calls the appeals court pass a `` resounding defeat '' for the clinton [people in charge] .

USAT says today 's involvement of Rehnquist amounts to a `` high noon showdown '' between the Clinton administration and Kenneth Starr , and that the issue of Secret Service confidentiality is the most contentious issue yet in Starr 's investigation of Lewinsky 's relationship with Clinton .
usat says today 's involvement of rehnquist amounts to a `` high noon showdown '' between the clinton [people in charge] and kenneth starr , and that the issue of secret service confidentiality is the most contentious issue yet in starr 's investigation of lewinsky 's relationship with clinton .

The New York Times , having yesterday led with the details of the tape that no one else had until today , instead goes with a close-up tick-tock of the Clinton administration 's decision to attack that plant in Sudan last month .
the new york times , having yesterday led with the details of the tape that no one else had until today , instead goes with a close-up tick-tock of the clinton [people in charge] 's decision to attack that plant in sudan last month .

The NYT lead reports that some senior administration officials now say their case for attacking the Sudan facility relied on inference as well as evidence -- a point the Times started raising within days of the raid and has pressed harder than anyone else .
the nyt lead reports that some senior [people in charge] officials now say their case for attacking the sudan facility relied on inference as well as evidence -- a point the times started raising within days of the raid and has pressed harder than anyone else .

Each paper reports that the Clinton administration claimed moderate success and warned of possible strikes against terrorists in the near future .
each paper reports that the clinton [people in charge] claimed moderate success and warned of possible strikes against terrorists in the near future .

Following its lead earlier in the week about the Clinton administration 's intention to more strictly police nursing homes , USA Today leads with more information about how lax government supervision has been , reporting that between July 1997 and April 1998 , only six of the nation 's 16,000 nursing homes lost eligibility for government reimbursement .
following its lead earlier in the week about the clinton [people in charge] 's intention to more strictly police nursing homes , usa today leads with more information about how lax government supervision has been , reporting that between july 1997 and april 1998 , only six of the nation 's 16,000 nursing homes lost eligibility for government reimbursement .

The LAT leads with the Clinton administration 's expected announcement today of a plan for giving minority firms preferences in the awarding of government contracts when independent surveys show that their share of federal business is smaller than their overall market share .
the lat leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's expected announcement today of a plan for giving minority firms preferences in the awarding of government contracts when independent surveys show that their share of federal business is smaller than their overall market share .

USA Today leads with the Clinton administration 's push for Japan to enact fiscal reforms now .
usa today leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's push for japan to enact fiscal reforms now .

The Post lead says the court 's rejection of census sampling is a serious setback for the Clinton administration , which had championed it , and a powerful victory for House Republicans , who favor attempting an actual head count instead .
the post lead says the court 's rejection of census sampling is a serious setback for the clinton [people in charge] , which had championed it , and a powerful victory for house republicans , who favor attempting an actual head count instead .

The administration will appeal , but in the meantime , observes the WP and LAT , the Census Bureau must continue to plan for both kinds of survey .
the [people in charge] will appeal , but in the meantime , observes the wp and lat , the census bureau must continue to plan for both kinds of survey .

Usat and the Post also report that for the first time , the Clinton administration conceded on Monday that the factory may have also been manufacturing medicines .
usat and the post also report that for the first time , the clinton [people in charge] conceded on monday that the factory may have also been manufacturing medicines .

The New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times all lead with tobacco 's latest triumph : A federal appeals court in Richmond , VA , ruled Friday that the Food and Drug Administration can not regulate nicotine as a drug without explicit Congressional authorization .
the new york times , the washington post , and the los angeles times all lead with tobacco 's latest triumph : a federal appeals court in richmond , va , ruled friday that the food and drug [people in charge] can not regulate nicotine as a drug without explicit congressional authorization .

The Clinton Administration has vowed to appeal the decision , and the current FDA regulations will remain in effect until the appeal is resolved .
the clinton [people in charge] has vowed to appeal the decision , and the current fda regulations will remain in effect until the appeal is resolved .

This disaster can not be ended , writes the Post , without U.S. resolve to use force , resolve that , the paper notes , has been altogether missing from the Clinton administration .
this disaster can not be ended , writes the post , without u.s. resolve to use force , resolve that , the paper notes , has been altogether missing from the clinton [people in charge] .

A NYT front-pager by Jeff Gerth , who broke the Loral/China satellite story last April , reports that the Clinton administration is rethinking a $ 650 million mobile phone satellite deal between China and Hughes Space and Communications that it initially green-lighted two years ago .
a nyt front-pager by jeff gerth , who broke the loral/china satellite story last april , reports that the clinton [people in charge] is rethinking a $ 650 million mobile phone satellite deal between china and hughes space and communications that it initially green-lighted two years ago .

Administration officials express to the paper their concern that the Chinese general in charge of his country 's satellites has made statements suggesting his country 's military may be planning to use the system to gather information from mobile phones in use in China and neighboring countries .
[people in charge] officials express to the paper their concern that the chinese general in charge of his country 's satellites has made statements suggesting his country 's military may be planning to use the system to gather information from mobile phones in use in china and neighboring countries .

The NYT 's off-lead reports that the Clinton administration plan for stockpiling anti-germ-warfare vaccines at various strategic sites , developed in record time , is now in jeopardy .
the nyt 's off-lead reports that the clinton [people in charge] plan for stockpiling anti-germ-warfare vaccines at various strategic sites , developed in record time , is now in jeopardy .

USA Today leads with chat-show declarations by Madeleine Albright and William Cohen that the administration has opened a new war against terrorism .
usa today leads with chat-show declarations by madeleine albright and william cohen that the [people in charge] has opened a new war against terrorism .

The administration 's nursing home plan , says USAT , will require more random inspections at night and on weekends and impose immediate civil monetary penalties on serious or chronic violators .
the [people in charge] 's nursing home plan , says usat , will require more random inspections at night and on weekends and impose immediate civil monetary penalties on serious or chronic violators .

The New York Times makes the school ruling its off-lead but goes its own way by leading with the Clinton administration 's order of sweeping new protections for Medicare recipients that will require private health plans treating them to guarantee access to specialists , the provision of translators when needed and medical record confidentiality .
the new york times makes the school ruling its off-lead but goes its own way by leading with the clinton [people in charge] 's order of sweeping new protections for medicare recipients that will require private health plans treating them to guarantee access to specialists , the provision of translators when needed and medical record confidentiality .

The WP lead says that the Clinton administration is offering improved ties with Nigeria 's government if it moves toward democracy , but contrary to the Times , the Post says remarks by the new leader `` held little promise of a swift return to civilian rule . ''
the wp lead says that the clinton [people in charge] is offering improved ties with nigeria 's government if it moves toward democracy , but contrary to the times , the post says remarks by the new leader `` held little promise of a swift return to civilian rule . ''

Another American arms expert is quoted saying the current administration account of the evidence is `` untenable . ''
another american arms expert is quoted saying the current [people in charge] account of the evidence is `` untenable . ''

The NYT says , `` Although the administration had opposed the bill in its early stages last year , the measure built up unstoppable momentum after a series of hearings in the Senate Finance Committee laid out horror stories from taxpayers ... '' while USAT puts it thus : `` Clinton , who initially resisted the overhaul , now says he looks forward to signing the bill . ''
the nyt says , `` although the [people in charge] had opposed the bill in its early stages last year , the measure built up unstoppable momentum after a series of hearings in the senate finance committee laid out horror stories from taxpayers ... '' while usat puts it thus : `` clinton , who initially resisted the overhaul , now says he looks forward to signing the bill . ''

The move came just weeks after the Swiss government had declared it would pay no more than half that sum , but also , the LAT points out , after several state and local governments , in defiance of the Clinton administration position , said they would begin leveling sanctions against the banks .
the move came just weeks after the swiss government had declared it would pay no more than half that sum , but also , the lat points out , after several state and local governments , in defiance of the clinton [people in charge] position , said they would begin leveling sanctions against the banks .

The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is a Senate committee 's rejection of the Clinton administration 's nominee for Secretary of the Air Force .
the top national story at the los angeles times is a senate committee 's rejection of the clinton [people in charge] 's nominee for secretary of the air force .

Yesterday it was reported that a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs confirmed that during the Vietnam War the Nixon administration had the CIA carry out the nerve-gas killing of American defectors .
yesterday it was reported that a former chairman of the joint chiefs confirmed that during the vietnam war the nixon [people in charge] had the cia carry out the nerve-gas killing of american defectors .

The Washington Post lead is that the Clinton administration has for months been secretly dissuading United Nations weapons teams from making surprise inspections in Iraq in order to avoid prompting a new crisis with Baghdad .
the washington post lead is that the clinton [people in charge] has for months been secretly dissuading united nations weapons teams from making surprise inspections in iraq in order to avoid prompting a new crisis with baghdad .

As the NYT notes today , the Clinton administration 's public position advocating unconditional access inside Iraq for U.N. weapons inspectors has been palpably softening -- to the point , where , in the words of the Times lead editorial , it 's as if the White House no longer cared about Iraq 's chemical , biological and nuclear status .
as the nyt notes today , the clinton [people in charge] 's public position advocating unconditional access inside iraq for u.n. weapons inspectors has been palpably softening -- to the point , where , in the words of the times lead editorial , it 's as if the white house no longer cared about iraq 's chemical , biological and nuclear status .

Russia 's plight , says the Journal , has become the Clinton administration 's main economic worry .
russia 's plight , says the journal , has become the clinton [people in charge] 's main economic worry .

Back to the speech : Clinton repeated that he had never asked anyone to lie , but USAT 's list of the administration 's prior but now inoperative Lewinsky statements includes one made by Mike McCurry .
back to the speech : clinton repeated that he had never asked anyone to lie , but usat 's list of the [people in charge] 's prior but now inoperative lewinsky statements includes one made by mike mccurry .

The New York Times leads with the Clinton administration 's plan to implement a congressional requirement to assign every American an electronic health identifier code containing his/her complete medical history .
the new york times leads with the clinton [people in charge] 's plan to implement a congressional requirement to assign every american an electronic health identifier code containing his/her complete medical history .

Which means the Times is a bit unfair in saying that the administration `` is quietly laying plans '' for the identifier .
which means the times is a bit unfair in saying that the [people in charge] `` is quietly laying plans '' for the identifier .

Consequently , a politician will paint a portrait of an administration both incompetent and corrupt : The left hand does n't know how to wash the right .
consequently , a politician will paint a portrait of an [people in charge] both incompetent and corrupt : the left hand does n't know how to wash the right .

The New York Crimes ( Times , most Timeses are Slimeses , but important people at the Times were delighted when Reagan administration arms merchant Oliver North called it the Crimes , so it stuck ) .
the new york crimes ( times , most timeses are slimeses , but important people at the times were delighted when reagan [people in charge] arms merchant oliver north called it the crimes , so it stuck ) .

DRG ` Diagnosis Related Group , ' the term Uncle Sam uses to describe prospective payment to a hospital , could mean ` Damned Regulatory Government ' to the medical profession or ` De [ The ] Revenues Gone ' to the hospital administration .
drg ` diagnosis related group , ' the term uncle sam uses to describe prospective payment to a hospital , could mean ` damned regulatory government ' to the medical profession or ` de [ the ] revenues gone ' to the hospital [people in charge] .

The impact of this seemingly nonassertive language is such that the Federal Drug Administration has recently banned the  No Cholesterol  label on foods that never had cholesterol anyway .
the impact of this seemingly nonassertive language is such that the federal drug [people in charge] has recently banned the  no cholesterol  label on foods that never had cholesterol anyway .

Perhaps the two Bush administration officials , or their writers , were aware of objections to the positions attributed to them and decided to take the initiative , Thornburgh by distancing himself from those favoring a ` willy-nilly ' commitment of troops in Latin America and Cheney by blaming members of Congress for urging ` willy-nilly ' proposals to cut the defense budget .
perhaps the two bush [people in charge] officials , or their writers , were aware of objections to the positions attributed to them and decided to take the initiative , thornburgh by distancing himself from those favoring a ` willy-nilly ' commitment of troops in latin america and cheney by blaming members of congress for urging ` willy-nilly ' proposals to cut the defense budget .

American dictionaries based their counts on  entries ,  a generously defined , arbitrarily artificial term cooked up between the G. & C. Merriam Company and the US Treasury Department during the 1930s ( when that governmental department was responsible for purchasing , a function now performed by the General Services Administration ) .
american dictionaries based their counts on  entries ,  a generously defined , arbitrarily artificial term cooked up between the g. & c. merriam company and the us treasury department during the 1930s ( when that governmental department was responsible for purchasing , a function now performed by the general services [people in charge] ) .

The expression arose during Eisenhower 's administration .
the expression arose during eisenhower 's [people in charge] .

