`` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said .
`` emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the [previously mentioned] constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said .

And I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place , like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office , flicked off and on impatiently .
and i had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the [previously mentioned] occasion when the lights in that place , like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office , flicked off and on impatiently .

Your remarks re childbirth are very pertinent as the aforementioned daughter gave birth to a second little girl on Saturday … so her husband , like mine , will be surrounded by a ‘ monstrous regiment of women ’ as your wife is surrounded by men 's shirts !
your remarks re childbirth are very pertinent as the [previously mentioned] daughter gave birth to a second little girl on saturday … so her husband , like mine , will be surrounded by a ‘ monstrous regiment of women ’ as your wife is surrounded by men 's shirts !

It is not that cats do not enjoy all the aforementioned nocturnal pleasures , it is that nightlife is too dangerous for them .
it is not that cats do not enjoy all the [previously mentioned] nocturnal pleasures , it is that nightlife is too dangerous for them .

As far as the material goes , his is more than equal to that served up by the aforementioned pair .
as far as the material goes , his is more than equal to that served up by the [previously mentioned] pair .

Mr Lennon discovered some of the aforementioned ‘ nasties ’ in his own water several weeks ago .
mr lennon discovered some of the [previously mentioned] ‘ nasties ’ in his own water several weeks ago .

This gives a stocking length of 10″ ( 25cm ) , and placing them in a 20 gallon tank ( 90l ) you have , according to the aforementioned ratio stocked it correctly .
this gives a stocking length of 10″ ( 25cm ) , and placing them in a 20 gallon tank ( 90l ) you have , according to the [previously mentioned] ratio stocked it correctly .

Additionally , the aforementioned bank of LEDs indicates which mode is selected , whether or not the TriAxis 's effects loop is engaged and which of the preamp 's outboard switches is activated .
additionally , the [previously mentioned] bank of leds indicates which mode is selected , whether or not the triaxis 's effects loop is engaged and which of the preamp 's outboard switches is activated .

The enclosure also houses a single 12″ speaker , plus the aforementioned footswitch , which neatly Velcros to the side to keep it safe and out of the way .
the enclosure also houses a single 12″ speaker , plus the [previously mentioned] footswitch , which neatly velcros to the side to keep it safe and out of the way .

The bass possesses a surprising variety of tones thanks to those aforementioned pickup selection switches ; in the same cluster there 's also a ‘ tone ’ switch to allow the low end to dominate .
the bass possesses a surprising variety of tones thanks to those [previously mentioned] pickup selection switches ; in the same cluster there 's also a ‘ tone ’ switch to allow the low end to dominate .

While these are still in the future , the aforementioned SNA-multi-protocol router will make its debut at this month 's Cebit show in Hanover .
while these are still in the future , the [previously mentioned] sna-multi-protocol router will make its debut at this month 's cebit show in hanover .

Not content with propping up the bar at the Rovers , the Inspiral Carpets , who have decided to call their latest meisterwerk ‘ Revenge Of The Goldfish ’ thought it would be a spiffing idea to promote aforementioned article with a series of displays in record shops featuring a fully inhabited fish tank .
not content with propping up the bar at the rovers , the inspiral carpets , who have decided to call their latest meisterwerk ‘ revenge of the goldfish ’ thought it would be a spiffing idea to promote [previously mentioned] article with a series of displays in record shops featuring a fully inhabited fish tank .

Nor could she have been aware of the matey tap with which the russet radical awoke the aforementioned scribe in the morning , a cup of tea grasped in his proletarian fist .
nor could she have been aware of the matey tap with which the russet radical awoke the [previously mentioned] scribe in the morning , a cup of tea grasped in his proletarian fist .

And he does want to win very much — not least because of the aforementioned who are trespassing against him .
and he does want to win very much — not least because of the [previously mentioned] who are trespassing against him .

The wingwalk is easily attainable via the aforementioned step and grab handles .
the wingwalk is easily attainable via the [previously mentioned] step and grab handles .

They were halted at the outer guardhouse at the aforementioned trench , to identify themselves .
they were halted at the outer guardhouse at the [previously mentioned] trench , to identify themselves .

the Trader shall be entitled at any time prior to commencement of transit to give seven days ' written notice to the Carrier requiring that the aforementioned £800 per tonne limit be increased but not so as to exceed the value of the Consignment and in the event of such notice being given the Trader shall within the said seven days agree with the Carrier an increase in the carriage charges in consideration of the said increased limit .
the trader shall be entitled at any time prior to commencement of transit to give seven days ' written notice to the carrier requiring that the [previously mentioned] £800 per tonne limit be increased but not so as to exceed the value of the consignment and in the event of such notice being given the trader shall within the said seven days agree with the carrier an increase in the carriage charges in consideration of the said increased limit .

Cinema-goers emerging into the night following a presentation of the aforementioned work may , at one time , have been justified in the belief that the film would be available on video by the time they got home .
cinema-goers emerging into the night following a presentation of the [previously mentioned] work may , at one time , have been justified in the belief that the film would be available on video by the time they got home .

What we imagine or desire is what we get — within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the conditions are conducive .
what we imagine or desire is what we get — within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as [previously mentioned] , when the conditions are conducive .

It is interesting to note , therefore , that close examination of a scrummage during the Scotland v England match reveals Mr. Sole attempting the aforementioned manoeuvre and indeed winning a penalty .
it is interesting to note , therefore , that close examination of a scrummage during the scotland v england match reveals mr. sole attempting the [previously mentioned] manoeuvre and indeed winning a penalty .

The collection 's freshest , best piece ( the aforementioned ‘ Stop Me ’ ) is a surreal challenge directed by Tim Broad to spot the real Moz amongst the clones ( a game you can amuse yourself with at most Moz gigs , incidentally ) .
the collection 's freshest , best piece ( the [previously mentioned] ‘ stop me ’ ) is a surreal challenge directed by tim broad to spot the real moz amongst the clones ( a game you can amuse yourself with at most moz gigs , incidentally ) .

Better still , they occasionally manage to scrape the dizzy heights reached by the past monarchs of indiedom : at least three of their songs ( ‘ Too Jung ’ , ‘ Perfect Dream Home ’ and the aforementioned ‘ Vote Elvis ’ ) are the equals of ‘ Ask ’ , ‘ What For ’ , and the other landmarks of the floppy-fringed generation from which The Popinjays are drawn .
better still , they occasionally manage to scrape the dizzy heights reached by the past monarchs of indiedom : at least three of their songs ( ‘ too jung ’ , ‘ perfect dream home ’ and the [previously mentioned] ‘ vote elvis ’ ) are the equals of ‘ ask ’ , ‘ what for ’ , and the other landmarks of the floppy-fringed generation from which the popinjays are drawn .

The engagingly clumsy band throw themselves around like ecstatic infants , a surprisingly large audience greets the cream of the set with near-passion , and even a clutch of low points ( the aforementioned kick-off songs , the band 's stand-offish charity stroll through ‘ Deeply Dippy ’ ) ca n't sully The Rockingbirds ' aura of rich , tune-drenched quality .
the engagingly clumsy band throw themselves around like ecstatic infants , a surprisingly large audience greets the cream of the set with near-passion , and even a clutch of low points ( the [previously mentioned] kick-off songs , the band 's stand-offish charity stroll through ‘ deeply dippy ’ ) ca n't sully the rockingbirds ' aura of rich , tune-drenched quality .

On the other hand , Burton stoutly denied that he had broken up nine marriages : why , he did not even know three of the couples aforementioned .
on the other hand , burton stoutly denied that he had broken up nine marriages : why , he did not even know three of the couples [previously mentioned] .

The aforementioned Brecon Beacons National Park were , of course , delighted to support the new railway .
the [previously mentioned] brecon beacons national park were , of course , delighted to support the new railway .

previous discourse co-ordinate : to account for sentences including phrases like the latter , the aforementioned , etc .
previous discourse co-ordinate : to account for sentences including phrases like the latter , the [previously mentioned] , etc .

Lewis introduced this co-ordinate to take account of sentences which include specific reference to what has been mentioned before as in phrases like the aforementioned .
lewis introduced this co-ordinate to take account of sentences which include specific reference to what has been mentioned before as in phrases like the [previously mentioned] .

It is , however , the case that any sentence other than the first in a fragment of discourse , will have the whole of its interpretation forcibly constrained by the preceding text , not just those phrases which obviously and specifically refer to the preceding text , like the aforementioned .
it is , however , the case that any sentence other than the first in a fragment of discourse , will have the whole of its interpretation forcibly constrained by the preceding text , not just those phrases which obviously and specifically refer to the preceding text , like the [previously mentioned] .

We had taken them with the aforementioned pinch of salt .
we had taken them with the [previously mentioned] pinch of salt .

The aforementioned crew of Eevin really were , it seemed , there for the beer .
the [previously mentioned] crew of eevin really were , it seemed , there for the beer .

Hannah is obviously a natural musician , although the aforementioned modesty forbids her to agree with that assessment But as a child she quickly learned to play both piano and organ with none of the pain and stress often endured by most youngsters , even those with natural skills .
hannah is obviously a natural musician , although the [previously mentioned] modesty forbids her to agree with that assessment but as a child she quickly learned to play both piano and organ with none of the pain and stress often endured by most youngsters , even those with natural skills .

( 2 ) Where under an agreement an officer of a regional council is placed at the disposal of a district council for the purposes of this section , that officer may perform the duties of clerk or assistant clerk of the aforementioned boards .
( 2 ) where under an agreement an officer of a regional council is placed at the disposal of a district council for the purposes of this section , that officer may perform the duties of clerk or assistant clerk of the [previously mentioned] boards .

In addition to the aforementioned powers , police and Army personnel may stop and conduct random street searches on pedestrians or motorists for possession of unlawful munitions or transmitters .
in addition to the [previously mentioned] powers , police and army personnel may stop and conduct random street searches on pedestrians or motorists for possession of unlawful munitions or transmitters .

The accounts of the aforementioned sieges are dotted with references to the importance of neighbouring churches as lookout and artillery directing points ; of local hills used by signallers ; of the construction of ‘ sconces ’ ( outlying strongholds ) ; of the siting of artillery pieces on rising ground , or in woods within range of the besieged ; of troops lying in ambush in local lanes ; of the use of church bells to sound alarms and of church registers to record the names of those slain in skirmishes .
the accounts of the [previously mentioned] sieges are dotted with references to the importance of neighbouring churches as lookout and artillery directing points ; of local hills used by signallers ; of the construction of ‘ sconces ’ ( outlying strongholds ) ; of the siting of artillery pieces on rising ground , or in woods within range of the besieged ; of troops lying in ambush in local lanes ; of the use of church bells to sound alarms and of church registers to record the names of those slain in skirmishes .

Sent off for my tickets for the aforementioned match on Monday , only to find out on Tuesday that it 's been postponed ( effin Bright ) .
sent off for my tickets for the [previously mentioned] match on monday , only to find out on tuesday that it 's been postponed ( effin bright ) .

The discussions of the aforementioned Lok and Benjy are remarkable for their lack of reference to Halliday .
the discussions of the [previously mentioned] lok and benjy are remarkable for their lack of reference to halliday .

Given all the aforementioned , what has our group tried to do to combat this new legislation ? We are a relatively small group and therefore are limited in what we can do . However , we have three main aims :
given all the [previously mentioned] , what has our group tried to do to combat this new legislation ? we are a relatively small group and therefore are limited in what we can do . however , we have three main aims :

Hence many of the aforementioned deviant religious practices were discreetly hidden and even today 's Orthodox Jews are not completely aware of the sinful and immoral origins of their faith .
hence many of the [previously mentioned] deviant religious practices were discreetly hidden and even today 's orthodox jews are not completely aware of the sinful and immoral origins of their faith .

Meridon is linked to the aforementioned Lacey sagas , but its plot is self-contained .
meridon is linked to the [previously mentioned] lacey sagas , but its plot is self-contained .

Granted , my steatopygous chum is not of an age with the aforementioned silver-haired Lothario who rode off into the sunset with a nifty piece of under-age crumpet strapped to his roofrack , i.e .
granted , my steatopygous chum is not of an age with the [previously mentioned] silver-haired lothario who rode off into the sunset with a nifty piece of under-age crumpet strapped to his roofrack , i.e .

In recent years especially , it would appear that there has been a greater confidence among policy makers and market participants concerning the ability of market forces to secure many of the aforementioned policy objectives and to challenge the appropriateness of certain forms of pre-existing financial sector regulatory measures .
in recent years especially , it would appear that there has been a greater confidence among policy makers and market participants concerning the ability of market forces to secure many of the [previously mentioned] policy objectives and to challenge the appropriateness of certain forms of pre-existing financial sector regulatory measures .

This should not be applied to 5 Star Maxplan or 4 Star policies , as this cover should not be provided where any of the aforementioned situations arise .
this should not be applied to 5 star maxplan or 4 star policies , as this cover should not be provided where any of the [previously mentioned] situations arise .

And it was Morse himself who had initiated the arrest of Mr Edward Stratton as he stepped off his plane in New York ; Morse himself who had spoken with the aforementioned Stratton for forty-six minutes , seven seconds — as measured by the recently installed meter in the recently constituted Telephone Room at St Aldate 's .
and it was morse himself who had initiated the arrest of mr edward stratton as he stepped off his plane in new york ; morse himself who had spoken with the [previously mentioned] stratton for forty-six minutes , seven seconds — as measured by the recently installed meter in the recently constituted telephone room at st aldate 's .

That would be backed up by the aforementioned midfield quartet plus a back four of Irwin , McGrath , Moran and Phelan with Bonner in goal .
that would be backed up by the [previously mentioned] midfield quartet plus a back four of irwin , mcgrath , moran and phelan with bonner in goal .

That all the aforementioned images be transferred to a ‘ compact disc ’ storage system .
that all the [previously mentioned] images be transferred to a ‘ compact disc ’ storage system .

But the aforementioned medrese was bestowed upon him as the result of the letter of Ferhad Pasa . ``
but the [previously mentioned] medrese was bestowed upon him as the result of the letter of ferhad pasa . ``

Not all muftis , of course , were successful when at odds with the Kadi : the aforementioned Molla Nasuh , while muderris/mufti of Aleppo , appears to have been held in some contempt by the kadi of Aleppo , Molla Shams al-Din Ahmad b .
not all muftis , of course , were successful when at odds with the kadi : the [previously mentioned] molla nasuh , while muderris/mufti of aleppo , appears to have been held in some contempt by the kadi of aleppo , molla shams al-din ahmad b .

Mecdi has certainly taken Taskopruzade to mean that Molla Fenari held the posts simultaneously , for he adds to Taskopruzade 's statement about his holding the offices the sentence : `` He united the aforementioned posts at one time . ``
mecdi has certainly taken taskopruzade to mean that molla fenari held the posts simultaneously , for he adds to taskopruzade 's statement about his holding the offices the sentence : `` he united the [previously mentioned] posts at one time . ``

Your Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of the aforementioned Resolutions , and intend themselves so to vote in respect of their own beneficial holdings totalling 117,180 ordinary shares representing 0.07% of the present issues ordinary share capital .
your directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of the [previously mentioned] resolutions , and intend themselves so to vote in respect of their own beneficial holdings totalling 117,180 ordinary shares representing 0.07% of the present issues ordinary share capital .

Aforementioned principles and provisions are binding on all Member State authorities , including the courts .
[previously mentioned] principles and provisions are binding on all member state authorities , including the courts .

2 . Fifteen per cent to meet public requirements at a central level in the territory of the aforementioned Länder …
2 . fifteen per cent to meet public requirements at a central level in the territory of the [previously mentioned] länder …

Many teachers will wish to make use of a planning grid such as that suggested in the aforementioned Non-Statutory Guidance .
many teachers will wish to make use of a planning grid such as that suggested in the [previously mentioned] non-statutory guidance .

It is a success story , however , based on all-consuming fitness , perhaps rather than the individual brilliance of the aforementioned tour candidates .
it is a success story , however , based on all-consuming fitness , perhaps rather than the individual brilliance of the [previously mentioned] tour candidates .

For goodness sake , why should small city-centre hotels have to operate restaurants or be forced into stupid little half-measures such as the aforementioned to get a rating ?
for goodness sake , why should small city-centre hotels have to operate restaurants or be forced into stupid little half-measures such as the [previously mentioned] to get a rating ?

The book ends with a conclusion which points to his aforementioned radical solution .
the book ends with a conclusion which points to his [previously mentioned] radical solution .

This would fit the many reports that had the young mother dying in childbirth , for had it been one of the aforementioned ladies Wild Will might well have been rather proud of himself .
this would fit the many reports that had the young mother dying in childbirth , for had it been one of the [previously mentioned] ladies wild will might well have been rather proud of himself .

Now he has time on his hands to reflect on a career which started so promisingly when he made his Worcestershire debut while still at Malvern College in 1982 , but never lived up to those aforementioned expectations simply because of injury .
now he has time on his hands to reflect on a career which started so promisingly when he made his worcestershire debut while still at malvern college in 1982 , but never lived up to those [previously mentioned] expectations simply because of injury .

The material he donated to the Theatre Collection consists of designs , models , groundplans and technical drawings for productions at all the aforementioned theatres and provides an unusually comprehensive survey of one designer 's work in various spheres .
the material he donated to the theatre collection consists of designs , models , groundplans and technical drawings for productions at all the [previously mentioned] theatres and provides an unusually comprehensive survey of one designer 's work in various spheres .

It could even be that one of the worn words on the aforementioned standing stone was ‘ Drustans ’ , another name for Tristan and that the stone marked the place where Mark ordered the lovers to be buried together .
it could even be that one of the worn words on the [previously mentioned] standing stone was ‘ drustans ’ , another name for tristan and that the stone marked the place where mark ordered the lovers to be buried together .

And too many of them are deliberate re-runs of those seen in the aforementioned film .
and too many of them are deliberate re-runs of those seen in the [previously mentioned] film .

These aforementioned studies were in non-diabetic hypertensive subjects but raised the possibility that similar effects might occur in diabetics .
these [previously mentioned] studies were in non-diabetic hypertensive subjects but raised the possibility that similar effects might occur in diabetics .

‘ Upon the afternoon of Friday last , the 8th instant , Herr Hamnett quitted the residence of his aforementioned colleague , with the expressed object of visiting a client in the nearby village of Kahlenbergerdorf .
‘ upon the afternoon of friday last , the 8th instant , herr hamnett quitted the residence of his [previously mentioned] colleague , with the expressed object of visiting a client in the nearby village of kahlenbergerdorf .

An unseasonal hot summer , and discreet romances — kept so by the message ‘ secrecy ’ conveyed by a full-blown rose over two buds — must have been splattered over the front page of the Bradford Clarion , owing to the overheated eagerness of the aforementioned buds to bloom .
an unseasonal hot summer , and discreet romances — kept so by the message ‘ secrecy ’ conveyed by a full-blown rose over two buds — must have been splattered over the front page of the bradford clarion , owing to the overheated eagerness of the [previously mentioned] buds to bloom .

As Bourn was such a new station , we only had the bare essentials in the way of equipment , mainly the Stevenson Screen with its thermometers , an aneroid barometer in the office and the aforementioned teleprinter .
as bourn was such a new station , we only had the bare essentials in the way of equipment , mainly the stevenson screen with its thermometers , an aneroid barometer in the office and the [previously mentioned] teleprinter .

The other Waaf was the aforementioned Olive , who had a face like an uncooked currant bun , even to the little black eyes .
the other waaf was the [previously mentioned] olive , who had a face like an uncooked currant bun , even to the little black eyes .

The difficulties in the design of suitable tests for library use — in obtaining information that is of interest to the user — may well be partly due to the aforementioned confusion of objectives between librarians , academic staff , and students .
the difficulties in the design of suitable tests for library use — in obtaining information that is of interest to the user — may well be partly due to the [previously mentioned] confusion of objectives between librarians , academic staff , and students .

We had in addition to this party , — a doctor coming to visit his mother , who lived in Coll ; a young Englishman with a fishing-rod , who had left a medical practice for a few days , to whip the burns of Coll and breathe the fine air ; a minister 's wife ; a retired minister and his wife , both in delicate health ; the fiscal of Tobermory , who had a farm in Tiree ; the Chief Constable and Sheriff Clerk from Mull , who came to investigate a case of suspected cattle poisoning ; and a young Glasgow teacher , who came to be guest of the Fiscal aforementioned .
we had in addition to this party , — a doctor coming to visit his mother , who lived in coll ; a young englishman with a fishing-rod , who had left a medical practice for a few days , to whip the burns of coll and breathe the fine air ; a minister 's wife ; a retired minister and his wife , both in delicate health ; the fiscal of tobermory , who had a farm in tiree ; the chief constable and sheriff clerk from mull , who came to investigate a case of suspected cattle poisoning ; and a young glasgow teacher , who came to be guest of the fiscal [previously mentioned] .

Thinkers , like the aforementioned , gained status because they suggest answers that have the ring of truth .
thinkers , like the [previously mentioned] , gained status because they suggest answers that have the ring of truth .

The Board , recognizing the Federal Government 's size , complexity , diversity , and impact on others , has determined that the aforementioned information is needed in addition to that included in financial statements .
the board , recognizing the federal government 's size , complexity , diversity , and impact on others , has determined that the [previously mentioned] information is needed in addition to that included in financial statements .

The preamble to the rule contains summaries of the aforementioned assessments .
the preamble to the rule contains summaries of the [previously mentioned] assessments .

Electronic signatures meeting the aforementioned criteria , however , can provide the necessary data integrity for highly automated systems because the signature `` seals '' the data once it is applied .
electronic signatures meeting the [previously mentioned] criteria , however , can provide the necessary data integrity for highly automated systems because the signature `` seals '' the data once it is applied .

Regarding the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned criteria .
regarding the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the [previously mentioned] criteria .

The sixth row , labeled `` Unknown '' shows some First-Class Mail that can not be identified with any of the aforementioned four sectors .
the sixth row , labeled `` unknown '' shows some first-class mail that can not be identified with any of the [previously mentioned] four sectors .

Columns ( 2 ) , ( 4 ) , ( 7 ) , and ( 10 ) , labeled `` Share of Total '' show the volume share of each sector in total First-Class Mail for the aforementioned fiscal years .
columns ( 2 ) , ( 4 ) , ( 7 ) , and ( 10 ) , labeled `` share of total '' show the volume share of each sector in total first-class mail for the [previously mentioned] fiscal years .

However , when we analyze the per-household volume figures , we have to remember that , for the purpose of developing those figures , we made the aforementioned assumption about the relationship of mail volume and number of households and this assumption may not hold true for some or all sectors ( or uses ) and for some or all years in Tables 1 , 2 and 3 .
however , when we analyze the per-household volume figures , we have to remember that , for the purpose of developing those figures , we made the [previously mentioned] assumption about the relationship of mail volume and number of households and this assumption may not hold true for some or all sectors ( or uses ) and for some or all years in tables 1 , 2 and 3 .

The aforementioned C. rheinhardtii , for example , comes in two mating types called plus and minus .
the [previously mentioned] c. rheinhardtii , for example , comes in two mating types called plus and minus .

This included the aforementioned RDR , which can synthesize dsRNA from ssRNA templates ( see Figure 1 ) .
this included the [previously mentioned] rdr , which can synthesize dsrna from ssrna templates ( see figure 1 ) .

In contrast , DNA as a molecular system fulfills all the aforementioned criteria .
in contrast , dna as a molecular system fulfills all the [previously mentioned] criteria .

In part , this is the upshot of digital editing technologies , which permit noodling around as never before ; and in part it 's an indication that the aforementioned `` MTV aesthetic '' is beginning to come of age .
in part , this is the upshot of digital editing technologies , which permit noodling around as never before ; and in part it 's an indication that the [previously mentioned] `` mtv aesthetic '' is beginning to come of age .

The settings have a density of detail that makes them feel authentic , from the Brooklyn basement dens of the Russian mafia to the kitsch palaces of Atlantic City to the blue-collar bingo halls of Binghamton , N.Y. ; and the aforementioned four page glossary is a bounty for urban anthropologists .
the settings have a density of detail that makes them feel authentic , from the brooklyn basement dens of the russian mafia to the kitsch palaces of atlantic city to the blue-collar bingo halls of binghamton , n.y. ; and the [previously mentioned] four page glossary is a bounty for urban anthropologists .

Participants have kept things real thus far , questioning why secret societies remain secret , what constitutes conspiratorial thought , and what differentiates the aforementioned wackos from legitimate psychodrama connoisseurs .
participants have kept things real thus far , questioning why secret societies remain secret , what constitutes conspiratorial thought , and what differentiates the [previously mentioned] wackos from legitimate psychodrama connoisseurs .

Our panel to discuss the validity and implications of these and other theories of history will consist of the aforementioned Messrs. Fukuyama , Schlesinger , Strauss , and Howe ; and Professor George Modelski , of the University of Washington .
our panel to discuss the validity and implications of these and other theories of history will consist of the [previously mentioned] messrs. fukuyama , schlesinger , strauss , and howe ; and professor george modelski , of the university of washington .

The Star suggests that Shields ' breakdown may be in part attributable to the fact that the `` stressed-out '' actress is battling a `` crippling disease '' : temporal mandibular joint syndrome , or TMJ , which sounds a bit like the aforementioned floppy trunk syndrome .
the star suggests that shields ' breakdown may be in part attributable to the fact that the `` stressed-out '' actress is battling a `` crippling disease '' : temporal mandibular joint syndrome , or tmj , which sounds a bit like the [previously mentioned] floppy trunk syndrome .

For example , the authors of the aforementioned New England Journal study characterized their finding of a 20 percent mortality reduction as `` slight . ''
for example , the authors of the [previously mentioned] new england journal study characterized their finding of a 20 percent mortality reduction as `` slight . ''

That such an ordering hardly induces in the author of the aforementioned trois such satisfaction as might be hoped to accrue to one looking down with Olympian detachment from beyond the vale of longevity is a statement the validity of which can not be called readily into question .
that such an ordering hardly induces in the author of the [previously mentioned] trois such satisfaction as might be hoped to accrue to one looking down with olympian detachment from beyond the vale of longevity is a statement the validity of which can not be called readily into question .

The North Face did a fine job here , while the Campmor faced the aforementioned armpit zipper problem .
the north face did a fine job here , while the campmor faced the [previously mentioned] armpit zipper problem .

Quite a few of the aforementioned junior pundits get money and support from right-wing think tanks , which are the moral and intellectual equivalent of the Florida Atlantic Public Intellectuals Program , if that .
quite a few of the [previously mentioned] junior pundits get money and support from right-wing think tanks , which are the moral and intellectual equivalent of the florida atlantic public intellectuals program , if that .

If the aforementioned qualms about multiple births do n't seem decisive , the NYT has a more prosaic consideration : the 35,000 diapers that the septuplets ' parents will have to change .
if the [previously mentioned] qualms about multiple births do n't seem decisive , the nyt has a more prosaic consideration : the 35,000 diapers that the septuplets ' parents will have to change .

The aforementioned anomalous success of the Marine Corps suggests a politically sensitive cause that the Times does n't mention : the feminization of the military has n't made it that much more appealing to women but has made it much less special-seeming to men .
the [previously mentioned] anomalous success of the marine corps suggests a politically sensitive cause that the times does n't mention : the feminization of the military has n't made it that much more appealing to women but has made it much less special-seeming to men .

It has been variously supposed that Hitler did what he did because of 1 ) psychological problems arising from the aforementioned single testicle ; 2 ) physical or sexual abuse by his father ; 3 ) `` epidemic encephalitis '' contracted in the trenches of World War I ; and 4 ) unforeseen aftereffects of a hypnosis session that restored his eyesight after he was wounded in a gas attack in 1918 .
it has been variously supposed that hitler did what he did because of 1 ) psychological problems arising from the [previously mentioned] single testicle ; 2 ) physical or sexual abuse by his father ; 3 ) `` epidemic encephalitis '' contracted in the trenches of world war i ; and 4 ) unforeseen aftereffects of a hypnosis session that restored his eyesight after he was wounded in a gas attack in 1918 .

Disclaimer : Bear in mind that I 've not had the opportunity to actually preview many of the aforementioned shows and in many cases am relying on press releases , written synopses , and assurances from network flacks that a particular episode does n't suck .
disclaimer : bear in mind that i 've not had the opportunity to actually preview many of the [previously mentioned] shows and in many cases am relying on press releases , written synopses , and assurances from network flacks that a particular episode does n't suck .

This would seem to violate all the aforementioned principles .
this would seem to violate all the [previously mentioned] principles .

As for the aforementioned newspaper columnists , well , I have to admit that with the exception of Maureen Dowd ( who I 'm not sure is a humor writer in the strictest sense , although she can be savagely funny ) , I do n't really read the newspaper humor folks on a regular basis .
as for the [previously mentioned] newspaper columnists , well , i have to admit that with the exception of maureen dowd ( who i 'm not sure is a humor writer in the strictest sense , although she can be savagely funny ) , i do n't really read the newspaper humor folks on a regular basis .

They determined that , compared with normal car drivers , drivers of SUVs , light pickup trucks , and minivans put more distance between themselves when they stop and accelerate more slowly at green lights , and when you combine these factors with the increased length of the aforementioned large vehicles , you get slower traffic and more traffic jams .
they determined that , compared with normal car drivers , drivers of suvs , light pickup trucks , and minivans put more distance between themselves when they stop and accelerate more slowly at green lights , and when you combine these factors with the increased length of the [previously mentioned] large vehicles , you get slower traffic and more traffic jams .

M ost dubious proof of pregnancy : The Globe 's aforementioned Jennifer Aniston story , in which one of the `` strong hints '' that Aniston was `` in a family way '' was the fact that when children come to the Friends set , she is always `` the first to rush over and ask if she can hold the tot . ''
m ost dubious proof of pregnancy : the globe 's [previously mentioned] jennifer aniston story , in which one of the `` strong hints '' that aniston was `` in a family way '' was the fact that when children come to the friends set , she is always `` the first to rush over and ask if she can hold the tot . ''

The fact that Friedman agrees with these guys is no excuse for neglecting challenges from such skeptics as George Soros , Jeffrey Sachs , Paul Krugman , or the aforementioned Barber , none of whose views he considers .
the fact that friedman agrees with these guys is no excuse for neglecting challenges from such skeptics as george soros , jeffrey sachs , paul krugman , or the [previously mentioned] barber , none of whose views he considers .

Variously described as a 'very lonely man ' and lacking 'much of an interior life , ' he is -- for all the aforementioned complexity -- strangely absent here .
variously described as a 'very lonely man ' and lacking 'much of an interior life , ' he is -- for all the [previously mentioned] complexity -- strangely absent here .

We must only hope that our Pakistani friend does not get to sound too much like the aforementioned Mr. Russert -- or any of the other Sabbath gasbags , to use the phrase that the wonderful Frank Rich has popularized .
we must only hope that our pakistani friend does not get to sound too much like the [previously mentioned] mr. russert -- or any of the other sabbath gasbags , to use the phrase that the wonderful frank rich has popularized .

That is only to be expected , inasmuch as most of the aforementioned 8,400 reporters are interviewing the same three or four people -- democrats Martin Lee , Emily Lau , and Christine Loh .
that is only to be expected , inasmuch as most of the [previously mentioned] 8,400 reporters are interviewing the same three or four people -- democrats martin lee , emily lau , and christine loh .

The NYT instead sees the influence of the fall elections , going so far as to call the aforementioned new grant limits `` political cover '' for long-time NEA critics who voted yes .
the nyt instead sees the influence of the fall elections , going so far as to call the [previously mentioned] new grant limits `` political cover '' for long-time nea critics who voted yes .

The symbolism of power conveyed by horns and horn-related Hebrew ( and other Semitic ) words as portrayed on the aforementioned coins ( or some others , which might have used the same imagery but which are no longer extant ) may well have led St. Jerome to his translation .
the symbolism of power conveyed by horns and horn-related hebrew ( and other semitic ) words as portrayed on the [previously mentioned] coins ( or some others , which might have used the same imagery but which are no longer extant ) may well have led st. jerome to his translation .

In any case , many German and Scandinavian place names have English equivalents : Munich for München , Cologne for Köln , the aforementioned Copenhagen for Kθbenhavn , Gothenburg for Göteborg , and so on .
in any case , many german and scandinavian place names have english equivalents : munich for münchen , cologne for köln , the [previously mentioned] copenhagen for kθbenhavn , gothenburg for göteborg , and so on .

