The first witness , Moses Winston Mardis , 5835 Michigan Av. , a real estate agent and former bail bondsman , took the stand after opening statements had been made .
the first witness , moses winston mardis , 5835 michigan av. , a real estate [person] and former bail bondsman , took the stand after opening statements had been made .

Employes of Montgomery Ward & Co. at The Dalles , in a National Labor Relations Board election Thursday voted to decertify Local 1565 , Retail Clerks International Association , AFL-CIO , as their collective bargaining agent .
employes of montgomery ward & co. at the dalles , in a national labor relations board election thursday voted to decertify local 1565 , retail clerks international association , afl-cio , as their collective bargaining [person] .

Sydney Larson , a staff representative for the United Steel Workers , which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking , said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent .
sydney larson , a staff representative for the united steel workers , which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking , said the state labor relations board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining [person] .

a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted Slack , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami ; ;
a review of the philosophy of communist leaders by ted slack , another real estate [person] who became interested as a philosophy major at the university of miami ; ;

A few minutes later , FBI agent Francis Crosby , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed .
a few minutes later , fbi [person] francis crosby , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed .

of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences .
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the [person] , foreknown to be among the consequences .

Within the membership of this group , as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations , the most ready portrayal of oneself to `` the public '' is that of a neutral agent simply serving the interests of a seller or buyer and mediating between them .
within the membership of this group , as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations , the most ready portrayal of oneself to `` the public '' is that of a neutral [person] simply serving the interests of a seller or buyer and mediating between them .

Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid .
though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an [person] of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid .

When you first acquire a pool , we earnestly recommend -- for your own mental health -- a good long chat with your insurance agent .
when you first acquire a pool , we earnestly recommend -- for your own mental health -- a good long chat with your insurance [person] .

Is your purchasing agent offering too much free-buying service for employees ? ?
is your purchasing [person] offering too much free-buying service for employees ? ?

Have a talk with your insurance agent .
have a talk with your insurance [person] .

Almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you .
almost any travel [person] will reserve a car for you .

If you can't tell , get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist .
if you can't tell , get help from your county agricultural [person] or other local specialist .

The role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening , but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster .
the role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening , but fire may actually be the principal [person] in a particular disaster .

He must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man .
he must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing [person] , or he does not exist as man .

Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .
accordingly the request was granted , but the elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his [person] schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the hanoverian interest to suffer and had made oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .

As is the case with the surface-active agent , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high .
as is the case with the surface-active [person] , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high .

Indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation .
indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active [person] will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation .

In an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent .
in an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active [person] .

The washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts , to some extent , as a dissolving and solvating agent .
the washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts , to some extent , as a dissolving and solvating [person] .

Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .
whereas the usual organic surface-active [person] is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .

Thus , for aqueous media , we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active agent , and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active agent .
thus , for aqueous media , we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active [person] , and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active [person] .

and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active .
and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition [person] , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active .

Calcium hydride was substituted for Af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride .
calcium hydride was substituted for af as a drying [person] for carbon tetrachloride .

An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area .
an important operational procedure in bw for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of [person] over the target area .

The intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural respiration , to aerosolized organisms .
the intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious [person] in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural respiration , to aerosolized organisms .

A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .
a number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious [person] through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .

An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious .
an enemy would obviously choose an [person] that is believed to be highly infectious .

An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .
an [person] would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .

An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population .
an aggressor would use an [person] against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population .

A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized .
a solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific [person] can be neutralized .

It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
it must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of [person] .

Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus ( Rickettsia prowazwki ) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom .
let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative [person] of epidemic typhus ( rickettsia prowazwki ) over city a and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom .

In this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack .
in this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic [person] solely through the results secured in the initial attack .

If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city , it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city .
if it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city , it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological [person] over that city .

In 1931 Mrs. F. H. Briggs , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490 .
in 1931 mrs. f. h. briggs , [person] and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490 .

No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions .
no soap or other cleaning [person] was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions .

Magwitch's hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice .
magwitch's hand here ironically becomes the [person] of justice .

-- Glycerinated muscle , in the presence of the physiological agent ( ATP ) responsible for delivering energy to the mechanochemically active proteins of muscle , has been shown to undergo a contraction which is highly sensitive both to temperature and to solvent composition in mixtures of alcohols and water .
-- glycerinated muscle , in the presence of the physiological [person] ( atp ) responsible for delivering energy to the mechanochemically active proteins of muscle , has been shown to undergo a contraction which is highly sensitive both to temperature and to solvent composition in mixtures of alcohols and water .

Sposato needed a front , some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the Redhook local .
sposato needed a front , some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business [person] of the redhook local .

It was a ridiculous situation and Rector knew it , for Hino , frankly partisan , openly gregarious , would make a poor espionage agent .
it was a ridiculous situation and rector knew it , for hino , frankly partisan , openly gregarious , would make a poor espionage [person] .

`` Nevertheless , you were its agent .
`` nevertheless , you were its [person] .

Horsely , an agent on the east end , wore the hat , trying to look like a tourist .
horsely , an [person] on the east end , wore the hat , trying to look like a tourist .

Winstone 's Ice Cream , an independent manufacturer and distributor from Rodbororugh Common , is a Mars agent .
winstone 's ice cream , an independent manufacturer and distributor from rodbororugh common , is a mars [person] .

The Police have issued an artist 's impression of the man they believe kidnapped the estate agent , Stephanie Slater , and murdered Julie Dart .
the police have issued an artist 's impression of the man they believe kidnapped the estate [person] , stephanie slater , and murdered julie dart .

The travel agent admits he 's in the wrong and says he 's trying to ensure that Norman Culliford gets at least some of his money back .
the travel [person] admits he 's in the wrong and says he 's trying to ensure that norman culliford gets at least some of his money back .

They 'd paid 98 pounds for travel insurance , but now they 've learnt that the travel agent failed to pass the premium on to the insurance company and they 're not entitled to a refund .
they 'd paid 98 pounds for travel insurance , but now they 've learnt that the travel [person] failed to pass the premium on to the insurance company and they 're not entitled to a refund .

Norman and Phyllis booked through a Swindon travel agent called Imagination Air Travel .
norman and phyllis booked through a swindon travel [person] called imagination air travel .

’ Having one ticket and tour agent means we can control the distribution of tickets … and ensure we offer a good and fair deal .
’ having one ticket and tour [person] means we can control the distribution of tickets … and ensure we offer a good and fair deal .

He and a friend had been on a cycling tour of the Himalayas , when they paid for the papers from a local travel agent .
he and a friend had been on a cycling tour of the himalayas , when they paid for the papers from a local travel [person] .

The River Wye at Hereford is a tempting playground for adults and children alike , but last night , one of the hottest of the year , it killed schoolboy Scott Trout , the 15 year old son of Hereford 's Tory party agent .
the river wye at hereford is a tempting playground for adults and children alike , but last night , one of the hottest of the year , it killed schoolboy scott trout , the 15 year old son of hereford 's tory party [person] .

Sevenhampton was where novelist Ian Fleming once earned a living writing about a secret agent called James Bond and Rupert likes to think that Roves Farm is helping to put the village back on the map .
sevenhampton was where novelist ian fleming once earned a living writing about a secret [person] called james bond and rupert likes to think that roves farm is helping to put the village back on the map .

Bitter feud … Tory agent quits his party in row over loan for house .
bitter feud … tory [person] quits his party in row over loan for house .

They 'd bought visas from a travel agent , not realising they were forged .
they 'd bought visas from a travel [person] , not realising they were forged .

They 'd bought visas from a travel agent in Nepal , not realising they were forged .
they 'd bought visas from a travel [person] in nepal , not realising they were forged .

He is also accused of the kidnap of Stephanie Slater , the estate agent from Birmingham .
he is also accused of the kidnap of stephanie slater , the estate [person] from birmingham .

Michael Sams , has been remanded in custody for three days accused of kidnapping the estate agent , Stephanie Slater .
michael sams , has been remanded in custody for three days accused of kidnapping the estate [person] , stephanie slater .

The estate agent , Stephanie Slater , has been released by her kidnapper after a ransom of one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds was paid .
the estate [person] , stephanie slater , has been released by her kidnapper after a ransom of one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds was paid .

Police hunting for clues in the hunt for the kidnapper of the Birmingham estate agent , Stephanie Slater believe there may be a connection with the kidnap and murder of the teenager , Julie Dart .
police hunting for clues in the hunt for the kidnapper of the birmingham estate [person] , stephanie slater believe there may be a connection with the kidnap and murder of the teenager , julie dart .

Police hunting for clues in the hunt for the kidnapper of the Birmingham estate agent , Stephanie Slater believe there may be a connection with the kidnap and murder of the teenager , Julie Dart .
police hunting for clues in the hunt for the kidnapper of the birmingham estate [person] , stephanie slater believe there may be a connection with the kidnap and murder of the teenager , julie dart .

Estate Agent , probably .
estate [person] , probably .

Just an Estate Agent , yeah .
just an estate [person] , yeah .

the Estate Agent they had er an auction .
the estate [person] they had er an auction .

Bilton that 's a company in n it , that 's not an agent .
bilton that 's a company in n it , that 's not an [person] .

no , nest , one who manages another 's business agent
no , nest , one who manages another 's business [person]

what is an agent
what is an [person]

What is an agent provocateur ?
what is an [person] provocateur ?

No , it was an agent planted to seduce the enemy into misbehaving , listen to this one , does a lollipop lady do blow jobs in blue movies , help British children across the road , display downward trends at the stock market it 's fucking easy in n it ? Oh shit
no , it was an [person] planted to seduce the enemy into misbehaving , listen to this one , does a lollipop lady do blow jobs in blue movies , help british children across the road , display downward trends at the stock market it 's fucking easy in n it ? oh shit

Yeah , it 's only a small estate agent
yeah , it 's only a small estate [person]

Well what estate agent 's is there up Wocking now ? Where 's Mollinees and ? Are they all fairly close ?
well what estate [person] 's is there up wocking now ? where 's mollinees and ? are they all fairly close ?

Defence agent Jack Gowans said : ‘ It was not the best day for my clients to chose because it was a dawdle for the police to catch up with them . ’
defence [person] jack gowans said : ‘ it was not the best day for my clients to chose because it was a dawdle for the police to catch up with them . ’

Other protesters accused Mr Yeltsin of being an ‘ agent of America .
other protesters accused mr yeltsin of being an ‘ [person] of america .

The newspaper Noticias-El Diario printed photocopies of what it claimed was a 1961 report by Paraguayan police agent Pedro Prokopchuk to Antonio Campos Alum , the chief of political police .
the newspaper noticias-el diario printed photocopies of what it claimed was a 1961 report by paraguayan police [person] pedro prokopchuk to antonio campos alum , the chief of political police .

The survey also found that two-thirds of the customers surveyed did not understand the Financial Services Act distinction between a tied agent and an independent financial adviser .
the survey also found that two-thirds of the customers surveyed did not understand the financial services act distinction between a tied [person] and an independent financial adviser .

He goes on : ‘ And by using an estate agent you 're dealing with a dedicated property specialist , a description which applies to only a handful of solicitors .
he goes on : ‘ and by using an estate [person] you 're dealing with a dedicated property specialist , a description which applies to only a handful of solicitors .

Stephen Maund , agent for the Conservative Party Association in Chester , said that in his letter of resignation , the duke cited the Housing and Urban Development Bill as the reason .
stephen maund , [person] for the conservative party association in chester , said that in his letter of resignation , the duke cited the housing and urban development bill as the reason .

The valuations are those of estate agent Peter Freitag but , on this occasion , they were not based on the usual detailed investigation of the inside of the houses .
the valuations are those of estate [person] peter freitag but , on this occasion , they were not based on the usual detailed investigation of the inside of the houses .

Simon Cope of London-based commercial agent Gerald Eve , which is marketing the scheme jointly with Sanderson Townend & Gilbert , said : ‘ There has been as reasonable amount of interest in the past , and marketing has occasionally been stopped while discussions have taken place , but there are serious discussions going on at the moment . ’
simon cope of london-based commercial [person] gerald eve , which is marketing the scheme jointly with sanderson townend & gilbert , said : ‘ there has been as reasonable amount of interest in the past , and marketing has occasionally been stopped while discussions have taken place , but there are serious discussions going on at the moment . ’

Brewery leases are proving extremely popular , according to agent Christie & Co It has revealed around 850 applications for new leases over the last two months and according to Paul Newman of the company 's leasing division ‘ unlike other business sectors there is a strong demand for them .
brewery leases are proving extremely popular , according to [person] christie & co it has revealed around 850 applications for new leases over the last two months and according to paul newman of the company 's leasing division ‘ unlike other business sectors there is a strong demand for them .

Her father is fellow peer Lord Underhill , formerly the Party 's national agent .
her father is fellow peer lord underhill , formerly the party 's national [person] .

Tory agent Kathy Lever said : ‘ Our vote is holding up well and we will be going flat out over the next ten days to win over the undecided voters . ’
tory [person] kathy lever said : ‘ our vote is holding up well and we will be going flat out over the next ten days to win over the undecided voters . ’

Kevin Scott , Dr Clarke 's agent , said : ‘ Just what are these people afraid of ? All we want to do is go along and put forward our policies to discuss them in a well-mannered reasoned way .
kevin scott , dr clarke 's [person] , said : ‘ just what are these people afraid of ? all we want to do is go along and put forward our policies to discuss them in a well-mannered reasoned way .

Reg Underhill was Labour 's national agent , an unspectacular but key appointment in the movement , from 1972 to 1979 .
reg underhill was labour 's national [person] , an unspectacular but key appointment in the movement , from 1972 to 1979 .

Eddie Harrison , a land agent representing landowners and farmers on the route of the pipeline said that while there was no objection in principle to it , there was concern at the extent of the water authority 's powers .
eddie harrison , a land [person] representing landowners and farmers on the route of the pipeline said that while there was no objection in principle to it , there was concern at the extent of the water authority 's powers .

The defence agent , Alex Prentice , said that Walters , now of 3 Eagles Nest , Little Sandhurst , Surrey , and earning £12,000 to £15,000 a year , could pay the fine at £200 a month .
the defence [person] , alex prentice , said that walters , now of 3 eagles nest , little sandhurst , surrey , and earning £12,000 to £15,000 a year , could pay the fine at £200 a month .

This latest controversy follows a report published yesterday in the British Medical Journal which suggests childhood leukaemia may be caused by an unidentified infectious agent , such as a virus .
this latest controversy follows a report published yesterday in the british medical journal which suggests childhood leukaemia may be caused by an unidentified infectious [person] , such as a virus .

The theory is that the type of population mixing which took place on oil installations spread that agent among oil workers who then took it back to the areas in which they lived .
the theory is that the type of population mixing which took place on oil installations spread that [person] among oil workers who then took it back to the areas in which they lived .

In rural areas which had never before been exposed to the agent , an increase in childhood leukaemia cases resulted .
in rural areas which had never before been exposed to the [person] , an increase in childhood leukaemia cases resulted .

An agent said Sheridan had a difficulty with a ban from Dundee , in that he was convener of the Scottish Militant Labour Party and was involved in a forthcoming by-election in Dundee .
an [person] said sheridan had a difficulty with a ban from dundee , in that he was convener of the scottish militant labour party and was involved in a forthcoming by-election in dundee .

An agent for McNeilage said his client was in similar difficulties , and both men were ordered to stay a mile from the Timex factory until their trial .
an [person] for mcneilage said his client was in similar difficulties , and both men were ordered to stay a mile from the timex factory until their trial .

Main Line argued that Basinger was talked out of the project by her new agent because the $60,000 commission on the deal had gone to her previous agent .
main line argued that basinger was talked out of the project by her new [person] because the $60,000 commission on the deal had gone to her previous [person] .

There will generally be 5 per cent , or more , commission payable to the introducing agent .
there will generally be 5 per cent , or more , commission payable to the introducing [person] .

An estate agent 's dream is sometimes a purchaser 's nightmare .
an estate [person] 's dream is sometimes a purchaser 's nightmare .

And an estate agent claiming so would be guilty of an offence .
and an estate [person] claiming so would be guilty of an offence .

If an estate agent is convicted under the act the client does not automatically have a right of action in civil proceedings for loss which may have been brought about as a result of the offence .
if an estate [person] is convicted under the act the client does not automatically have a right of action in civil proceedings for loss which may have been brought about as a result of the offence .

The estate agent is selling for a third party and it would be totally wrong that his client should suffer because of the false window-dressing of his agent .
the estate [person] is selling for a third party and it would be totally wrong that his client should suffer because of the false window-dressing of his [person] .

The only defence is that the estate agent took all reasonable steps and exercised all due diligence to avoid committing the offence .
the only defence is that the estate [person] took all reasonable steps and exercised all due diligence to avoid committing the offence .

To my mind it would not be sufficient for an estate agent to say that the false information was provided by the client .
to my mind it would not be sufficient for an estate [person] to say that the false information was provided by the client .

The estate agent would have to show what steps were taken to check the information .
the estate [person] would have to show what steps were taken to check the information .

But travel agent Lunn Poly substantially increased profitability following major expansion in recent years .
but travel [person] lunn poly substantially increased profitability following major expansion in recent years .

He added that , also contrary to the report , the Barkers Centre — which houses one of the group 's stores and a number of other shops and offices in London 's Kensington — ‘ has not been placed with any estate agent to sell it . ’
he added that , also contrary to the report , the barkers centre — which houses one of the group 's stores and a number of other shops and offices in london 's kensington — ‘ has not been placed with any estate [person] to sell it . ’

‘ It could be that the horse racing forensic laboratory at Newmarket fears camphor could become such an agent , ’ he said .
‘ it could be that the horse racing forensic laboratory at newmarket fears camphor could become such an [person] , ’ he said .

While the national coach sat upstairs in a Glasgow hotel fretting over the pressure that media attention can bring on young players , Ferguson 's agent , Denis Roache , sat downstairs in the foyer no doubt planning the next stage of his client 's future and acknowledging that there is , given the the player 's performance against Germany , no such thing as bad publicity .
while the national coach sat upstairs in a glasgow hotel fretting over the pressure that media attention can bring on young players , ferguson 's [person] , denis roache , sat downstairs in the foyer no doubt planning the next stage of his client 's future and acknowledging that there is , given the the player 's performance against germany , no such thing as bad publicity .

McInally 's agent just happens to be Denis Roache .
mcinally 's [person] just happens to be denis roache .

Even though he had a job to go to with Birmingham Repertory Company , his agent sent him to the Rank interview for the experience .
even though he had a job to go to with birmingham repertory company , his [person] sent him to the rank interview for the experience .

Wennington worked as an agent for the Home Farm Hamper Company , the court heard .
wennington worked as an [person] for the home farm hamper company , the court heard .

She was secretary to the Conservative agent in Darlington for 17 years .
she was secretary to the conservative [person] in darlington for 17 years .

Charnley is now a free agent .
charnley is now a free [person] .

This week he was on a beach in Malta ‘ he still gets all over the place , ’ says his agent dreaming of the Premier League .
this week he was on a beach in malta ‘ he still gets all over the place , ’ says his [person] dreaming of the premier league .

Dorothy Allen , his agent , had described him as a ’ quite remarkable ’ fellow and so , personably and articulately , it proved .
dorothy allen , his [person] , had described him as a ’ quite remarkable ’ fellow and so , personably and articulately , it proved .

His agent said he was refusing to speak to the press after an incident in which he said he had been misquoted .
his [person] said he was refusing to speak to the press after an incident in which he said he had been misquoted .

Young Fowler , an enthusiastic and personable chap chosen from 90 applicants , insists that he is a ‘ Liberal Tory ’ a phrase elucidated by his agent , retired headmaster Harry Davies .
young fowler , an enthusiastic and personable chap chosen from 90 applicants , insists that he is a ‘ liberal tory ’ a phrase elucidated by his [person] , retired headmaster harry davies .

Dr Leo Kinlen , the director of the Cancer Research Campaign 's epidemiology unit in Oxford , who carried out the research , has produced a series of studies pointing to an infectious agent being involved in leukaemia .
dr leo kinlen , the director of the cancer research campaign 's epidemiology unit in oxford , who carried out the research , has produced a series of studies pointing to an infectious [person] being involved in leukaemia .

The crowded conditions they lived in were ideal for passing on an infectious agent .
the crowded conditions they lived in were ideal for passing on an infectious [person] .

Dr Kinlen says children in densely populated urban areas are likely to have been exposed to the infectious agent and built up an immunity to it .
dr kinlen says children in densely populated urban areas are likely to have been exposed to the infectious [person] and built up an immunity to it .

Too many stereotypes an American who only eats hamburgers , a fat feminist comic , a Scotsman called Haggis , a smooth , fast-talking agent and a series of unlikely events was its downfall .
too many stereotypes an american who only eats hamburgers , a fat feminist comic , a scotsman called haggis , a smooth , fast-talking [person] and a series of unlikely events was its downfall .

Too many stereotypes an American who only eats hamburgers , a fat feminist comic , a Scotsman called Haggis , a smooth , fast-talking agent and a series of unlikely events was its downfall .
too many stereotypes an american who only eats hamburgers , a fat feminist comic , a scotsman called haggis , a smooth , fast-talking [person] and a series of unlikely events was its downfall .

Too many stereotypes an American who only eats hamburgers , a fat feminist comic , a Scotsman called Haggis , a smooth , fast-talking agent and a series of unlikely events was its downfall .
too many stereotypes an american who only eats hamburgers , a fat feminist comic , a scotsman called haggis , a smooth , fast-talking [person] and a series of unlikely events was its downfall .

Lineker 's agent came to me and told me that Lineker wanted to go to play in Japan .
lineker 's [person] came to me and told me that lineker wanted to go to play in japan .

Sams , 51 , has already admitted kidnapping 25-year-old Birmingham estate agent Stephanie Slater , but denies murdering 18-year-old Julie Dart .
sams , 51 , has already admitted kidnapping 25-year-old birmingham estate [person] stephanie slater , but denies murdering 18-year-old julie dart .

Aided by a wide assortment of weird and wonderful props from his junk-filled home , he becomes any one of hundreds of characters from an astronaut to a deep sea diver , from superhero to secret agent .
aided by a wide assortment of weird and wonderful props from his junk-filled home , he becomes any one of hundreds of characters from an astronaut to a deep sea diver , from superhero to secret [person] .

But her agent said she was still hopeful of defending her Wimbledon title .
but her [person] said she was still hopeful of defending her wimbledon title .

Michael Sams , 51 , pleaded guilty to kidnapping and imprisoning estate agent Stephanie Slater in January last year .
michael sams , 51 , pleaded guilty to kidnapping and imprisoning estate [person] stephanie slater in january last year .

Estate agent , Eric Cairns , whose company specialises in the more expensive end of the market , said : ‘ At the level we are working at you do n't get multitudes of inquiries .
estate [person] , eric cairns , whose company specialises in the more expensive end of the market , said : ‘ at the level we are working at you do n't get multitudes of inquiries .

‘ It can take two to three years before an agent is in a position to provide accurate intelligence on ops and the movements of his colleagues , bombs and weapons . ’
‘ it can take two to three years before an [person] is in a position to provide accurate intelligence on ops and the movements of his colleagues , bombs and weapons . ’

He and Kendall will meet for further discussions but if they are not fruitful , the player will become a free agent when his contract expires at the end of the month , although any transfer will command a fee .
he and kendall will meet for further discussions but if they are not fruitful , the player will become a free [person] when his contract expires at the end of the month , although any transfer will command a fee .

‘ Orders processed for next Christmas are comfortably ahead of last year with both agent numbers and customer spend showing healthy increases . ’
‘ orders processed for next christmas are comfortably ahead of last year with both [person] numbers and customer spend showing healthy increases . ’

We could all take up the role of publicity agent , advertising our own favourite recreation !
we could all take up the role of publicity [person] , advertising our own favourite recreation !

But soon a Kuomintang agent comes on the stage , and recognizes Sister Chiang .
but soon a kuomintang [person] comes on the stage , and recognizes sister chiang .

After Easter the Society will become a ‘ Party Plan ’ agent for Alison Bell Leisurewear — we hope to tie in with your coffee mornings and social events where people can see and try on the range before ordering .
after easter the society will become a ‘ party plan ’ [person] for alison bell leisurewear — we hope to tie in with your coffee mornings and social events where people can see and try on the range before ordering .

Under dual capacity a member firm can act as both agent and principal whereas previously jobbers and brokers were separated .
under dual capacity a member firm can act as both [person] and principal whereas previously jobbers and brokers were separated .

Dealing-buying , selling , subscribing for or underwriting investments , either as a principal or as an agent .
dealing-buying , selling , subscribing for or underwriting investments , either as a principal or as an [person] .

The last letter was from his music agent .
the last letter was from his music [person] .

He searched through the desk for various necessary documents that the bureaucratic world would demand to see now that he was returning to it , and took them to the suitcase in the bedroom , together with his agent 's letter .
he searched through the desk for various necessary documents that the bureaucratic world would demand to see now that he was returning to it , and took them to the suitcase in the bedroom , together with his [person] 's letter .

. But he must be an Agent sometimes ?
. but he must be an [person] sometimes ?

He must be an agent .
he must be an [person] .

Mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses condition on the surgery reverting to living accommodation , the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are required , the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds , but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the agent
mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses condition on the surgery reverting to living accommodation , the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are required , the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds , but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the [person]

One of Stephanie close colleagues has been under gun guard , police guard for a week following death threats on the alleged kidnapper , as the net closed on him he phoned estate agent Jane the girl who helped prepare the second artist impression , Jane had met him face to face when he called at the office in Great Bar Birmingham days before the kidnap to collect details on several houses for sale , her blood ran cold when she picked up the phone on Wednesday February the twelfth to hear his voice again
one of stephanie close colleagues has been under gun guard , police guard for a week following death threats on the alleged kidnapper , as the net closed on him he phoned estate [person] jane the girl who helped prepare the second artist impression , jane had met him face to face when he called at the office in great bar birmingham days before the kidnap to collect details on several houses for sale , her blood ran cold when she picked up the phone on wednesday february the twelfth to hear his voice again

It 's , oh yeah call now on that 's what you 'll have to ri ing , the central or see your agent .
it 's , oh yeah call now on that 's what you 'll have to ri ing , the central or see your [person] .

Sams , 51 , of Barrel Hill Road , Sutton-on-Trent , Nottinghamshire , has admitted kidnapping Birmingham estate agent Stephanie Slater , unlawfully imprisoning her and demanding a £175,000 ransom with menaces .
sams , 51 , of barrel hill road , sutton-on-trent , nottinghamshire , has admitted kidnapping birmingham estate [person] stephanie slater , unlawfully imprisoning her and demanding a £175,000 ransom with menaces .

Sams , 51 , of Barrel Hill Road , Sutton-on-Trent , Nottinghamshire , has admitted kidnapping Birmingham estate agent Stephanie Slater , unlawfully imprisoning her and demanding a £175,000 ransom with menaces from her then employers .
sams , 51 , of barrel hill road , sutton-on-trent , nottinghamshire , has admitted kidnapping birmingham estate [person] stephanie slater , unlawfully imprisoning her and demanding a £175,000 ransom with menaces from her then employers .

On a happier note , bridegroom Sean Davies , a 29year-old local estate agent , waded waist deep through floodwater at Llandudno to save the wedding cake .
on a happier note , bridegroom sean davies , a 29year-old local estate [person] , waded waist deep through floodwater at llandudno to save the wedding cake .

Today 's edition alleges that for five years Declan ‘ Beano ’ Casey , 39 , was the security services ' most valued double agent .
today 's edition alleges that for five years declan ‘ beano ’ casey , 39 , was the security services ' most valued double [person] .

But Sams has admitted kidnapping Birmingham estate agent Stephanie Slater , unlawfully imprisoning her in January 1992 and demanding £175,000 with menaces from her then employer .
but sams has admitted kidnapping birmingham estate [person] stephanie slater , unlawfully imprisoning her in january 1992 and demanding £175,000 with menaces from her then employer .

Agassi 's agent Bill Shelton said from Washington : ‘ Andre is 99 % certain to take the wild card .
agassi 's [person] bill shelton said from washington : ‘ andre is 99 % certain to take the wild card .

The French Open champion has ‘ a serious condition that will have to be taken care of in a substantial way , ’ said her agent , Phil de Picciotto .
the french open champion has ‘ a serious condition that will have to be taken care of in a substantial way , ’ said her [person] , phil de picciotto .

Mr Newman added the councils ' policy of inaction is shortsighted as a recent survey carried out by property agent Drivers Jonas for English Estates shows that 32pc of all office property in Middlesbrough is situated in the Enterprise Zone .
mr newman added the councils ' policy of inaction is shortsighted as a recent survey carried out by property [person] drivers jonas for english estates shows that 32pc of all office property in middlesbrough is situated in the enterprise zone .

Chris Checkley of property agent Sanderson Townend & Gilbert claims thousands of businesses in the region can gain financial help with projects , but they need to act quickly .
chris checkley of property [person] sanderson townend & gilbert claims thousands of businesses in the region can gain financial help with projects , but they need to act quickly .

As an example , the property agent Sanderson Townend & Gilbert in Newcastle recently sent out details to the press of a regional letting .
as an example , the property [person] sanderson townend & gilbert in newcastle recently sent out details to the press of a regional letting .

The agent said it had sold a commercial garage in Middlesbrough to a named company .
the [person] said it had sold a commercial garage in middlesbrough to a named company .

Aside from its geographical location and the name of the other agent involved few other details were included .
aside from its geographical location and the name of the other [person] involved few other details were included .

Paul Stevenson of the agent said : ‘ The buyer did not want its identity revealing . ’
paul stevenson of the [person] said : ‘ the buyer did not want its identity revealing . ’

The eponymous retail agent Clive Lewis has also added his voice to Ritblat 's .
the eponymous retail [person] clive lewis has also added his voice to ritblat 's .

But Middlesbrough and the North-East is not an area that appeals to the London-based agent , despite the opportunity to expand its regional representation .
but middlesbrough and the north-east is not an area that appeals to the london-based [person] , despite the opportunity to expand its regional representation .

Cheap land prices in the region , offering poor cash returns , have also deterred the agent taking it under its wing .
cheap land prices in the region , offering poor cash returns , have also deterred the [person] taking it under its wing .

Ms Sandra Milton , aged 31 , has won the first Scheduled Services Award for selling more trips from the airport than any other travel agent during the last 12 month .
ms sandra milton , aged 31 , has won the first scheduled services award for selling more trips from the airport than any other travel [person] during the last 12 month .

The underwriting agent reported a 30pc fall for the six months to March 31 , dropping to £2.6m from £3.7m in the same period last year .
the underwriting [person] reported a 30pc fall for the six months to march 31 , dropping to £2.6m from £3.7m in the same period last year .

Planning permission was granted by the council last year to an agent for the building 's owner , Herant Aghajan .
planning permission was granted by the council last year to an [person] for the building 's owner , herant aghajan .

The Darlington estate agent has also been Durham 's Euro candidate .
the darlington estate [person] has also been durham 's euro candidate .

Last time she was the agent for the then-MP , Mr Ian Wrigglesworth , and she was more than willing to step into his shoes .
last time she was the [person] for the then-mp , mr ian wrigglesworth , and she was more than willing to step into his shoes .

‘ He 's a bit of an absent minded professor , ’ the agent had said .
‘ he 's a bit of an absent minded professor , ’ the [person] had said .

Deputy Central Office agent Peter Smith said thousands of leaflets had been given to the Royal Mail in time to be sent out but were not delivered .
deputy central office [person] peter smith said thousands of leaflets had been given to the royal mail in time to be sent out but were not delivered .

Her agent , Cleveland County Coun Alan Sykes , told The Northern : ‘ Things do n't look as well as they might be . ’
her [person] , cleveland county coun alan sykes , told the northern : ‘ things do n't look as well as they might be . ’

Yesterday consumer campaigner Gwen Lamb received a letter from Development Products of Newport , Gwent , inviting her to become an agent .
yesterday consumer campaigner gwen lamb received a letter from development products of newport , gwent , inviting her to become an [person] .

It costs £49.95 , but an agent would only pay £30 .
it costs £49.95 , but an [person] would only pay £30 .

‘ You ca n't put money on him , ’ confirms Tory agent Carl Gibson , but there 's a different explanation .
‘ you ca n't put money on him , ’ confirms tory [person] carl gibson , but there 's a different explanation .

Later the couple issued a statement through Conservative agent Robin Baldry .
later the couple issued a statement through conservative [person] robin baldry .

Though Jim Lumb , his agent , describes him as ‘ a bit of an orator ’ it is not chiefly for Hague 's speaking skills that we have left the video running at home .
though jim lumb , his [person] , describes him as ‘ a bit of an orator ’ it is not chiefly for hague 's speaking skills that we have left the video running at home .

Doreen Huddart , his agent , was described as a ‘ blunt Geordie .
doreen huddart , his [person] , was described as a ‘ blunt geordie .

‘ There 's me , the agent , one man and a dog but the response has been terrific .
‘ there 's me , the [person] , one man and a dog but the response has been terrific .

So for the marque that 's become synonymous with Agent 007 , who better than former Bond girl , Fiona Fullerton unveil it ?
so for the marque that 's become synonymous with [person] 007 , who better than former bond girl , fiona fullerton unveil it ?

Halifax Property Services offer much more than the traditional role of the estate agent .
halifax property services offer much more than the traditional role of the estate [person] .

The roles of estate agent are combined with an experienced financial services adviser , as well as a building society service .
the roles of estate [person] are combined with an experienced financial services adviser , as well as a building society service .

Details of Mr Blair 's conversation with Sinn Fein over his planned visits emerged after Sunday Life received a phone call from a person claiming to be a Sinn Fein election agent .
details of mr blair 's conversation with sinn fein over his planned visits emerged after sunday life received a phone call from a person claiming to be a sinn fein election [person] .

Now a free agent , he has signed a short term contract which is renewable after four weeks .
now a free [person] , he has signed a short term contract which is renewable after four weeks .

Alan was in London talking business with his agent , Audrey Ellison , when she just happened to mention a letter she had received from a friend in Budapest about a young pianist who was about to be hauled into the Hungarian army to do his national service .
alan was in london talking business with his [person] , audrey ellison , when she just happened to mention a letter she had received from a friend in budapest about a young pianist who was about to be hauled into the hungarian army to do his national service .

The two men argued that 's it 's an abuse of the legal process for the case to come to court 24 years after they allegedly helped the soviet double agent escape from Wormwood Scrubs , but Mr Randall has mixed feelings about their victory .
the two men argued that 's it 's an abuse of the legal process for the case to come to court 24 years after they allegedly helped the soviet double [person] escape from wormwood scrubs , but mr randall has mixed feelings about their victory .

There is quite good evidence that some external agent , possibly a virus , but that 's certainly not proven , but some external factor is important in precipitating the disease .
there is quite good evidence that some external [person] , possibly a virus , but that 's certainly not proven , but some external factor is important in precipitating the disease .

That 's a very big question , and in fact we 're trying now to with the co-operation of the British Counsel , who act as a recruiting agent for our purposes , erm to conduct a survey , a sort of customer survey , of the kind of acceptance our problem has had .
that 's a very big question , and in fact we 're trying now to with the co-operation of the british counsel , who act as a recruiting [person] for our purposes , erm to conduct a survey , a sort of customer survey , of the kind of acceptance our problem has had .

The second problem — which will increase in importance with the opening of the Scottish Science Reference Library in 1986 — is more difficult to solve , as a certain amount of delay is inevitable since most serials are acquired indirectly , through the Library 's Copyright Agent in London .
the second problem — which will increase in importance with the opening of the scottish science reference library in 1986 — is more difficult to solve , as a certain amount of delay is inevitable since most serials are acquired indirectly , through the library 's copyright [person] in london .

Only two other sets of sextuplets have been born in Britain and Jan has now appointed a media agent .
only two other sets of sextuplets have been born in britain and jan has now appointed a media [person] .

Despite the tight economic conditions , there continues to be a good market for middle-sized industrial property in the city , according to Roy Backhouse , industrial agent at Richard Ellis/Hepper Robinson .
despite the tight economic conditions , there continues to be a good market for middle-sized industrial property in the city , according to roy backhouse , industrial [person] at richard ellis/hepper robinson .

The balls had been ordered through an agent by Phil Stokes , sales and marketing manager at Third Division Wrexham , for the club shop .
the balls had been ordered through an [person] by phil stokes , sales and marketing manager at third division wrexham , for the club shop .

But when they were late in arriving , Mr Stokes rang the agent and was told that they had been impounded at Dover for five weeks while checks were made for drugs .
but when they were late in arriving , mr stokes rang the [person] and was told that they had been impounded at dover for five weeks while checks were made for drugs .

They said : ‘ The last thing we would do if we suspected drugs were being imported would be to tell the agent or importer because they may be in touch with someone at the point of origin .
they said : ‘ the last thing we would do if we suspected drugs were being imported would be to tell the [person] or importer because they may be in touch with someone at the point of origin .

She is the wife of the minister 's agent in April 's General Election , David Charles Jones .
she is the wife of the minister 's [person] in april 's general election , david charles jones .

She is the wife of the minister 's agent in April 's General Election in his Cardiff North Constituency .
she is the wife of the minister 's [person] in april 's general election in his cardiff north constituency .

Maurice Melloul 's guidelines for the success of the purchasing agent in Dow corning sum up the professionalism that lies behind the words : ‘ The agent must : exercise close cost control build long term relationships bring negotiations to a ‘ win-win ’ conclusion promote and sell the best image of his company be knowledgeable about the supplier 's market and end-use applications . ’
maurice melloul 's guidelines for the success of the purchasing [person] in dow corning sum up the professionalism that lies behind the words : ‘ the [person] must : exercise close cost control build long term relationships bring negotiations to a ‘ win-win ’ conclusion promote and sell the best image of his company be knowledgeable about the supplier 's market and end-use applications . ’

For example , an estate agent might say , ‘ The house is situated four miles from the company where you work ( product feature ) which means that you can easily be at work within fifteen minutes of leaving home ’ ( customer benefit ) .
for example , an estate [person] might say , ‘ the house is situated four miles from the company where you work ( product feature ) which means that you can easily be at work within fifteen minutes of leaving home ’ ( customer benefit ) .

An agent is a firm or individual acting on behalf of another .
an [person] is a firm or individual acting on behalf of another .

Care should be exercised in appointing the right agent , and any company entering overseas markets should satisfy itself as to the agent 's reputation and financial position .
care should be exercised in appointing the right [person] , and any company entering overseas markets should satisfy itself as to the [person] 's reputation and financial position .

The agent may have other interests , and the firm should ensure that these interests do not conflict with its own .
the [person] may have other interests , and the firm should ensure that these interests do not conflict with its own .

Agents are often key figures in a firm 's overseas operations and success overseas will depend on the ability and commitment of the agent .
agents are often key figures in a firm 's overseas operations and success overseas will depend on the ability and commitment of the [person] .

Care therefore needs to be exercised in the choice of an agent and such organisations as the British Overseas Trade Board and banks will advise and assist in their selection .
care therefore needs to be exercised in the choice of an [person] and such organisations as the british overseas trade board and banks will advise and assist in their selection .

In assessing the suitability of an agent , the principal will need clear answers to the following .
in assessing the suitability of an [person] , the principal will need clear answers to the following .

Does the agent provide the required coverage for your market ?
does the [person] provide the required coverage for your market ?

What is the agent 's standing in the business community of the market in terms of professional integrity and reputation , reliability , etc. ?
what is the [person] 's standing in the business community of the market in terms of professional integrity and reputation , reliability , etc. ?

Is the agent the type of person or company that will fit in with the way your company carries out its business ? Will you be able to work with the agency ?
is the [person] the type of person or company that will fit in with the way your company carries out its business ? will you be able to work with the agency ?

Does the agent possess the resources necessary to carry out the task adequately , i.e. financial resources , transport , offices , warehouses and human resources ?
does the [person] possess the resources necessary to carry out the task adequately , i.e. financial resources , transport , offices , warehouses and human resources ?

Is the agent able to provide technical support or after-sales service arrangements if this is necessary ?
is the [person] able to provide technical support or after-sales service arrangements if this is necessary ?

Once a suitable agent has been found , progress should be carefully monitored .
once a suitable [person] has been found , progress should be carefully monitored .

Without proper product knowledge and technical appreciation of the product range , the agent will be ill-equipped to conduct negotiations with professional buyers who may be experts in their field .
without proper product knowledge and technical appreciation of the product range , the [person] will be ill-equipped to conduct negotiations with professional buyers who may be experts in their field .

Once the correct agent has been found , the right kind of working relationship must be nurtured .
once the correct [person] has been found , the right kind of working relationship must be nurtured .

Many companies feel that the appointment of a good overseas agent is an alternative to involvement in the market themselves .
many companies feel that the appointment of a good overseas [person] is an alternative to involvement in the market themselves .

The principal should also visit the agent in the market as this will give the agent a sense of value , importance , belonging and encouragement .
the principal should also visit the [person] in the market as this will give the [person] a sense of value , importance , belonging and encouragement .

It also keeps the agent well informed of developments in the principal 's country and of the principal 's products .
it also keeps the [person] well informed of developments in the principal 's country and of the principal 's products .

The principal can also give assistance to the agent by helping in the commercial negotiations between the agent and important customers , helping with special discounts or credit arrangements in order to secure business .
the principal can also give assistance to the [person] by helping in the commercial negotiations between the [person] and important customers , helping with special discounts or credit arrangements in order to secure business .

Frequency of visiting abroad by the principal will depend on the importance of the particular market , the competence of the agent and the distance from the home base .
frequency of visiting abroad by the principal will depend on the importance of the particular market , the competence of the [person] and the distance from the home base .

Therefore the very success of an agent can sometimes mean his downfall .
therefore the very success of an [person] can sometimes mean his downfall .

This problem can be overcome by negotiating a long-term arrangement once the agent has proved himself , or by inserting a gradual run-down clause into the agency agreement .
this problem can be overcome by negotiating a long-term arrangement once the [person] has proved himself , or by inserting a gradual run-down clause into the agency agreement .

In the latter case , the agent can often make a valuable contribution to , say , the setting up of a new overseas subsidiary company , or even become managing director of the subsidiary .
in the latter case , the [person] can often make a valuable contribution to , say , the setting up of a new overseas subsidiary company , or even become managing director of the subsidiary .

The distributor acts in a different capacity to that of an agent because he is the actual buyer and seller of the goods , whereas the agent works principally on commission .
the distributor acts in a different capacity to that of an [person] because he is the actual buyer and seller of the goods , whereas the [person] works principally on commission .

Like an agent , a distributor will usually be a local firm or individual and a specialist in the requirements of the local market .
like an [person] , a distributor will usually be a local firm or individual and a specialist in the requirements of the local market .

The usual way , however , is to start by using an agent , then opening its own sales office with a limited number of staff and , once profits start to show , allow the unit to become self-sufficient and expand ultimately into manufacturing .
the usual way , however , is to start by using an [person] , then opening its own sales office with a limited number of staff and , once profits start to show , allow the unit to become self-sufficient and expand ultimately into manufacturing .

Many firms employ the staff of a previous agent or distributor to form the basis of the new company .
many firms employ the staff of a previous [person] or distributor to form the basis of the new company .

Agent .
[person] .

Agent .
[person] .

estate agent .
estate [person] .

No , that 's not the er unless it 's another handling agent cos that 's not the photograph
no , that 's not the er unless it 's another handling [person] cos that 's not the photograph

Dustin played Jason Fister , a bumbling undercover Treasury agent sent to Italy to locate gangster Madigan 's ill-gotten millions , thereby becoming embroiled in a series of slapstick mishaps .
dustin played jason fister , a bumbling undercover treasury [person] sent to italy to locate gangster madigan 's ill-gotten millions , thereby becoming embroiled in a series of slapstick mishaps .

Nichols went to see the play a second time , then a call went out to Dustin 's agent , and arrangements were made to fly the actor out to his home town for a screen test .
nichols went to see the play a second time , then a call went out to dustin 's [person] , and arrangements were made to fly the actor out to his home town for a screen test .

Schlesinger 's agent tried to dissuade him from taking it on , advising him rather to direct Jack Lemmon in The April Fools .
schlesinger 's [person] tried to dissuade him from taking it on , advising him rather to direct jack lemmon in the april fools .

Here , in a role that might have better suited Peter Sellers , or , more authentically , Alberto Sordi , he goes through a few variations on Ben Braddock and Jason Fister , the agent in his first Italian misadventure .
here , in a role that might have better suited peter sellers , or , more authentically , alberto sordi , he goes through a few variations on ben braddock and jason fister , the [person] in his first italian misadventure .

When visiting the house agent , bank , garage or pet shop or making plans for the wedding reception and so on , go through the events mentally first .
when visiting the house [person] , bank , garage or pet shop or making plans for the wedding reception and so on , go through the events mentally first .

It seems unlikely to be an infectious agent that is causing the problem as only Koi and Orfe are affected .
it seems unlikely to be an infectious [person] that is causing the problem as only koi and orfe are affected .

Their Active Mouthguard is a refreshing mouthwash with a special anti-bacterial agent to fight plaque plus it contains fluoride to strengthen teeth .
their active mouthguard is a refreshing mouthwash with a special anti-bacterial [person] to fight plaque plus it contains fluoride to strengthen teeth .

The St Quintin family provided employment for several men not directly concerned with farming , land agent , gamekeepers , water bailiff and woodmen .
the st quintin family provided employment for several men not directly concerned with farming , land [person] , gamekeepers , water bailiff and woodmen .

There are two grocery stores , a post office plus groceries , butchers , hairdresser , two garages , estate agent , fashion shop , three public houses , and a blacksmith .
there are two grocery stores , a post office plus groceries , butchers , hairdresser , two garages , estate [person] , fashion shop , three public houses , and a blacksmith .

In the late 19th century businesses were varied — tailor and insurance agent , saddler and parish clerk , carrier , shoemaker , wheelwright , pig jobber , taxidermist , doctor , grocer , miller , blacksmith , bricklayer , butcher , cattle dealer , five farms , market garden and three public houses .
in the late 19th century businesses were varied — tailor and insurance [person] , saddler and parish clerk , carrier , shoemaker , wheelwright , pig jobber , taxidermist , doctor , grocer , miller , blacksmith , bricklayer , butcher , cattle dealer , five farms , market garden and three public houses .

Since then 37-year-old travel agent has steadily climbed the greasy pole towards the job he has coveted most — that of England coach .
since then 37-year-old travel [person] has steadily climbed the greasy pole towards the job he has coveted most — that of england coach .

They admit to having tentative discussions with Lindner 's agent several weeks ago but quickly lost interest in view of the player 's sky-high demands .
they admit to having tentative discussions with lindner 's [person] several weeks ago but quickly lost interest in view of the player 's sky-high demands .

‘ If he does n't get there he 'll probably sack me , ’ smiled agent Graham Rock .
‘ if he does n't get there he 'll probably sack me , ’ smiled [person] graham rock .

Laughton added that speculation about John Gallagher leaving Headingley sounded as though the player 's agent was doing all the talking .
laughton added that speculation about john gallagher leaving headingley sounded as though the player 's [person] was doing all the talking .

Plus you get a city information guide and services of a Crystal-appointed local agent .
plus you get a city information guide and services of a crystal-appointed local [person] .

But his former agent Richard Wootton says : ‘ Gerry 's disappeared .
but his former [person] richard wootton says : ‘ gerry 's disappeared .

He said he would ask Sir David Attenborough to help her , which he did by checking out her agent and saying he would look out for a film part for her .
he said he would ask sir david attenborough to help her , which he did by checking out her [person] and saying he would look out for a film part for her .

And it does n't spare the blushes of Sean Connery , Roger Moore and the others who have been issued with the secret agent 's famous licence to kill .
and it does n't spare the blushes of sean connery , roger moore and the others who have been issued with the secret [person] 's famous licence to kill .

Remember that you are self employed and a free agent .
remember that you are self employed and a free [person] .

Celtic boss Liam Brady was once Slater 's agent and targeted his young hopeful from the moment he moved into management .
celtic boss liam brady was once slater 's [person] and targeted his young hopeful from the moment he moved into management .

An agent said : ‘ Mia just wants to survive .
an [person] said : ‘ mia just wants to survive .

Dennett 's agent said last night : ‘ Mike 's a busy man .
dennett 's [person] said last night : ‘ mike 's a busy man .

Mr Lavender , an insurance agent who was studying for a master 's degree , was found slumped on the ground in Battersea High Street , South London , by a group of youngsters .
mr lavender , an insurance [person] who was studying for a master 's degree , was found slumped on the ground in battersea high street , south london , by a group of youngsters .

The thought sent a shudder through Penny Tackaberry , television agent for the estate of Bunter 's creator , Frank Richards .
the thought sent a shudder through penny tackaberry , television [person] for the estate of bunter 's creator , frank richards .

He tearfully said he only wanted to give the innocent insurance agent a ‘ headache ’ and wept so much in court that police branded him the ‘ cry-baby killer ’ .
he tearfully said he only wanted to give the innocent insurance [person] a ‘ headache ’ and wept so much in court that police branded him the ‘ cry-baby killer ’ .

After working in the prison service , he joined the defence forces before becoming an intelligence agent .
after working in the prison service , he joined the defence forces before becoming an intelligence [person] .

Pat , 43 , turns travel agent once a year to take a vote among neighbours where they want to go .
pat , 43 , turns travel [person] once a year to take a vote among neighbours where they want to go .

Simon , who quit his job as an estate agent , begins a one-year accountancy course in Newcastle upon Tyne today .
simon , who quit his job as an estate [person] , begins a one-year accountancy course in newcastle upon tyne today .

Raid on his agent
raid on his [person]

Estate agent Mr Bell , 45 , said he was not surprised at the size of his wife 's will .
estate [person] mr bell , 45 , said he was not surprised at the size of his wife 's will .

Estate agent Darren Horsewell , 28 , was remanded in custody for a week .
estate [person] darren horsewell , 28 , was remanded in custody for a week .

Traditionally tanned leathers will need to be treated with a good wax proofing agent to make them water resistant , although some leathers are now treated at the tanneries with special waterproof finishes .
traditionally tanned leathers will need to be treated with a good wax proofing [person] to make them water resistant , although some leathers are now treated at the tanneries with special waterproof finishes .

Walking down the aisle would have been too tame for Timothy , a carnival gaming agent from Florida , and Nony Tedjakasume , a computer analyst from Jakarta , Indonesia .
walking down the aisle would have been too tame for timothy , a carnival gaming [person] from florida , and nony tedjakasume , a computer analyst from jakarta , indonesia .

Jon 's agent , Philip Ettinger , said : ‘ He is quite comfortable .
jon 's [person] , philip ettinger , said : ‘ he is quite comfortable .

Yesterday his agent Rory Wilson said the tea lady ban was his idea — but the duke knew of it .
yesterday his [person] rory wilson said the tea lady ban was his idea — but the duke knew of it .

Police are combing missing person lists across the country and have contacted the parents of London estate agent Suzy Lamplugh , who vanished in 1986 .
police are combing missing person lists across the country and have contacted the parents of london estate [person] suzy lamplugh , who vanished in 1986 .

While other holidaymakers end up changing their last few pesetas and returning to bills on the doormat , bronzed Antonia was laughing all the way to her agent Max Clifford .
while other holidaymakers end up changing their last few pesetas and returning to bills on the doormat , bronzed antonia was laughing all the way to her [person] max clifford .

And one leading agent reckoned the film would make just £2 million .
and one leading [person] reckoned the film would make just £2 million .

Fergie fans will argue she 's separated from Andy and the marriage is effectively over . As a free agent , if she wants to lark around topless and snog in the sun with Bryan , what 's it got to do with anyone else ?
fergie fans will argue she 's separated from andy and the marriage is effectively over . as a free [person] , if she wants to lark around topless and snog in the sun with bryan , what 's it got to do with anyone else ?

He immediately began making anonymous donations to charity — but stayed as an agent with Kleeneze .
he immediately began making anonymous donations to charity — but stayed as an [person] with kleeneze .

The paper had been relaunched by Maurice Kinn , a successful London agent and promoter who , by turning up at an agreed location on the stroke of noon with £1,000 pounds of borrowed cash in hand , acquired the title and promptly added the New .
the paper had been relaunched by maurice kinn , a successful london [person] and promoter who , by turning up at an agreed location on the stroke of noon with £1,000 pounds of borrowed cash in hand , acquired the title and promptly added the new .

One top pop agent reveals : ‘ With a single so high in the charts Felix should be earning up to £2,000 a night in clubs .
one top pop [person] reveals : ‘ with a single so high in the charts felix should be earning up to £2,000 a night in clubs .

Pesci plays a shifty real estate agent who becomes a thorn in the flesh of Mel Gibson and Danny Glover … and manages to steal every scene he is in .
pesci plays a shifty real estate [person] who becomes a thorn in the flesh of mel gibson and danny glover … and manages to steal every scene he is in .

Housing ( every agent plus property sheets ) ; and
housing ( every [person] plus property sheets ) ; and

the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .
the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate [person] 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .

Cadbury Schweppes 's policy reimburses eligible recruits ' furniture removal charges , legal expenses and estate agent 's fees but states that : ‘ New employees do not qualify for — bridging loans , disturbance allowance , travelling expenses , hotel expenses .
cadbury schweppes 's policy reimburses eligible recruits ' furniture removal charges , legal expenses and estate [person] 's fees but states that : ‘ new employees do not qualify for — bridging loans , disturbance allowance , travelling expenses , hotel expenses .

Organisations may take on the letting of the employee 's property together with its insurance and maintenance or engage a managing agent or specialist relocation firm to do it .
organisations may take on the letting of the employee 's property together with its insurance and maintenance or engage a managing [person] or specialist relocation firm to do it .

An unemployed actor went to his agent to complain about his agent not having found him any work in months .
an unemployed actor went to his [person] to complain about his [person] not having found him any work in months .

‘ Well , ’ said the agent , ‘ they 're looking for someone to play Long John Silver in a new production of Treasure Island . ’
‘ well , ’ said the [person] , ‘ they 're looking for someone to play long john silver in a new production of treasure island . ’

‘ Oh , no , ’ said the agent . ‘ On Monday you 'll be having your leg off ! ’
‘ oh , no , ’ said the [person] . ‘ on monday you 'll be having your leg off ! ’

The actor did n't much fancy having his leg amputated , so he asked his agent if there were any other jobs going .
the actor did n't much fancy having his leg amputated , so he asked his [person] if there were any other jobs going .

‘ Hmm … ’ said his agent .
‘ hmm … ’ said his [person] .

Then the actor told his agent he wanted to see his name up in lights at the cinema .
then the actor told his [person] he wanted to see his name up in lights at the cinema .

So the actor told the agent he would do brilliant bird impressions .
so the actor told the [person] he would do brilliant bird impressions .

‘ That 's no good , ’ said the agent .
‘ that 's no good , ’ said the [person] .

Nuclear weapons might indeed be considered an ‘ analogous device ’ which , like bacteriological weaponry , is a potentially uncontrollable agent of mass destruction with an unprecedented capability to destroy the physical integrity of the planet and threaten our existence as a species ( Falk , Meyrowitz and Sanderson , 1981 , p. 31 ) .
nuclear weapons might indeed be considered an ‘ analogous device ’ which , like bacteriological weaponry , is a potentially uncontrollable [person] of mass destruction with an unprecedented capability to destroy the physical integrity of the planet and threaten our existence as a species ( falk , meyrowitz and sanderson , 1981 , p. 31 ) .

For one way of denying someone the respect to which he is entitled is by failing to treat him as an autonomous agent , for example , by unreasonably restricting the range of alternative courses of action from which he can choose .
for one way of denying someone the respect to which he is entitled is by failing to treat him as an autonomous [person] , for example , by unreasonably restricting the range of alternative courses of action from which he can choose .

In America these days stars do n't just have an agent , they have publicity assistants and managers and accountants , who are becoming increasingly important .
in america these days stars do n't just have an [person] , they have publicity assistants and managers and accountants , who are becoming increasingly important .

Both self-sufficiency and its chief agent of propaganda — doubt — depend on a strictly censored , closely monitored view of reality .
both self-sufficiency and its chief [person] of propaganda — doubt — depend on a strictly censored , closely monitored view of reality .

Each candidate must have an agent ( who may , however , be himself ) and must notify the returning officer of his name and address ( 1983 Act , s.67 ) .
each candidate must have an [person] ( who may , however , be himself ) and must notify the returning officer of his name and address ( 1983 act , s.67 ) .

The agent must have an office ; he is the channel of official communications about the election .
the [person] must have an office ; he is the channel of official communications about the election .

Section 75 of the 1983 Act prohibits expenditure ‘ with a view to promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at an election ’ on items such as meetings , circulars or other promotional activities by any person other than the candidate or his agent .
section 75 of the 1983 act prohibits expenditure ‘ with a view to promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at an election ’ on items such as meetings , circulars or other promotional activities by any person other than the candidate or his [person] .

Then there will be many people and organisations she will need to notify of her date of removal and her new address , such as the Gas and Electricity Boards ; the Department of Health and Social Security , for the transfer of the drawing of her pension to the post office near your home ; the local rates office , income tax office , and television rental office ; the bank manager , and building society or other places where she may have invested her savings ; her insurance agent , the headquarters of any pension fund to which she may belong , the telephone manager , and the post office for the redirection of her letters ( for which a form has to be completed and a fee paid ) .
then there will be many people and organisations she will need to notify of her date of removal and her new address , such as the gas and electricity boards ; the department of health and social security , for the transfer of the drawing of her pension to the post office near your home ; the local rates office , income tax office , and television rental office ; the bank manager , and building society or other places where she may have invested her savings ; her insurance [person] , the headquarters of any pension fund to which she may belong , the telephone manager , and the post office for the redirection of her letters ( for which a form has to be completed and a fee paid ) .

Unlike still red wines , sparkling Champagne does not benefit from a detectable tannin content , although a little tannin will be added prior to the last racking to activate the fining agent .
unlike still red wines , sparkling champagne does not benefit from a detectable tannin content , although a little tannin will be added prior to the last racking to activate the fining [person] .

Perhaps you can strike a deal with an estate agent for temporary use of an empty shop space , or find a suitable display area in an hotel , a restaurant or a theatre .
perhaps you can strike a deal with an estate [person] for temporary use of an empty shop space , or find a suitable display area in an hotel , a restaurant or a theatre .

‘ He is the free agent .
‘ he is the free [person] .

Harvey Wilson , promoted swiftly from field agent , had replaced Paula 's deceased husband as controller for Germany , Holland and Belgium .
harvey wilson , promoted swiftly from field [person] , had replaced paula 's deceased husband as controller for germany , holland and belgium .

To his right the tractor loomed over him , the agent of destruction .
to his right the tractor loomed over him , the [person] of destruction .

Most crucially it means identifying the population which is at ‘ risk ’ of being exposed to the noxious or infectious agent via proximity or because of certain characteristics which make them more vulnerable .
most crucially it means identifying the population which is at ‘ risk ’ of being exposed to the noxious or infectious [person] via proximity or because of certain characteristics which make them more vulnerable .

Primary prevention refers to attempts to eliminate the noxious or infectious agent at its source , either through changes to its habitat or immunization which makes the body invulnerable to it .
primary prevention refers to attempts to eliminate the noxious or infectious [person] at its source , either through changes to its habitat or immunization which makes the body invulnerable to it .

Brean Murray Foster Securities Inc acted as the agent for the placing .
brean murray foster securities inc acted as the [person] for the placing .

For full details see your travel agent or Call us on 01–
for full details see your travel [person] or call us on 01–

See your Travel Agent or call Delta on .
see your travel [person] or call delta on .

‘ The Marriott not only has the best service in town , but the best business facilities as well , ’ commented Travel Agent Magazine .
‘ the marriott not only has the best service in town , but the best business facilities as well , ’ commented travel [person] magazine .

For reservations , see your Travel Agent or call our reservation line on .
for reservations , see your travel [person] or call our reservation line on .

And in Israel , scientists have discovered a new way of producing an anti-clotting agent for use during surgery — simply by milking the ordinary leech .
and in israel , scientists have discovered a new way of producing an anti-clotting [person] for use during surgery — simply by milking the ordinary leech .

Another agent was employed instead to try to apprehend Tyndale , who once more had to disappear underground .
another [person] was employed instead to try to apprehend tyndale , who once more had to disappear underground .

Diatomite is now being extracted for use as a filter aid and as an anti-caking agent for coating fertiliser pellets .
diatomite is now being extracted for use as a filter aid and as an anti-caking [person] for coating fertiliser pellets .

Chartered Surveyor and Estate Agent specialising in exclusive properties on the French Riviera
chartered surveyor and estate [person] specialising in exclusive properties on the french riviera

For more details and a colour brochure please contact your travel agent or telephone Clare at our Reservations office on 01– .
for more details and a colour brochure please contact your travel [person] or telephone clare at our reservations office on 01– .

As Reg Underhill , he carried out the key role of national agent for Labour from 1972 to 1979 . On retiring from the post he became a life peer and was appointed deputy leader of the Labour Party in the Lords in 1982 , an office he relinquished only two years ago ,
as reg underhill , he carried out the key role of national [person] for labour from 1972 to 1979 . on retiring from the post he became a life peer and was appointed deputy leader of the labour party in the lords in 1982 , an office he relinquished only two years ago ,

First , make sure you book Club Europe Drive at the same time as you reserve your Club Europe flight , calling either your dedicated Executive Club Reservation number on , or your travel agent .
first , make sure you book club europe drive at the same time as you reserve your club europe flight , calling either your dedicated executive club reservation number on , or your travel [person] .

John is described as a ‘ law-agent ’ , but at election time , as the Lowthers were usually against the Whigs , ‘ Tory agent ’ would be a more accurate title .
john is described as a ‘ law-agent ’ , but at election time , as the lowthers were usually against the whigs , ‘ tory [person] ’ would be a more accurate title .

Wordsworth , on the other hand , placed more value on Nature as a religious and moral agent ; he began those speculations about the meaning and direction of his own life which eventually built up into The Prelude .
wordsworth , on the other hand , placed more value on nature as a religious and moral [person] ; he began those speculations about the meaning and direction of his own life which eventually built up into the prelude .

Ted Hill , the Labour Party agent , has told the Enfield Advertiser that he is taking legal advice about this .
ted hill , the labour party [person] , has told the enfield advertiser that he is taking legal advice about this .

Antifungal preparations such as nystatin and clotrimazole ; Iodosorb ( a medicated dressing ) and Varidase ( a desloughing agent ) are also included .
antifungal preparations such as nystatin and clotrimazole ; iodosorb ( a medicated dressing ) and varidase ( a desloughing [person] ) are also included .

Agent Orange by Haldane
[person] orange by haldane

‘ We may have hit paydirt , Chief , ’ said the agent tersely .
‘ we may have hit paydirt , chief , ’ said the [person] tersely .

The agent was in London by noon .
the [person] was in london by noon .

Two months earlier , the agent had discovered , the place had been rented by a small group of supposed ‘ rustic freaks ’ who claimed they wanted to return to nature , live simply and create artefacts in pottery and basket-weaving .
two months earlier , the [person] had discovered , the place had been rented by a small group of supposed ‘ rustic freaks ’ who claimed they wanted to return to nature , live simply and create artefacts in pottery and basket-weaving .

‘ The thing is , ’ said the agent , ‘ they had the money for the rental in cash , they do n't seem to sell much pottery , but they can run two off-road jeeps which are parked undercover in the barns .
‘ the thing is , ’ said the [person] , ‘ they had the money for the rental in cash , they do n't seem to sell much pottery , but they can run two off-road jeeps which are parked undercover in the barns .

There were two hours of daylight left when Kevin Brown and the agent parked their car in the entrance to a farm track and made the rest on foot .
there were two hours of daylight left when kevin brown and the [person] parked their car in the entrance to a farm track and made the rest on foot .

Guided by the agent , the pair approached with extreme caution , using the trees for cover , until they emerged from the tree-line above the valley .
guided by the [person] , the pair approached with extreme caution , using the trees for cover , until they emerged from the tree-line above the valley .

As Kevin Brown and his agent slithered off the rim of the high ground and into the woodland , he drew a small radio from his pocket and spoke quietly and urgently for several seconds .
as kevin brown and his [person] slithered off the rim of the high ground and into the woodland , he drew a small radio from his pocket and spoke quietly and urgently for several seconds .

Days , weeks later , someone somewhere would enter a house or a flat , a cleaner , a caretaker , a real estate agent , and there he 'd be .
days , weeks later , someone somewhere would enter a house or a flat , a cleaner , a caretaker , a real estate [person] , and there he 'd be .

He was a skilled enough agent to be able to drop into almost any city and disappear from view .
he was a skilled enough [person] to be able to drop into almost any city and disappear from view .

Frantically Brown scrabbled for the phone that would connect his with his Special Agent in Kensington .
frantically brown scrabbled for the phone that would connect his with his special [person] in kensington .

‘ Agent Somerville , ’ he boomed when he heard her on the line , ‘ get after him . ’
‘ [person] somerville , ’ he boomed when he heard her on the line , ‘ get after him . ’

‘ Hey , hold on , Agent Somerville , ’ said Kelly indignantly .
‘ hey , hold on , [person] somerville , ’ said kelly indignantly .

‘ All right , Agent Somerville , you got it .
‘ all right , [person] somerville , you got it .

‘ You 're making a mistake , Agent Somerville , ’ he said .
‘ you 're making a mistake , [person] somerville , ’ he said .

Fortunately for Quinn , Sam was a trained agent , and had been through her apprenticeship in stake-out duties , than which nothing is more boring .
fortunately for quinn , sam was a trained [person] , and had been through her apprenticeship in stake-out duties , than which nothing is more boring .

Her assignment here is as gleeful agent provocateur , playing the same role in the context of the literary establishment that those watchful , silent women play in her own fiction — women who wait out their lives in the house of the enemy , gathering information , biding their time .
her assignment here is as gleeful [person] provocateur , playing the same role in the context of the literary establishment that those watchful , silent women play in her own fiction — women who wait out their lives in the house of the enemy , gathering information , biding their time .

How and when to tell the kids , Malc , Pam , Rog , my agent ?
how and when to tell the kids , malc , pam , rog , my [person] ?

At 10 o'clock this morning Clifford Elson , my press agent , rang .
at 10 o'clock this morning clifford elson , my press [person] , rang .

Then he became an agent .
then he became an [person] .

John had hired a press agent called Clifford Elson ( clever John — a good press agent is essential to a showbiz career and Clifford is the best ) .
john had hired a press [person] called clifford elson ( clever john — a good press [person] is essential to a showbiz career and clifford is the best ) .

Madonna needs a press agent
madonna needs a press [person]

His rival Jonathan Ross still sports the spivvy whistle of an Eighties estate agent .
his rival jonathan ross still sports the spivvy whistle of an eighties estate [person] .

We said we were a design consultant and a travel agent .
we said we were a design consultant and a travel [person] .

‘ We know a travel agent who came within a whisker of losing his job , all for innocently caressing a colleague 's bum while she was closing a sale on a two-week package to Alicante on the phone .
‘ we know a travel [person] who came within a whisker of losing his job , all for innocently caressing a colleague 's bum while she was closing a sale on a two-week package to alicante on the phone .

Agent Orange by Haldane
[person] orange by haldane

In 1841 the Madeiran Press published an advertisement , by the Governor of British Guiana , Sir Henry George Macleod , for an agent in Madeira and offered rewards for settlers who went to British Guiana .
in 1841 the madeiran press published an advertisement , by the governor of british guiana , sir henry george macleod , for an [person] in madeira and offered rewards for settlers who went to british guiana .

In the 1940s there was an agent in Madeira for recruiting emigrants , and he gave would-be emigrants a medical examination and enquired into their marital status , number of children , qualifications and so on .
in the 1940s there was an [person] in madeira for recruiting emigrants , and he gave would-be emigrants a medical examination and enquired into their marital status , number of children , qualifications and so on .

The way was thereby opened for English merchants to establish themselves in the island , and William Bolton came to Madeira as an agent for Robert Heysham of London , who had a brother in Barbados to whom Bolton shipped a large quantity of wine .
the way was thereby opened for english merchants to establish themselves in the island , and william bolton came to madeira as an [person] for robert heysham of london , who had a brother in barbados to whom bolton shipped a large quantity of wine .

William Cossart arrived in Madeira in 1808 from Ireland , where he had been the agent for Newton , Gordon , Murdoch & Co .
william cossart arrived in madeira in 1808 from ireland , where he had been the [person] for newton , gordon , murdoch & co .

Never a subtle diplomat , Jarman upturns the tables in his role as agent provocateur by declaring that heterosexuality ‘ is an abnormal psychological state , ’ and that ‘ all men are homosexual , some turn straight ’ .
never a subtle diplomat , jarman upturns the tables in his role as [person] provocateur by declaring that heterosexuality ‘ is an abnormal psychological state , ’ and that ‘ all men are homosexual , some turn straight ’ .

The estate agent came down from Dublin to show them over .
the estate [person] came down from dublin to show them over .

The estate agent beamed at her .
the estate [person] beamed at her .

‘ Punchestown racecourse is on the right , ’ the agent announced .
‘ punchestown racecourse is on the right , ’ the [person] announced .

At the end he said to the agent , ‘ It needs a fortune spending on it .
at the end he said to the [person] , ‘ it needs a fortune spending on it .

The agent hesitated .
the [person] hesitated .

The Carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in Conditions 3–17 inclusive hereof to ‘ The Carrier ’ shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the Contract and collectively and together with the Carrier be under no greater liability to the Trader or any other party than is the Carrier hereunder .
the carrier contracts for itself and as [person] of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in conditions 3–17 inclusive hereof to ‘ the carrier ’ shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and [person] with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the contract and collectively and together with the carrier be under no greater liability to the trader or any other party than is the carrier hereunder .

all consequences suffered by the Carrier ( including but not limited to claims , demands , proceedings , fines , penalties , damages , costs , expenses , and loss of or damage to the carrying vehicle and to other goods carried ) of any error , omission , mis-statement or misrepresentation by the Trader or other owner of the goods or by any servant or agent of either of them , insufficient or improper packing , labelling or addressing of the goods or fraud as in Condition 10 :
all consequences suffered by the carrier ( including but not limited to claims , demands , proceedings , fines , penalties , damages , costs , expenses , and loss of or damage to the carrying vehicle and to other goods carried ) of any error , omission , mis-statement or misrepresentation by the trader or other owner of the goods or by any servant or [person] of either of them , insufficient or improper packing , labelling or addressing of the goods or fraud as in condition 10 :

If any such lien is not satisfied within a reasonable time the Carrier may at his absolute discretion sell the goods , or part thereof , as agent for the owner and apply the proceeds towards the monies due and the expenses of the retention , insurance and sale of the goods and shall , upon accounting to the Trader for any balance remaining , be discharged from all liability whatever in respect of the goods .
if any such lien is not satisfied within a reasonable time the carrier may at his absolute discretion sell the goods , or part thereof , as [person] for the owner and apply the proceeds towards the monies due and the expenses of the retention , insurance and sale of the goods and shall , upon accounting to the trader for any balance remaining , be discharged from all liability whatever in respect of the goods .

This case shows that real problems can arise even if an agent is specifically instructed to make tachochart analyses .
this case shows that real problems can arise even if an [person] is specifically instructed to make tachochart analyses .

However , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .
however , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an [person] to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient [person] .

Warning that he would not be so lenient in the future , Mr Peter said it seemed to him that there was a warning for operators here generally , if they decided to go to a tachograph analysis agent .
warning that he would not be so lenient in the future , mr peter said it seemed to him that there was a warning for operators here generally , if they decided to go to a tachograph analysis [person] .

Travel agent
travel [person]

But he had no precise idea where Adam was and he did not think Adam 's travel agent ( a personal friend of the young Verne-Smiths ) would tell him .
but he had no precise idea where adam was and he did not think adam 's travel [person] ( a personal friend of the young verne-smiths ) would tell him .

He was in agreement with my suggestion that the property be sold and before he returned to college in the autumn of 1976 , he took my advice and placed house and lands in the hands of an estate agent .
he was in agreement with my suggestion that the property be sold and before he returned to college in the autumn of 1976 , he took my advice and placed house and lands in the hands of an estate [person] .

He drove home and this time he felt able to phone the travel agent friend of Adam 's without fear of a rebuff .
he drove home and this time he felt able to phone the travel [person] friend of adam 's without fear of a rebuff .

He let in the estate agent and took him over the house , into the drawing room and the dining room , upstairs to the Pincushion Room , the Centaur Room , the Room of Astonishment , the Deathbed Room , the Room Without a Name , and then back down the back stairs to that jumble of kitchens and scullery and washhouse and coal-store , most of it a nineteenth century addition .
he let in the estate [person] and took him over the house , into the drawing room and the dining room , upstairs to the pincushion room , the centaur room , the room of astonishment , the deathbed room , the room without a name , and then back down the back stairs to that jumble of kitchens and scullery and washhouse and coal-store , most of it a nineteenth century addition .

He opened the door to the gun-room and showed the estate agent the interior .
he opened the door to the gun-room and showed the estate [person] the interior .

The estate agent suggested an asking price and took some measurements and then a photograph , standing on the edge of the lawn that had become a meadow , where Rufus had stood and taken photographs a year before .
the estate [person] suggested an asking price and took some measurements and then a photograph , standing on the edge of the lawn that had become a meadow , where rufus had stood and taken photographs a year before .

Adam had given his only key to the estate agent .
adam had given his only key to the estate [person] .

Presumably , the estate agent would have given him a lift somewhere .
presumably , the estate [person] would have given him a lift somewhere .

If his father had n't been so bloody-minded and had let him use the family car , he would no doubt have gone down alone and come back next day , having called on some estate agent in Hadleigh or Sudbury and asked them to sell the house for him , the very one probably that he had gone to in the following year .
if his father had n't been so bloody-minded and had let him use the family car , he would no doubt have gone down alone and come back next day , having called on some estate [person] in hadleigh or sudbury and asked them to sell the house for him , the very one probably that he had gone to in the following year .

One morning a letter arrived from my literary agent , Michael Sissons , enclosing a handwritten manuscript of some 100,000 words written by a prisoner named David Cooper who , ten years earlier , had been sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in the Luton murder .
one morning a letter arrived from my literary [person] , michael sissons , enclosing a handwritten manuscript of some 100,000 words written by a prisoner named david cooper who , ten years earlier , had been sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in the luton murder .

The Cellar is situated in the basement of a building owned by a local estate agent and on the fringe of the main shopping area .
the cellar is situated in the basement of a building owned by a local estate [person] and on the fringe of the main shopping area .

This arrangement accounts for the bulk of the hotel 's travel agent bookings .
this arrangement accounts for the bulk of the hotel 's travel [person] bookings .

For all those who thought that homo-eroticism began and ended with Boyz magazine , this photo collection gives a lens-eye view of one Montague Glover , a British Bruce Weber for the Twenties and Thirties ( but without the casting agent , American beefcake or dogs ) .
for all those who thought that homo-eroticism began and ended with boyz magazine , this photo collection gives a lens-eye view of one montague glover , a british bruce weber for the twenties and thirties ( but without the casting [person] , american beefcake or dogs ) .

Besides , adds Damon , he does n't need an agent to find him scripts , because he 's planning to write his own .
besides , adds damon , he does n't need an [person] to find him scripts , because he 's planning to write his own .

His agent was sorting out the fine print .
his [person] was sorting out the fine print .

The law of agency relates to situations where a person or a business legally commits another to an agreement by acting on their behalf as their agent .
the law of agency relates to situations where a person or a business legally commits another to an agreement by acting on their behalf as their [person] .

When an agent makes a contract either the principal is liable or the agent is liable for a breach of authority .
when an [person] makes a contract either the principal is liable or the [person] is liable for a breach of authority .

The bottom line for liability is that you are only legally committed to an agreement made by an agent when :
the bottom line for liability is that you are only legally committed to an agreement made by an [person] when :

You have authorised the agent to make the agreement on your behalf .
you have authorised the [person] to make the agreement on your behalf .

It is the sort of agreement that the agent would normally make for you .
it is the sort of agreement that the [person] would normally make for you .

It is the sort of agreement that you have let others know that your agent has the power to make on your behalf .
it is the sort of agreement that you have let others know that your [person] has the power to make on your behalf .

On receipt of the returned summons you or your agent must now complete the service copy of the summons by putting in the return day and calling day and then arranging for it to be served on your debtor .
on receipt of the returned summons you or your [person] must now complete the service copy of the summons by putting in the return day and calling day and then arranging for it to be served on your debtor .

If instalments are offered , or your debtor does n't return his section of the summons to the court , you or your agent must complete the minute book at the court no later than 24 hours before the calling date or your call will be dismissed .
if instalments are offered , or your debtor does n't return his section of the summons to the court , you or your [person] must complete the minute book at the court no later than 24 hours before the calling date or your call will be dismissed .

Naturally , either they or their solicitors can use a Scottish solicitor or agent to help them , but unless the debt is sizeable the tendency is to consider this too much time , trouble and expense .
naturally , either they or their solicitors can use a scottish solicitor or [person] to help them , but unless the debt is sizeable the tendency is to consider this too much time , trouble and expense .

When ‘ Dick ’ met Wayne for the first time , Widmark said to the Duke , ‘ Tell your press agent that the name is Richard .
when ‘ dick ’ met wayne for the first time , widmark said to the duke , ‘ tell your press [person] that the name is richard .

How the hell did a man stop being an agent and suddenly become a civil servant ?
how the hell did a man stop being an [person] and suddenly become a civil servant ?

From his safe view point , Manville observed the pursuing agent closely .
from his safe view point , manville observed the pursuing [person] closely .

Hurrying to the door , Manville held the sack up so that it half obscured his face and walked briskly after the young agent .
hurrying to the door , manville held the sack up so that it half obscured his face and walked briskly after the young [person] .

The agent looked into Manville 's eyes sheepishly , saying nothing .
the [person] looked into manville 's eyes sheepishly , saying nothing .

The young agent decided there was no further point in trying to bluff . ‘ You gon na put me on the carpet ? ’
the young [person] decided there was no further point in trying to bluff . ‘ you gon na put me on the carpet ? ’

Ybreska had never thought of himself as an agent , or a spy .
ybreska had never thought of himself as an [person] , or a spy .

He was an agent , not of the capitalist West , but of the spirit of human freedom .
he was an [person] , not of the capitalist west , but of the spirit of human freedom .

With Operation Cuckoo brought to a conclusion , the entire three-man link to Georgi Kirov was as useless and obsolete as the old agent himself .
with operation cuckoo brought to a conclusion , the entire three-man link to georgi kirov was as useless and obsolete as the old [person] himself .

But it still leaves us with the crucial problem that Sartre had to solve , namely how to link human consciousness with the processes of history so that the former can be said to be the agent of the latter .
but it still leaves us with the crucial problem that sartre had to solve , namely how to link human consciousness with the processes of history so that the former can be said to be the [person] of the latter .

Similarly , those who claim that Foucault removes the possibility of resistance as such miss the point : all that he downgrades is a theory of resistance centred on the individual subject as sovereign agent .
similarly , those who claim that foucault removes the possibility of resistance as such miss the point : all that he downgrades is a theory of resistance centred on the individual subject as sovereign [person] .

The building was insured for £4,000 and the furniture for £500 , the policy being made out by Mrs. Mary Partridge of Bedford , agent for the Royal Exchange Assurance office .
the building was insured for £4,000 and the furniture for £500 , the policy being made out by mrs. mary partridge of bedford , [person] for the royal exchange assurance office .

This chapter will explore how woman-centred psychology reformulates yet repeats different elements of traditional and egalitarian feminist psychologies , beginning from the agent of psychology , the psychologist .
this chapter will explore how woman-centred psychology reformulates yet repeats different elements of traditional and egalitarian feminist psychologies , beginning from the [person] of psychology , the psychologist .

Demands for persuasive justification arise in contexts where an agent is faced with a choice .
demands for persuasive justification arise in contexts where an [person] is faced with a choice .

He seeks to provide a substantive characterization of the concept of reality which will enable him to do two things : first , to show how certain rules and procedures are logically correct , how employment of them will suffice to guide us towards knowledge of reality ; secondly , to show how it can be rational for a self-controlled agent to seek to contribute to knowledge of reality .
he seeks to provide a substantive characterization of the concept of reality which will enable him to do two things : first , to show how certain rules and procedures are logically correct , how employment of them will suffice to guide us towards knowledge of reality ; secondly , to show how it can be rational for a self-controlled [person] to seek to contribute to knowledge of reality .

Within bourgeois society the human individual is generally regarded as a subject with a certain range of properties including that of being a self-conscious agent .
within bourgeois society the human individual is generally regarded as a subject with a certain range of properties including that of being a self-conscious [person] .

Empiricist theories of knowledge , for example , are presented as a legitimating ideology for individualist social theories which in turn are part of a bourgeois outlook , and are said to pose questions designed to justify the individual as knower and as agent .
empiricist theories of knowledge , for example , are presented as a legitimating ideology for individualist social theories which in turn are part of a bourgeois outlook , and are said to pose questions designed to justify the individual as knower and as [person] .

But Poulantzas argues that the attribution of the power to manipulate to the ruling class elevates it to the status of a subject — an agent who does things — and thereby reintroduces the idea of collective intensions which cry out for individualist explanation .
but poulantzas argues that the attribution of the power to manipulate to the ruling class elevates it to the status of a subject — an [person] who does things — and thereby reintroduces the idea of collective intensions which cry out for individualist explanation .

If a class is to lay plans there must be a strategist who assesses the circumstances , evaluates possible outcomes and decides what to do ; and while these properties can be attributed to groups as well as individuals , an agent ( what Poulantzas would call a subject ) is needed in both cases .
if a class is to lay plans there must be a strategist who assesses the circumstances , evaluates possible outcomes and decides what to do ; and while these properties can be attributed to groups as well as individuals , an [person] ( what poulantzas would call a subject ) is needed in both cases .

And holists who allow the individual agent too much ground leave their interest unsatisfied .
and holists who allow the individual [person] too much ground leave their interest unsatisfied .

Already he was mentally a secret agent , privy to hidden knowledge …
already he was mentally a secret [person] , privy to hidden knowledge …

He had taken all his oaths as a journeyman agent .
he had taken all his oaths as a journeyman [person] .

So it transpired that the elusive Zephro Carnelian was a trusted roving agent for the Ordo Hydra .
so it transpired that the elusive zephro carnelian was a trusted roving [person] for the ordo hydra .

Once Jaq had finished explaining all about the hydra project , she said , ‘ Zephro Carnelian must be a double agent .
once jaq had finished explaining all about the hydra project , she said , ‘ zephro carnelian must be a double [person] .

We may well not choose to , but if we could be cool , calm and collected and stand back objectively , we might just find that in some conflict situations , to our surprise we may be the unwitting agent provocateur .
we may well not choose to , but if we could be cool , calm and collected and stand back objectively , we might just find that in some conflict situations , to our surprise we may be the unwitting [person] provocateur .

She only does part-time at an estate agent 's , but audio typing is demanding on concentration .
she only does part-time at an estate [person] 's , but audio typing is demanding on concentration .

Even if it were possible to identify a certain causal agent inside someone 's head we certainly can not take off the top of the skull and mend it !
even if it were possible to identify a certain causal [person] inside someone 's head we certainly can not take off the top of the skull and mend it !

Unfortunately , we still have relatively little idea of how the child is able to move from a practical understanding of how , for example , objects change location as a result of actions performed by people , to the more abstract and general understanding of semantic categories such as agent , action and object , which provide the basis for early syntax ( Bowerman 1976 ) .
unfortunately , we still have relatively little idea of how the child is able to move from a practical understanding of how , for example , objects change location as a result of actions performed by people , to the more abstract and general understanding of semantic categories such as [person] , action and object , which provide the basis for early syntax ( bowerman 1976 ) .

Eventually Neil was interviewed by a customs officer who , he says , ‘ Looked like Agent Cooper from Twin Peaks , but unlike him was as straight on the inside as he appeared on the outside .
eventually neil was interviewed by a customs officer who , he says , ‘ looked like [person] cooper from twin peaks , but unlike him was as straight on the inside as he appeared on the outside .

we can say generally that whatever is regarded as a truth functions as a norm of thinking , [ and ] imposes upon the conscious agent who recognizes it a distinctive selection and organization of some data of his experience .
we can say generally that whatever is regarded as a truth functions as a norm of thinking , [ and ] imposes upon the conscious [person] who recognizes it a distinctive selection and organization of some data of his experience .

Znaniecki was able to introduce a ‘ conscious agent ’ and ‘ norms of thinking ’ with which to investigate the socially inscribed function in relation to knowledge of individuals ( as in The Social Role of the Man of Knowledge — the title of Znaniecki 's 1940 book ) .
znaniecki was able to introduce a ‘ conscious [person] ’ and ‘ norms of thinking ’ with which to investigate the socially inscribed function in relation to knowledge of individuals ( as in the social role of the man of knowledge — the title of znaniecki 's 1940 book ) .

Furthermore these economic agents are not necessarily human subjects ; capital can be an anonymous economic agent , in the form of the managed enterprise .
furthermore these economic agents are not necessarily human subjects ; capital can be an anonymous economic [person] , in the form of the managed enterprise .

Just like any other agent engaged in communicative action oriented towards understanding , the interpreter makes claims that have to be supported with reasoned argument .
just like any other [person] engaged in communicative action oriented towards understanding , the interpreter makes claims that have to be supported with reasoned argument .

The structuralist is an active agent in the process of analysis , exercising not merely mechanical skills of applying a method , but also interpretive skills in constituting the object to be analysed ; the terms , units , relations and structures .
the structuralist is an active [person] in the process of analysis , exercising not merely mechanical skills of applying a method , but also interpretive skills in constituting the object to be analysed ; the terms , units , relations and structures .

If you are able to find a literary agent who will take on your work , the process of having it looked at by publishers will be speeded up for you .
if you are able to find a literary [person] who will take on your work , the process of having it looked at by publishers will be speeded up for you .

Once a literary agent has accepted your work , you stand a better chance of getting it published , though this is still not guaranteed .
once a literary [person] has accepted your work , you stand a better chance of getting it published , though this is still not guaranteed .

The agent will send it around to publishing houses where she or he will have contacts , so your work will be seen more quickly and with a more benevolent eye .
the [person] will send it around to publishing houses where she or he will have contacts , so your work will be seen more quickly and with a more benevolent eye .

If and when it is accepted , the agent will take ten per cent commission on your royalties .
if and when it is accepted , the [person] will take ten per cent commission on your royalties .

Also , the agent will deal with the rejection slips , not you .
also , the [person] will deal with the rejection slips , not you .

This is a cleansing agent of the digestive tract and it also aids digestion .
this is a cleansing [person] of the digestive tract and it also aids digestion .

When chlorine was used as a disinfecting agent , a relatively short exposure to air after a water sample was drawn would render the water acceptable for use .
when chlorine was used as a disinfecting [person] , a relatively short exposure to air after a water sample was drawn would render the water acceptable for use .

If the fish gets worse , then action appropriate to the causative agent suspected is appropriate , be it fungus , bacteria , fluke , protozoan , crustacean etc .
if the fish gets worse , then action appropriate to the causative [person] suspected is appropriate , be it fungus , bacteria , fluke , protozoan , crustacean etc .

My guess is that most have been discarded once an aircraft goes out of service , or even worse , confined to the skip when a travel agent or airline goes out of business .
my guess is that most have been discarded once an aircraft goes out of service , or even worse , confined to the skip when a travel [person] or airline goes out of business .

But Anthony Arnold , chairman of the Vale of Glamorgan Conservative Association , said the visit by the Central Office agent had been arranged weeks in advance .
but anthony arnold , chairman of the vale of glamorgan conservative association , said the visit by the central office [person] had been arranged weeks in advance .

Ghislaine , 30 , booked the £2,515 flight from Heathrow Airport last Wednesday through a New York travel agent and paid by credit card .
ghislaine , 30 , booked the £2,515 flight from heathrow airport last wednesday through a new york travel [person] and paid by credit card .

With her was New York estate agent Jeffrey Epstein , who has been seen several times with Ghislaine .
with her was new york estate [person] jeffrey epstein , who has been seen several times with ghislaine .

Rhodesian-born Reynolds had operated as a financial services tied agent for Guardian Royal Exchange until February 1991 .
rhodesian-born reynolds had operated as a financial services tied [person] for guardian royal exchange until february 1991 .

It was guaranteed to make any estate agent 's eye light up , even with the current slump in the property market .
it was guaranteed to make any estate [person] 's eye light up , even with the current slump in the property market .

There was no sign of either an agent or a man watching or approaching the house .
there was no sign of either an [person] or a man watching or approaching the house .

Then he called softly through to agent nine one inside , warning her of ‘ company ’ .
then he called softly through to [person] nine one inside , warning her of ‘ company ’ .

She 's an agent of the new Government , specifically hired to act as assassin against the exiled previous leaders .
she 's an [person] of the new government , specifically hired to act as assassin against the exiled previous leaders .

‘ Vinnie had an agent who did not take the necessary precautions of being able either to edit or vet what was said on the video .
‘ vinnie had an [person] who did not take the necessary precautions of being able either to edit or vet what was said on the video .

The manager then splits the undisclosed £20,000 with his counterpart at the selling club or the player 's agent .
the manager then splits the undisclosed £20,000 with his counterpart at the selling club or the player 's [person] .

But the athletes are making an unprecedented demand for a slice of the lucrative financial action and Tom Jennings , the agent spearheading their case , countered : ‘ We are not looking for a militant takeover , just a share of the wealth .
but the athletes are making an unprecedented demand for a slice of the lucrative financial action and tom jennings , the [person] spearheading their case , countered : ‘ we are not looking for a militant takeover , just a share of the wealth .

Although Larsen 's agent Rune Hauge has made contact with Arsenal boss George Graham , he was left with the impression that the player did not fulfil the Gunners ' requirements .
although larsen 's [person] rune hauge has made contact with arsenal boss george graham , he was left with the impression that the player did not fulfil the gunners ' requirements .

Richards , a 33-year-old Highgate estate agent , faces the former All Black captain in a Hertfordshire field where mighty Northampton know they are on hiding to nothing .
richards , a 33-year-old highgate estate [person] , faces the former all black captain in a hertfordshire field where mighty northampton know they are on hiding to nothing .

‘ Plans are well advanced , ’ says Andrew Lownie , Mrs Major 's literary agent .
‘ plans are well advanced , ’ says andrew lownie , mrs major 's literary [person] .

‘ Then we 're Hollywood bound , ’ her agent Kerry Gardner tells me .
‘ then we 're hollywood bound , ’ her [person] kerry gardner tells me .

But for me the agent for personality change is not hormonal .
but for me the [person] for personality change is not hormonal .

And every power-crazed agent is sniffing out their whereabouts , including mobster mastermind Cosmo ( Ben Kingsley with face set in concrete and sporting a daft ponytail ) , who has a festering score to settle with Redford .
and every power-crazed [person] is sniffing out their whereabouts , including mobster mastermind cosmo ( ben kingsley with face set in concrete and sporting a daft ponytail ) , who has a festering score to settle with redford .

She had married an insurance agent — Richard 's father — and later a solicitor in a country town who had left a wife and two children for her .
she had married an insurance [person] — richard 's father — and later a solicitor in a country town who had left a wife and two children for her .

Usually picking up an agent from one of the occupied countries , or taking one out .
usually picking up an [person] from one of the occupied countries , or taking one out .

When you tell her you 're an estate agent , she tries to cover her contempt .
when you tell her you 're an estate [person] , she tries to cover her contempt .

Bill and Hillary 's only child has been assigned a secret service agent to protect her while she attends public school near Little Rock .
bill and hillary 's only child has been assigned a secret service [person] to protect her while she attends public school near little rock .

The replacement of the merchant venturer by the imperial bureaucrat as the chief agent of expansion , represented a fundamental challenge to the values of Cobden 's England .
the replacement of the merchant venturer by the imperial bureaucrat as the chief [person] of expansion , represented a fundamental challenge to the values of cobden 's england .

Wet wood is rather easier to bend than dry but the principal agent for bending wood is heat .
wet wood is rather easier to bend than dry but the principal [person] for bending wood is heat .

It is true that phenol-formaldehyde resins can be set in the cold but this requires large additions of a chemical catalyst , or hardening agent .
it is true that phenol-formaldehyde resins can be set in the cold but this requires large additions of a chemical catalyst , or hardening [person] .

Dianne Jones , 24 , said estate agent Nick Spalding , 23 , took all his tickets for parking on a yellow line in Luton , Beds. , with a smile .
dianne jones , 24 , said estate [person] nick spalding , 23 , took all his tickets for parking on a yellow line in luton , beds. , with a smile .

‘ An estate agent submitted a gadget he had invented years before which was sitting up in his loft , but he needed the money so tried his luck and sent it in . ’
‘ an estate [person] submitted a gadget he had invented years before which was sitting up in his loft , but he needed the money so tried his luck and sent it in . ’

If money is no object , you can take your idea to a patent agent , who will know exactly how to word specifications and will prepare professional drawings .
if money is no object , you can take your idea to a patent [person] , who will know exactly how to word specifications and will prepare professional drawings .

‘ Bob accepted The Changeling because he wanted to get his teeth into some really good British heavyweight drama , ’ his agent Liz Souissi tells me .
‘ bob accepted the changeling because he wanted to get his teeth into some really good british heavyweight drama , ’ his [person] liz souissi tells me .

Bloodstock agent Mr Herbert , 33 , a former Page of Honour to the Queen , was a dining and theatre-going companion of the 31-year-old princess before she married .
bloodstock [person] mr herbert , 33 , a former page of honour to the queen , was a dining and theatre-going companion of the 31-year-old princess before she married .

‘ Perhaps he was using it as an office , ’ the agent suggested , kindly .
‘ perhaps he was using it as an office , ’ the [person] suggested , kindly .

He says Lineker 's agent Jon Holmes openly canvassed for his man to be made skipper of England .
he says lineker 's [person] jon holmes openly canvassed for his man to be made skipper of england .

Gascoigne 's agent Mel Stein confirmed : ‘ We are trying to find a date .
gascoigne 's [person] mel stein confirmed : ‘ we are trying to find a date .

The amazing prediction came yesterday by controversial agent Ambrose Mendy , the man behind Nigel Benn 's rise to fame .
the amazing prediction came yesterday by controversial [person] ambrose mendy , the man behind nigel benn 's rise to fame .

They bought a garage at Caterham from Anthony Crook , who still runs the Bristol Car Company , and began by carrying out ‘ all the usual garage things ’ , and soon became the first Lotus agent when the manufacturer began to expand .
they bought a garage at caterham from anthony crook , who still runs the bristol car company , and began by carrying out ‘ all the usual garage things ’ , and soon became the first lotus [person] when the manufacturer began to expand .

They worshipped the sun as the giver of life and heat , creator of night and day and the responsible agent for vegetation and fertility .
they worshipped the sun as the giver of life and heat , creator of night and day and the responsible [person] for vegetation and fertility .

Surya — Sun — Creative agent
surya — sun — creative [person]

Vayu — Air — Preserving agent
vayu — air — preserving [person]

Agni — Fire — Destructive agent
agni — fire — destructive [person]

The right-angled Swastika represents the electron , or Siva in his aspect as transforming , evolutionary agent .
the right-angled swastika represents the electron , or siva in his aspect as transforming , evolutionary [person] .

Seen to be an ‘ effect ’ of the Universal or Unified Field , it is able to transmit energy patterns from one natural source to another and give rise to a physical formation of those patterns — in other words , the field is believed to be the agent for creation , growth and development throughout nature .
seen to be an ‘ effect ’ of the universal or unified field , it is able to transmit energy patterns from one natural source to another and give rise to a physical formation of those patterns — in other words , the field is believed to be the [person] for creation , growth and development throughout nature .

It contains the potential for the emergence of matter and is the responsible agent for growth and development in living biomatter .
it contains the potential for the emergence of matter and is the responsible [person] for growth and development in living biomatter .

This natural state can be influenced by the presence of a cancer-causing agent located outside the cell .
this natural state can be influenced by the presence of a cancer-causing [person] located outside the cell .

In this way the energy pattern of a cancer-causing agent can transfer itself via the field to impinge upon the cell if the cell exhibits a vulnerability or an attractiveness to the agent .
in this way the energy pattern of a cancer-causing [person] can transfer itself via the field to impinge upon the cell if the cell exhibits a vulnerability or an attractiveness to the [person] .

The application of such an effect can change the intracellular structure of a cell that has been transformed by a cancer-causing agent , even in its latent stage .
the application of such an effect can change the intracellular structure of a cell that has been transformed by a cancer-causing [person] , even in its latent stage .

Convictions could be appealed , not to any judicial authority , but to the government agent and then the Governor .
convictions could be appealed , not to any judicial authority , but to the government [person] and then the governor .

The Assistant Government Agent at Matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?
the assistant government [person] at matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?

Over twenty years after the introduction of village tribunals the Government Agent at Kurunagala discovered that presidents refused to accept any criminal plaints not endorsed by the village headman .
over twenty years after the introduction of village tribunals the government [person] at kurunagala discovered that presidents refused to accept any criminal plaints not endorsed by the village headman .

In 1873 , after a case of murder in which the victim was a Rodi , the Assistant Government Agent at Nuvara Eliya commented that ‘ the victim was of the lowest caste , to which they [ the Sinhalese ] clearly believe that the principles of natural justice and law are not applicable .
in 1873 , after a case of murder in which the victim was a rodi , the assistant government [person] at nuvara eliya commented that ‘ the victim was of the lowest caste , to which they [ the sinhalese ] clearly believe that the principles of natural justice and law are not applicable .

The Government Agent of the Southern Province wrote in his report for 1899 that the ‘ great feature of the year has been the rush to plumbago [ graphite ] .
the government [person] of the southern province wrote in his report for 1899 that the ‘ great feature of the year has been the rush to plumbago [ graphite ] .

If we are to use the metaphor of weighing , in choices of means the agent is the weigher , but in choices of ends he is the arm of the balance itself .
if we are to use the metaphor of weighing , in choices of means the [person] is the weigher , but in choices of ends he is the arm of the balance itself .

To the extent that activities are spontaneous it appears that they belong to the realm of the caused ( which in the case of biological process is obvious enough ) , and that he is a free agent only to the extent that he learns to direct them .
to the extent that activities are spontaneous it appears that they belong to the realm of the caused ( which in the case of biological process is obvious enough ) , and that he is a free [person] only to the extent that he learns to direct them .

So far we have been presupposing a single agent responding to a present situation and trying to guide his spontaneity by reason .
so far we have been presupposing a single [person] responding to a present situation and trying to guide his spontaneity by reason .

As long as we start from the conception of a rational agent , it appears easy to decide whether an inclination is egoistic ; it will be so if its goal by the agent 's own standards is beneficial to himself .
as long as we start from the conception of a rational [person] , it appears easy to decide whether an inclination is egoistic ; it will be so if its goal by the [person] 's own standards is beneficial to himself .

But if one starts from the spontaneous inclination itself , the question arises whether it makes sense to call it egoistic before it has been chosen in terms of the agent 's own standards for the beneficial .
but if one starts from the spontaneous inclination itself , the question arises whether it makes sense to call it egoistic before it has been chosen in terms of the [person] 's own standards for the beneficial .

Even granted that everyone , for example , finds pleasure beneficial , to judge an inclination egoistic because achievement of its goal gives the agent pleasure would be vacuous , because whatever his goals he will be pleased if he succeeds , sorry if he fails .
even granted that everyone , for example , finds pleasure beneficial , to judge an inclination egoistic because achievement of its goal gives the [person] pleasure would be vacuous , because whatever his goals he will be pleased if he succeeds , sorry if he fails .

Here we do not have to ask by what standards the agent estimates benefit , since no one can be benefited if he does not survive .
here we do not have to ask by what standards the [person] estimates benefit , since no one can be benefited if he does not survive .

Choices of ends , as of means , are debatable in terms of public tests ( of whether things are in fact as the agent imagines them , whether his reactions as observed in his behaviour are as he feels them to be ) , but can take account of public observations only to the extent that they are subjectively confirmed .
choices of ends , as of means , are debatable in terms of public tests ( of whether things are in fact as the [person] imagines them , whether his reactions as observed in his behaviour are as he feels them to be ) , but can take account of public observations only to the extent that they are subjectively confirmed .

Managing agent .
managing [person] .

In previous years , the group limited acquisition expenses deferment to commission paid to the agent introducing creditor business and to transaction charges paid on the collection of motor and household premiums over the terms of the policies .
in previous years , the group limited acquisition expenses deferment to commission paid to the [person] introducing creditor business and to transaction charges paid on the collection of motor and household premiums over the terms of the policies .

The Famous Grouse , like all the 1991 World Cup sponsors , had a first refusal option included in their contract ; in other words they are asked to make a bid for 1995 before the marketing agent goes to the open market .
the famous grouse , like all the 1991 world cup sponsors , had a first refusal option included in their contract ; in other words they are asked to make a bid for 1995 before the marketing [person] goes to the open market .

But he had to be untutored , a tree agent .
but he had to be untutored , a tree [person] .

An election made after the two-year statutory time limit , but as soon as possible given the circumstances , will be accepted if it is made because a relevant and uncorrected Revenue error has resulted in the partners or their agent being misled about whether the requirements of the legislation have been met .
an election made after the two-year statutory time limit , but as soon as possible given the circumstances , will be accepted if it is made because a relevant and uncorrected revenue error has resulted in the partners or their [person] being misled about whether the requirements of the legislation have been met .

The staff were effectively divided into two tiers , with a third of them trained into the advice-giving role of financial consultants while the remainder , ‘ customer services representatives ’ , resumed the agent role of collecting premiums and other basic services .
the staff were effectively divided into two tiers , with a third of them trained into the advice-giving role of financial consultants while the remainder , ‘ customer services representatives ’ , resumed the [person] role of collecting premiums and other basic services .

The addictive agent is nicotine , which calms the nerves , relaxes the muscles and attenuates the appetite .
the addictive [person] is nicotine , which calms the nerves , relaxes the muscles and attenuates the appetite .

From 1 January 1994 underwriting agents will only be permitted to act as combined agents with Council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .
from 1 january 1994 underwriting agents will only be permitted to act as combined agents with council consent if the [person] has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined [person] whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .

Lisa was apparently introduced to James Gilbey by her agent 's assistant , Catrina Skepper who invited her to a weekend party in North Yorkshire .
lisa was apparently introduced to james gilbey by her [person] 's assistant , catrina skepper who invited her to a weekend party in north yorkshire .

Strait , agent to the late Jayne Mansfield , said the gruesome last moments of Monroe were secretly recorded for the Mafia .
strait , [person] to the late jayne mansfield , said the gruesome last moments of monroe were secretly recorded for the mafia .

Estate agent Stephanie , 25 , was kidnapped in January as she showed a prospective buyer around a house in Great Barr , Birmingham .
estate [person] stephanie , 25 , was kidnapped in january as she showed a prospective buyer around a house in great barr , birmingham .

Travel agent Peter Marsh , 46 , of Colchester , Essex , said : ‘ Both should have made more effort to be together and to make the marriage work .
travel [person] peter marsh , 46 , of colchester , essex , said : ‘ both should have made more effort to be together and to make the marriage work .

An estate agent — representing the landlord 's mortgage lender the Alliance and Leicester building society — refused to let them in to eat .
an estate [person] — representing the landlord 's mortgage lender the alliance and leicester building society — refused to let them in to eat .

Detectives contacted the Suzy Lamplugh Trust — set up by the mother of missing estate agent Suzy after she vanished in 1986 .
detectives contacted the suzy lamplugh trust — set up by the mother of missing estate [person] suzy after she vanished in 1986 .

One possible reason for the cure is that the alcohol may act as an anti-inflammatory agent , stopping symptoms like a runny nose .
one possible reason for the cure is that the alcohol may act as an anti-inflammatory [person] , stopping symptoms like a runny nose .

Ben is described variously as a ‘ merchant 's clerk ’ and as an ‘ outrider ’ , itself a dialect term used extensively in Somerset and elsewhere to describe a tradesman 's travelling agent — a meaning it still carried in New Zealand , for example , well into the 20th century .
ben is described variously as a ‘ merchant 's clerk ’ and as an ‘ outrider ’ , itself a dialect term used extensively in somerset and elsewhere to describe a tradesman 's travelling [person] — a meaning it still carried in new zealand , for example , well into the 20th century .

— by acting as an insurance agent for the ‘ Lancashire ’ .
— by acting as an insurance [person] for the ‘ lancashire ’ .

The very conceptual meaning of these three lexical items in association allows us to infer a sort of unfocused proposition : a process kill , two participants in the process , one an agent , farmer , and the other a patient , duckling . Even if we were to change the linear arrangement , the three words presented in association would serve to indicate the same process and the same roles of the participants :
the very conceptual meaning of these three lexical items in association allows us to infer a sort of unfocused proposition : a process kill , two participants in the process , one an [person] , farmer , and the other a patient , duckling . even if we were to change the linear arrangement , the three words presented in association would serve to indicate the same process and the same roles of the participants :

In all these cases , our knowledge of what these words mean in English , and the very general context of our world knowledge would lead us to suppose that in all cases the farmer is the agent and the duckling at the receiving end of the action : the farmer does the killing and the duckling gets killed .
in all these cases , our knowledge of what these words mean in english , and the very general context of our world knowledge would lead us to suppose that in all cases the farmer is the [person] and the duckling at the receiving end of the action : the farmer does the killing and the duckling gets killed .

Hunters might seek to kill them , but they are quite capable of turning the tables and acting out the agent role .
hunters might seek to kill them , but they are quite capable of turning the tables and acting out the [person] role .

We might propose , for example , that the participant roles in our case might be marked by different suffixes : let us say o for the agent role , om for the patient .
we might propose , for example , that the participant roles in our case might be marked by different suffixes : let us say o for the [person] role , om for the patient .

We noted earlier how word order can signal an assignment of participant role ( agent , patient , and so on ) .
we noted earlier how word order can signal an assignment of participant role ( [person] , patient , and so on ) .

hunter kill lion ( hunter topic and agent , lion patient )
hunter kill lion ( hunter topic and [person] , lion patient )

hunter kill by lion ( hunter topic and patient , lion agent )
hunter kill by lion ( hunter topic and patient , lion [person] )

So it is essential to check with your travel agent or bank on your destination 's quirks and then think about other possible needs , as money may not be your only consideration .
so it is essential to check with your travel [person] or bank on your destination 's quirks and then think about other possible needs , as money may not be your only consideration .

The undercover agent takes a bow
the undercover [person] takes a bow

This indicates that the causal agent of the systemic response has exited the wound site within 5 minutes and contrasts with studies on older plants in which systemic pin levels increased as the time from wounding to excision increased until 120 minutes after wounding .
this indicates that the causal [person] of the systemic response has exited the wound site within 5 minutes and contrasts with studies on older plants in which systemic pin levels increased as the time from wounding to excision increased until 120 minutes after wounding .

Our results show that the causal agent exits the wounded cotyledon when phloem translocation is blocked , so the systemic effect must either arise from a chemical signal travelling through a route that does not involve the transport of photosynthate , or a physical signal .
our results show that the causal [person] exits the wounded cotyledon when phloem translocation is blocked , so the systemic effect must either arise from a chemical signal travelling through a route that does not involve the transport of photosynthate , or a physical signal .

He saw the pains of imprisonment and used truth as the agent of change , not from any intellectual theory or ideology but through a sense of compassion for other human beings .
he saw the pains of imprisonment and used truth as the [person] of change , not from any intellectual theory or ideology but through a sense of compassion for other human beings .

Some alcohol difficulties will be primarily and directly linked to alcohol use and some will be secondary , a complication but not the causal agent .
some alcohol difficulties will be primarily and directly linked to alcohol use and some will be secondary , a complication but not the causal [person] .

He was n't her champion , he was her enemy 's agent .
he was n't her champion , he was her enemy 's [person] .

Its circulation never approached the 800,000 target and was about 112,000 when , after little more than six months , the estate agent and local radio entrepreneur , Owen Oyston , who sought to rescue it , closed it down .
its circulation never approached the 800,000 target and was about 112,000 when , after little more than six months , the estate [person] and local radio entrepreneur , owen oyston , who sought to rescue it , closed it down .

Even so , country looks a bit of an impostor when it poses as an agent of radical change in pop music .
even so , country looks a bit of an impostor when it poses as an [person] of radical change in pop music .

’ In Syria , Muhammad Said Buti , a conservative theologian at Damascus University whose sermons on television are popular , says the author is ‘ an enemy of Islam ’ and ‘ a western and Zionist agent ’ .
’ in syria , muhammad said buti , a conservative theologian at damascus university whose sermons on television are popular , says the author is ‘ an enemy of islam ’ and ‘ a western and zionist [person] ’ .

One month later Glassford was reported to be completing the work of preparing nominal votes , and in this his lawyer , who lacked experience in such matters , was being helped by the agent of Lord Dundas , who clearly considered him still an ally , but on August 6th , Glassford removed such illusions by making it quite plain that he meant what he had said about his price for support , and denied that he was in any way pledged to Lord Dundas :
one month later glassford was reported to be completing the work of preparing nominal votes , and in this his lawyer , who lacked experience in such matters , was being helped by the [person] of lord dundas , who clearly considered him still an ally , but on august 6th , glassford removed such illusions by making it quite plain that he meant what he had said about his price for support , and denied that he was in any way pledged to lord dundas :

The Duke passed on this information to his agent among the burgh politicians , instructing that he should ‘ take that opportunity of fixing , as much as is possible , Christie ’ .
the duke passed on this information to his [person] among the burgh politicians , instructing that he should ‘ take that opportunity of fixing , as much as is possible , christie ’ .

Law and custom thus defend the family as the prime agent of socialisation only in so far as it fulfils the task currently prescribed .
law and custom thus defend the family as the prime [person] of socialisation only in so far as it fulfils the task currently prescribed .

On the contrary , to emphasise the personal and private nature of moral or immoral conduct is to emphasise the personal and private responsibility of the individual for his own actions , and this is a responsibility which a mature agent can properly be expected to carry for himself without the threat of punishment from the law .
on the contrary , to emphasise the personal and private nature of moral or immoral conduct is to emphasise the personal and private responsibility of the individual for his own actions , and this is a responsibility which a mature [person] can properly be expected to carry for himself without the threat of punishment from the law .

The Halifax reckons there is more money to be made from acting as a principal than as an agent .
the halifax reckons there is more money to be made from acting as a principal than as an [person] .

‘ He was having lunch with his agent and some Americans .
‘ he was having lunch with his [person] and some americans .

No estate agent 's commission .
no estate [person] 's commission .

‘ Ca n't you let an estate agent handle that ? ’ James asked .
‘ ca n't you let an estate [person] handle that ? ’ james asked .

The wording of 72 ( contrasting ‘ states of consciousness ’ with ‘ dispositions ’ ) reminds one of what Gilbert Ryle says in The Concept of Mind , and the wording of 101 ( ‘ We can not separate his ‘ thinking ’ from his activity ' ) of what he says in his contribution to The Human Agent but Ryle and Wittgenstein , it seems to me , agree only on the negative point , that thinking is not an accompaniment of speaking and acting .
the wording of 72 ( contrasting ‘ states of consciousness ’ with ‘ dispositions ’ ) reminds one of what gilbert ryle says in the concept of mind , and the wording of 101 ( ‘ we can not separate his ‘ thinking ’ from his activity ' ) of what he says in his contribution to the human [person] but ryle and wittgenstein , it seems to me , agree only on the negative point , that thinking is not an accompaniment of speaking and acting .

With this warning note , we return to Anselm 's association with Archbishop Hugh of Lyons , the chief agent of the Gregorian policy of Libertas Ecclesiae .
with this warning note , we return to anselm 's association with archbishop hugh of lyons , the chief [person] of the gregorian policy of libertas ecclesiae .

As papal legate in France during the last quarter of the eleventh century , he was the most energetic agent of the new policy of active centralized papal control of the Church .
as papal legate in france during the last quarter of the eleventh century , he was the most energetic [person] of the new policy of active centralized papal control of the church .

But Anselm did not look on himself as an agent of papal policy : he was no Hugh of Lyons .
but anselm did not look on himself as an [person] of papal policy : he was no hugh of lyons .

Criticism has concentrated on the removal of the red coat worn by the Master of Ceremonies , which was shown to have a different binding agent in its pigment to the rest of the canvas and therefore considered not to be part of Veronese 's composition .
criticism has concentrated on the removal of the red coat worn by the master of ceremonies , which was shown to have a different binding [person] in its pigment to the rest of the canvas and therefore considered not to be part of veronese 's composition .

An examination of twelve tiny samples of paint from the area of the coat revealed that the binding agent used in the red layer contained a sizeable amount of natural resins , unlike the linseed base used in pigment on the rest of the work .
an examination of twelve tiny samples of paint from the area of the coat revealed that the binding [person] used in the red layer contained a sizeable amount of natural resins , unlike the linseed base used in pigment on the rest of the work .

Lewis once remarked to a colleague during the Attlee premiership of 1945–51 , and quite without irony , that it could not be disputed that the prime minister was an agent of the Devil .
lewis once remarked to a colleague during the attlee premiership of 1945–51 , and quite without irony , that it could not be disputed that the prime minister was an [person] of the devil .

She was a land agent 's daughter from somewhere in Norfolk , tall and fair , with heavy gilt hair curling down over her shoulders , and a long , slim , slightly drooping body that had a certain elegance .
she was a land [person] 's daughter from somewhere in norfolk , tall and fair , with heavy gilt hair curling down over her shoulders , and a long , slim , slightly drooping body that had a certain elegance .

She was clever , capable and resourceful as an agent , and acceptable to Rokovssky as his confederate on this mission of assassination .
she was clever , capable and resourceful as an [person] , and acceptable to rokovssky as his confederate on this mission of assassination .

‘ You are an agent .
‘ you are an [person] .

Suppose she said she was an agent ?
suppose she said she was an [person] ?

This Englishman , who had once served in the British Army , had steamed that letter open with all the careful deliberation of an espionage agent .
this englishman , who had once served in the british army , had steamed that letter open with all the careful deliberation of an espionage [person] .

Burroughs employs an agent , whose job it is to keep him abreast of what 's happening in various fields of art and music — he 's 80 years old now and he lives a very secluded life in Kansas .
burroughs employs an [person] , whose job it is to keep him abreast of what 's happening in various fields of art and music — he 's 80 years old now and he lives a very secluded life in kansas .

‘ His agent came to see us at the St Louis Lollapalooza show , and we talked about the possibility of doing something together .
‘ his [person] came to see us at the st louis lollapalooza show , and we talked about the possibility of doing something together .

Sotheby 's will sell ten Pop works by Warhol from the collection of his agent and manager Frederick Hughes in this auction of contemporary art .
sotheby 's will sell ten pop works by warhol from the collection of his [person] and manager frederick hughes in this auction of contemporary art .

They also object on the grounds that , while Sotheby 's disclaims any ownership interest in the treasure and was merely the agent for Lord Northampton , they are by no means convinced that this is the case , especially as it has come to light during the discovery process that the former chairman of Sotheby 's , the late Peter Wilson , played the leading role in the treasure 's acquisition and had a share in its value , inherited by his sons , Thomas and Philip .
they also object on the grounds that , while sotheby 's disclaims any ownership interest in the treasure and was merely the [person] for lord northampton , they are by no means convinced that this is the case , especially as it has come to light during the discovery process that the former chairman of sotheby 's , the late peter wilson , played the leading role in the treasure 's acquisition and had a share in its value , inherited by his sons , thomas and philip .

Six months ago , Lucian Freud surprised the art market by parting company from James Kirkman , his agent for twenty years .
six months ago , lucian freud surprised the art market by parting company from james kirkman , his [person] for twenty years .

With the market 's retrenchment at the end of 1990 , that list evaporated , but Freud was not willing to renegotiate terms and consign rather than sell his pictures to his agent .
with the market 's retrenchment at the end of 1990 , that list evaporated , but freud was not willing to renegotiate terms and consign rather than sell his pictures to his [person] .

Also , a young Norwegian secret agent named Bernhard Bergersen had while travelling past in a train on the opposite side of the fjord , risked his life by taking a photograph of the Tirpitz as she lay at anchor .
also , a young norwegian secret [person] named bernhard bergersen had while travelling past in a train on the opposite side of the fjord , risked his life by taking a photograph of the tirpitz as she lay at anchor .

He thought that any Special Agent who dressed like this guy would be disciplined .
he thought that any special [person] who dressed like this guy would be disciplined .

He was Desmond , he was young and bright and flattered that a man had come from the Security Service to see him , and agreeably surprised that a Field Agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation had ended up in his stockinged feet in his front room .
he was desmond , he was young and bright and flattered that a man had come from the security service to see him , and agreeably surprised that a field [person] of the federal bureau of investigation had ended up in his stockinged feet in his front room .

It was renamed to the more familiar hydrogen in 1790 and ousted hot air as the preferred lifting agent for the next thirty years .
it was renamed to the more familiar hydrogen in 1790 and ousted hot air as the preferred lifting [person] for the next thirty years .

These developments also reveal a basic change in the conception of the travelling agent whose existence went back in some form to the beginning of organised antislavery in the 1780s .
these developments also reveal a basic change in the conception of the travelling [person] whose existence went back in some form to the beginning of organised antislavery in the 1780s .

Encouragement of such careful discrimination was perhaps also reflected in agent Clarkson 's other main function in the late 1780s — the establishment of local committees through consultation with influential individuals in communities .
encouragement of such careful discrimination was perhaps also reflected in [person] clarkson 's other main function in the late 1780s — the establishment of local committees through consultation with influential individuals in communities .

In the view of private and public critics of the Wilberforce sons there was more than filiopietism at issue in their charge that Clarkson claimed leadership in the cause when their father was entitled to it ; they suggested Clarkson had been to all intents and purposes a paid agent of the Abolition Committee .
in the view of private and public critics of the wilberforce sons there was more than filiopietism at issue in their charge that clarkson claimed leadership in the cause when their father was entitled to it ; they suggested clarkson had been to all intents and purposes a paid [person] of the abolition committee .

Whether as a direct result of this or not , the treatment of the antislavery agent and later rhetorician of radicalism , George Thompson , was noticeably cool ; he was eloquent but lacked education and was thus in ‘ entire ignorance of the tone of that high society from which the great bulk of our parliamentary men are taken ’ .
whether as a direct result of this or not , the treatment of the antislavery [person] and later rhetorician of radicalism , george thompson , was noticeably cool ; he was eloquent but lacked education and was thus in ‘ entire ignorance of the tone of that high society from which the great bulk of our parliamentary men are taken ’ .

Potassium permanganate , an oxidising agent , may be ordered from some chemists but should be handled with care and be kept out of reach of children .
potassium permanganate , an oxidising [person] , may be ordered from some chemists but should be handled with care and be kept out of reach of children .

However , the language units which do arise are ‘ propositions ’ , and central to each of these is a verb , attached to which is an agent and object .
however , the language units which do arise are ‘ propositions ’ , and central to each of these is a verb , attached to which is an [person] and object .

Secondly , in determining the language units to be used some form of categorisation takes place so that we decide whether to call the agent Fred ' , or ‘ the fat boy ’ , or ‘ Paul 's son ’ or ‘ he ’ .
secondly , in determining the language units to be used some form of categorisation takes place so that we decide whether to call the [person] fred ' , or ‘ the fat boy ’ , or ‘ paul 's son ’ or ‘ he ’ .

He attacks oralism as an additional depriving agent since it insists on having no further stimulation other than speech , when it is the language stimulation which is most important not the modality of stimulation .
he attacks oralism as an additional depriving [person] since it insists on having no further stimulation other than speech , when it is the language stimulation which is most important not the modality of stimulation .

Ali proved a personal focus for his movements and the Nation of Islam became a forceful agent of cultural change amongst blacks , offering , through the leader Elijah Muhammad , a reassertion of the lost culture of black people with the creation of separate hospitals , schools , farms and industries .
ali proved a personal focus for his movements and the nation of islam became a forceful [person] of cultural change amongst blacks , offering , through the leader elijah muhammad , a reassertion of the lost culture of black people with the creation of separate hospitals , schools , farms and industries .

owing to its early introduction in 1920 and also because of the substantial extension of its rights in 1952 and 1972 it was able to evolve into the virtual bargaining monopolist on the employees ' side at the plant level , to the extent of being considered by unions as the proper bargaining agent at that level , much more so than in other countries .
owing to its early introduction in 1920 and also because of the substantial extension of its rights in 1952 and 1972 it was able to evolve into the virtual bargaining monopolist on the employees ' side at the plant level , to the extent of being considered by unions as the proper bargaining [person] at that level , much more so than in other countries .

However , despite Laud 's personal antipathy towards the papacy , the 1630s did see a growth in the influence of Catholicism over the English government and an improvement in relations between Charles 's court and the papal curia , and for the large numbers of English Protestants who were unable to distinguish between Arminianism and popery and who regarded Laud as little more than an agent of Rome , there could be no doubt that the archbishop was to blame .
however , despite laud 's personal antipathy towards the papacy , the 1630s did see a growth in the influence of catholicism over the english government and an improvement in relations between charles 's court and the papal curia , and for the large numbers of english protestants who were unable to distinguish between arminianism and popery and who regarded laud as little more than an [person] of rome , there could be no doubt that the archbishop was to blame .

It was after this that Vere Barker , his rather grand agent , helped him to get the house in Hampstead and began to up his fees even for radio — for which he continued to work — poems , plays , schools radio , £10 , £12 , £20 sometimes : it all totted up .
it was after this that vere barker , his rather grand [person] , helped him to get the house in hampstead and began to up his fees even for radio — for which he continued to work — poems , plays , schools radio , £10 , £12 , £20 sometimes : it all totted up .

Think twice before taking out a mortgage offered by your friendly estate agent .
think twice before taking out a mortgage offered by your friendly estate [person] .

According to the Office of Fair Trading , there 's evidence that some building societies choose firms that bring them mortgage business in return , so your estate agent may be tempted to steer you towards a building society that he needs to butter up .
according to the office of fair trading , there 's evidence that some building societies choose firms that bring them mortgage business in return , so your estate [person] may be tempted to steer you towards a building society that he needs to butter up .

Any agent worth his salt knew that promotion under Postelnicu depended upon satisfying the minister 's whims as much as doing his proper job well .
any [person] worth his salt knew that promotion under postelnicu depended upon satisfying the minister 's whims as much as doing his proper job well .

The Romanian secret agent , Matei Pavel Haiducu , who was based in France to pursue industrial espionage , was instructed to silence both Paul Goma and another troublesome dissident , Virgil Tanase .
the romanian secret [person] , matei pavel haiducu , who was based in france to pursue industrial espionage , was instructed to silence both paul goma and another troublesome dissident , virgil tanase .

At about the same time , as Haiducu abandoned his mission , the Bulgarian exile , Georgi Markov , whose revelations of the corruption of Zhivkov 's cronies infuriated Ceauşescu 's Bulgarian counterpart , was murdered by an unknown agent of the Bulgarian secret police in London .
at about the same time , as haiducu abandoned his mission , the bulgarian exile , georgi markov , whose revelations of the corruption of zhivkov 's cronies infuriated ceauşescu 's bulgarian counterpart , was murdered by an unknown [person] of the bulgarian secret police in london .

Reading has essentially personal value as a source of enjoyment , as a stimulus to the imagination , as a means of gaining vicarious experience , and as an agent in language development ; but it also allows warnings , instructions , information and so on to be absorbed .
reading has essentially personal value as a source of enjoyment , as a stimulus to the imagination , as a means of gaining vicarious experience , and as an [person] in language development ; but it also allows warnings , instructions , information and so on to be absorbed .

Mail order Usually big catalogue of clothes and other goods sold almost entirely on credit ; fixed instalments collected weekly , often in 20 or 40 weeks , by local part-time agent who gets , say , ten per cent commission ; credit price same as cash price .
mail order usually big catalogue of clothes and other goods sold almost entirely on credit ; fixed instalments collected weekly , often in 20 or 40 weeks , by local part-time [person] who gets , say , ten per cent commission ; credit price same as cash price .

Only one in ten said that it had been suggested to them by a salesman , agent or someone at the shop ; about three-quarters said instead that they personally had thought of it , and most of the rest that it had been suggested by their wife or husband .
only one in ten said that it had been suggested to them by a salesman , [person] or someone at the shop ; about three-quarters said instead that they personally had thought of it , and most of the rest that it had been suggested by their wife or husband .

So various factors propel people without bank accounts , particularly poorer or older people , towards the types of credit which involve weekly payments , probably collected by an agent .
so various factors propel people without bank accounts , particularly poorer or older people , towards the types of credit which involve weekly payments , probably collected by an [person] .

They can give the familiarity and the regular weekly person-to-person payment of the weekly credit caller or the mail order agent , with a measure of flexibility over payment difficulties which even an understanding commercial lender might find taxing .
they can give the familiarity and the regular weekly person-to-person payment of the weekly credit caller or the mail order [person] , with a measure of flexibility over payment difficulties which even an understanding commercial lender might find taxing .

The National Consumer Credit Federation , representing check traders , told us that the agent going from door to door , usually with long experience of working for the firm , had quite a lot of discretion over whether or not to lend , though with small firms the bosses like to keep in touch themselves , often going on collection rounds so as to see customers , and certainly weighing up doubtful cases themselves .
the national consumer credit federation , representing check traders , told us that the [person] going from door to door , usually with long experience of working for the firm , had quite a lot of discretion over whether or not to lend , though with small firms the bosses like to keep in touch themselves , often going on collection rounds so as to see customers , and certainly weighing up doubtful cases themselves .

Importance of salesman or agent
importance of salesman or [person]

So we recommend that where the seller of goods , or other agent arranging credit , will be paid commission by a lender , this fact , and the rate and amount of commission , should be made clear to the customer .
so we recommend that where the seller of goods , or other [person] arranging credit , will be paid commission by a lender , this fact , and the rate and amount of commission , should be made clear to the customer .

Huts can be booked from any Czech travel agent ; no wild camping allowed .
huts can be booked from any czech travel [person] ; no wild camping allowed .

‘ Well , you 're a free agent , ’ she said suddenly .
‘ well , you 're a free [person] , ’ she said suddenly .

These early payments are used to clear up the cost of setting it up — and in particular the commission of the agent who sold it to you .
these early payments are used to clear up the cost of setting it up — and in particular the commission of the [person] who sold it to you .

Brush the area with water before applying a mix of one part cement , two pars sand and four parts gravel ( by volume ) ; incorporate a waterproofing agent .
brush the area with water before applying a mix of one part cement , two pars sand and four parts gravel ( by volume ) ; incorporate a waterproofing [person] .

Instead McIllvanney was the Bahamian agent for a Miami-based business that claimed to provide the world 's most beautiful girls to anyone with the money to pay for them .
instead mcillvanney was the bahamian [person] for a miami-based business that claimed to provide the world 's most beautiful girls to anyone with the money to pay for them .

They told him that his only remedy was to work as a government agent .
they told him that his only remedy was to work as a government [person] .

They had an agent , they said , who lived close to where he had lived during the short period after his return from Canada .
they had an [person] , they said , who lived close to where he had lived during the short period after his return from canada .

They described the person they claimed was the agent in sufficient detail to direct Derek 's attention towards a particular individual .
they described the person they claimed was the [person] in sufficient detail to direct derek 's attention towards a particular individual .

He realised that they were unlikely to pinpoint a genuine agent in that way , but their familiarity with the Belfast scene was unnerving .
he realised that they were unlikely to pinpoint a genuine [person] in that way , but their familiarity with the belfast scene was unnerving .

An agent who can provide information is useful .
an [person] who can provide information is useful .

Upon receipt of such written , telefaxed or telexed claim , or its agent or representative shall have the right to test or to inspect the Licensed Software at its then location or to have the Licensed Software despatched to a point designated by or returned to carriage pre-paid .
upon receipt of such written , telefaxed or telexed claim , or its [person] or representative shall have the right to test or to inspect the licensed software at its then location or to have the licensed software despatched to a point designated by or returned to carriage pre-paid .

15.3 further agrees that upon expiry or termination of this Agreement is shall not itself or through any subsidiary or agent or otherwise , sell , sub-license , market , distribute or otherwise deal with any of the Licensed Software ( in whole or in part ) or have any software developed upon any confidential information supplied to it by , or in any way pursuant to this Agreement .
15.3 further agrees that upon expiry or termination of this agreement is shall not itself or through any subsidiary or [person] or otherwise , sell , sub-license , market , distribute or otherwise deal with any of the licensed software ( in whole or in part ) or have any software developed upon any confidential information supplied to it by , or in any way pursuant to this agreement .

16.1 It is agreed and understood that is not the agent or representative of and has no authority or power to bind or contract the name of or to create any liability against in any way or for any purpose .
16.1 it is agreed and understood that is not the [person] or representative of and has no authority or power to bind or contract the name of or to create any liability against in any way or for any purpose .

10.7.7 Each Party , in exercising its rights under Clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.6 shall be entitled to employ an agent or contractor , provided that 10.7.7.1 it shall not supply computer programs in source code form to such an agent or contractor without the prior written consent of the Party or Parties who have generated or supplied such programs or parts thereof , and
10.7.7 each party , in exercising its rights under clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.6 shall be entitled to employ an [person] or contractor , provided that 10.7.7.1 it shall not supply computer programs in source code form to such an [person] or contractor without the prior written consent of the party or parties who have generated or supplied such programs or parts thereof , and

10.7.7.2 such Party supplies technical information to the agent or contractor on suitable conditions of confidentiality .
10.7.7.2 such party supplies technical information to the [person] or contractor on suitable conditions of confidentiality .

6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this Agreement , and shall permit any authorized agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .
6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this agreement , and shall permit any authorized [person] of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .

Both denied struggle for power as an agent of social change , but accepted the necessity of evolution , the logical consequence of which was belief in the centrality of parliamentarianism .
both denied struggle for power as an [person] of social change , but accepted the necessity of evolution , the logical consequence of which was belief in the centrality of parliamentarianism .

Because of the wholesale integration of the theory and practice of the party into the national cultural formation , at no time did it promote its working-class constituency as an agent of social change .
because of the wholesale integration of the theory and practice of the party into the national cultural formation , at no time did it promote its working-class constituency as an [person] of social change .

Of less significance as a provider , but in the long term a more powerful agent of change , was the Canning Town Health Society .
of less significance as a provider , but in the long term a more powerful [person] of change , was the canning town health society .

It seems reasonable , however , to distinguish between two different types of thing which might or would have happened if the agent had not done an action .
it seems reasonable , however , to distinguish between two different types of thing which might or would have happened if the [person] had not done an action .

Virtues are essentially qualities of character which are useful or agreeable either to the agent or others .
virtues are essentially qualities of character which are useful or agreeable either to the [person] or others .

The first thing to realize ( in Kant 's opinion ) about moral action is that it is action done out of respect for duty as such , that is for a system of categorical imperatives recognised as binding on every rational agent whatever his desires and feelings happen to be .
the first thing to realize ( in kant 's opinion ) about moral action is that it is action done out of respect for duty as such , that is for a system of categorical imperatives recognised as binding on every rational [person] whatever his desires and feelings happen to be .

This hardly looks the same principle , but the connection lies in the fact that for Kant the sense in which every person is an end is that each is a rational agent who , as such , should be conceived as potentially cooperating with me in settling upon and living by universal principles of behaviour taken as binding on all rational agents .
this hardly looks the same principle , but the connection lies in the fact that for kant the sense in which every person is an end is that each is a rational [person] who , as such , should be conceived as potentially cooperating with me in settling upon and living by universal principles of behaviour taken as binding on all rational agents .

He had acquired an agent of dubious reputation , a new hair style of highlighted curls , and the reputation of being a very trendy dresser .
he had acquired an [person] of dubious reputation , a new hair style of highlighted curls , and the reputation of being a very trendy dresser .

‘ You know , by the way , that Brian 's got a new agent , do you ? Oh yes , he ditched Graham who 's looked after him for over ten years through thick and thin , and mainly thin , in favour of Mike Martinez . ’
‘ you know , by the way , that brian 's got a new [person] , do you ? oh yes , he ditched graham who 's looked after him for over ten years through thick and thin , and mainly thin , in favour of mike martinez . ’

You can also talk to Jack 's agent .
you can also talk to jack 's [person] .

In the final instance the golfer could simply refuse to work with his agent , who would then be faced with the problem of whether to sue his erstwhile client — a very expensive , long-winded and unsatisfactory process .
in the final instance the golfer could simply refuse to work with his [person] , who would then be faced with the problem of whether to sue his erstwhile client — a very expensive , long-winded and unsatisfactory process .

Toby continued : ‘ As for this Harley business , we now know that there has been a closer relationship between Martinez and Jefferson over the years than the normal one of agent and manufacturer .
toby continued : ‘ as for this harley business , we now know that there has been a closer relationship between martinez and jefferson over the years than the normal one of [person] and manufacturer .

This implies a corresponding commitment by the training institutions to prepare the student to become an agent of change .
this implies a corresponding commitment by the training institutions to prepare the student to become an [person] of change .

Many of the papers in this volume set the human agent within a cosmology , a total moral universe of meaning .
many of the papers in this volume set the human [person] within a cosmology , a total moral universe of meaning .

When treating the meanings of moral concepts such as aggression and tranquillity , it is necessary to say something , about the local theory of the moral agent , or person .
when treating the meanings of moral concepts such as aggression and tranquillity , it is necessary to say something , about the local theory of the moral [person] , or person .

‘ The Count himself , the owner , that is , and his local agent .
‘ the count himself , the owner , that is , and his local [person] .

‘ No , they were sent from Turin via the agent in the village here .
‘ no , they were sent from turin via the [person] in the village here .

‘ Who knows ? The agent 's estimates are here if you want to look at them . ’
‘ who knows ? the [person] 's estimates are here if you want to look at them . ’

An agent of the British espionage services had been captured in Moscow .
an [person] of the british espionage services had been captured in moscow .

The sub-contractor will be expected to comply with instructions given by the general foreman , site agent or contract manager .
the sub-contractor will be expected to comply with instructions given by the general foreman , site [person] or contract manager .

The landowner , estate agent or speculator may make a direct approach to the developer .
the landowner , estate [person] or speculator may make a direct approach to the developer .

The developer is then left to make a response to the advertisement and approach the vendor or his agent for more information .
the developer is then left to make a response to the advertisement and approach the vendor or his [person] for more information .

The estate agent may be consulted by the vendor at an early stage and either he or an architect instructed to apply for any necessary planning approval , prior to putting the land on to the market .
the estate [person] may be consulted by the vendor at an early stage and either he or an architect instructed to apply for any necessary planning approval , prior to putting the land on to the market .

estate agent
estate [person]

The agent , when instructed to sell land or property , will almost certainly appraise the development or redevelopment potential and advise his client accordingly .
the [person] , when instructed to sell land or property , will almost certainly appraise the development or redevelopment potential and advise his client accordingly .

The estate agent will retain a register of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .
the estate [person] will retain a register of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .

When land becomes available the agent will circulate the details of the site , including acreage , planning condition and possibly a photograph , together With the method of sale — auction , tender , offers or private treaty .
when land becomes available the [person] will circulate the details of the site , including acreage , planning condition and possibly a photograph , together with the method of sale — auction , tender , offers or private treaty .

The circulation may on occasion be restricted to certain defined and known developers who are most likely tore-instruct the agent for the sale of the projected development .
the circulation may on occasion be restricted to certain defined and known developers who are most likely tore-instruct the [person] for the sale of the projected development .

The agent 's first objective is to obtain the best possible price for his client and secondly , if possible , to generate the opportunity to market the completed units .
the [person] 's first objective is to obtain the best possible price for his client and secondly , if possible , to generate the opportunity to market the completed units .

In normal or difficult market conditions , the agent is probably able to serve his client well by such introductions and contacts , particularly where the site will be sold by private treaty at a fixed price or by offers over a minimum sale figure .
in normal or difficult market conditions , the [person] is probably able to serve his client well by such introductions and contacts , particularly where the site will be sold by private treaty at a fixed price or by offers over a minimum sale figure .

In good market conditions , however , auction or tender will be more likely to provide the best price for the client , but because the land has been widely advertised the purchaser will be under no moral or other obligation to re-instruct the agent .
in good market conditions , however , auction or tender will be more likely to provide the best price for the client , but because the land has been widely advertised the purchaser will be under no moral or other obligation to re-instruct the [person] .

When the market is depressed , the agent may himself , via his own contacts , prospect for land suitable for development and become involved in site assembly .
when the market is depressed , the [person] may himself , via his own contacts , prospect for land suitable for development and become involved in site assembly .

Once the speculator has assembled and identified the land , he is often not over-anxious to draw attention to his activities and will therefore attempt to dispose of the site direct to the builder or developer without advertising or using an estate agent .
once the speculator has assembled and identified the land , he is often not over-anxious to draw attention to his activities and will therefore attempt to dispose of the site direct to the builder or developer without advertising or using an estate [person] .

Such land will usually be channelled through an estate agent .
such land will usually be channelled through an estate [person] .

Sites are usually widely advertised and tenders invited , either directly through the local authority or via an estate agent , sometimes involving ’ design competition ’ .
sites are usually widely advertised and tenders invited , either directly through the local authority or via an estate [person] , sometimes involving ’ design competition ’ .

This can be particularly profitable as a fresh look from an outsider may reveal untapped sales potential and markets not recognised by the local estate agent .
this can be particularly profitable as a fresh look from an outsider may reveal untapped sales potential and markets not recognised by the local estate [person] .

Where such sites are owned by private individuals ( not by another builder or developer ) a personal approach , together with a good offer , may pre-empt the instruction of an estate agent or advertisement by the vendor to sell the site .
where such sites are owned by private individuals ( not by another builder or developer ) a personal approach , together with a good offer , may pre-empt the instruction of an estate [person] or advertisement by the vendor to sell the site .

Where the application has been submitted by an estate agent or other agent acting on behalf of the vendor , a direct approach at this early stage may give the developer ’ the edge ’ ( a slight advantage in any later sale or disposal arrangements ) .
where the application has been submitted by an estate [person] or other [person] acting on behalf of the vendor , a direct approach at this early stage may give the developer ’ the edge ’ ( a slight advantage in any later sale or disposal arrangements ) .

Such a reputation tends to reap its own rewards , particularly from those vendors who do not care to sell via an estate agent .
such a reputation tends to reap its own rewards , particularly from those vendors who do not care to sell via an estate [person] .

The vendor or his agent may already have decided to sell the land by auction , tender or highest offer .
the vendor or his [person] may already have decided to sell the land by auction , tender or highest offer .

The agent subsequently contacted us to advise that the company 's was the highest bid and asked if we would be prepared to proceed at that figure .
the [person] subsequently contacted us to advise that the company 's was the highest bid and asked if we would be prepared to proceed at that figure .

The vendor or his agent may request that tenders are submitted for a parcel of land ; the estate agent will give wide publicity to the site and circularise prospective purchasers .
the vendor or his [person] may request that tenders are submitted for a parcel of land ; the estate [person] will give wide publicity to the site and circularise prospective purchasers .

It may be possible , due to restricted publicity and advertising , for few tenders to be submitted and personal friends or acquaintances of the agent to be able to submit a low offer , or arrange for an offer to be submitted once all the tenders have been opened .
it may be possible , due to restricted publicity and advertising , for few tenders to be submitted and personal friends or acquaintances of the [person] to be able to submit a low offer , or arrange for an offer to be submitted once all the tenders have been opened .

Our land buyer approached the agent , who advised that tenders were expected in the region of £50 000 .
our land buyer approached the [person] , who advised that tenders were expected in the region of £50 000 .

The vendor may offer the site for sale himself or instruct an estate agent to act on his behalf in the disposal of his property or land .
the vendor may offer the site for sale himself or instruct an estate [person] to act on his behalf in the disposal of his property or land .

The agent , having prepared particulars , will advertise and circularise potential purchasers , but the sale price may be presented in the following ways .
the [person] , having prepared particulars , will advertise and circularise potential purchasers , but the sale price may be presented in the following ways .

The agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any guidance regarding price .
the [person] merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any guidance regarding price .

Once the agent has received a number of offers , it may well happen that each party is advised of the offers on the table and asked if they are willing to increase their offer .
once the [person] has received a number of offers , it may well happen that each party is advised of the offers on the table and asked if they are willing to increase their offer .

The two parties may agree a price for the land or ask an agent to act on their behalf .
the two parties may agree a price for the land or ask an [person] to act on their behalf .

When access is required onto a classified road , approval must be obtained from the Department of Transport or local authority acting as their agent .
when access is required onto a classified road , approval must be obtained from the department of transport or local authority acting as their [person] .

Hired plant , special expenses , legal and estate agent 's fees
hired plant , special expenses , legal and estate [person] 's fees

The cost system now outlined could apply not only to materials invoices but also to invoices for hired plant , special expenses , overheads , legal and estate agent 's fees , and in part to certified payments and the company payroll .
the cost system now outlined could apply not only to materials invoices but also to invoices for hired plant , special expenses , overheads , legal and estate [person] 's fees , and in part to certified payments and the company payroll .

‘ So delightful , ’ says the Agent .
‘ so delightful , ’ says the [person] .

About once a month , with the Agent , we motor to Lisbon and pay a call on an elderly Spaniard in his office at the Hotel de Luxe .
about once a month , with the [person] , we motor to lisbon and pay a call on an elderly spaniard in his office at the hotel de luxe .

We have money ready , supplied by the Agent .
we have money ready , supplied by the [person] .

His body now exudes this pink gook which he subsequently bottles and gives to the Agent together with a bunch of other toiletries .
his body now exudes this pink gook which he subsequently bottles and gives to the [person] together with a bunch of other toiletries .

One was not sorry to bid farewell to Portugal and its rhythm of misery and fiesta , the docks , the Agent 's clueless stare .
one was not sorry to bid farewell to portugal and its rhythm of misery and fiesta , the docks , the [person] 's clueless stare .

The manufacturer delegates to the agent the task of setting final price ( usually ) , output , pre-sale services , and so on , but is rather careful about the construction of the award schedule .
the manufacturer delegates to the [person] the task of setting final price ( usually ) , output , pre-sale services , and so on , but is rather careful about the construction of the award schedule .

He looked over the estate agent 's shoulder at the surprised face of the Englishman .
he looked over the estate [person] 's shoulder at the surprised face of the englishman .

Christina knew it was none of her business — Martin was a free agent — but it disturbed her somehow to see him being so hotly pursued by a determined young woman .
christina knew it was none of her business — martin was a free [person] — but it disturbed her somehow to see him being so hotly pursued by a determined young woman .

In active clauses , the subject is the agent responsible for performing the action .
in active clauses , the subject is the [person] responsible for performing the action .

In passive clauses , the subject is the affected entity , and the agent may or may not be specified , depending on the structures available in each language .
in passive clauses , the subject is the affected entity , and the [person] may or may not be specified , depending on the structures available in each language .

Note that the form of the verb changes in a passive structure to indicate that its subject is the affected entity rather than the agent .
note that the form of the verb changes in a passive structure to indicate that its subject is the affected entity rather than the [person] .

The structure illustrated in ( c ) , where the agent is specified in a passive clause , is much less frequent than the structure illustrated in ( b ) , where the agent is left unspecified .
the structure illustrated in ( c ) , where the [person] is specified in a passive clause , is much less frequent than the structure illustrated in ( b ) , where the [person] is left unspecified .

In other languages , the use of the passive is obligatory in certain contexts ; for instance , the passive has to be used in Yana , an American Indian language , when the agent is a third person acting upon a first or second person .
in other languages , the use of the passive is obligatory in certain contexts ; for instance , the passive has to be used in yana , an american indian language , when the [person] is a third person acting upon a first or second person .

Most languages have a variety of mechanisms for constructing ‘ agentless ’ clauses ; for instance , the French statement On parle anglais and the German Man spricht Englisch leave the agent unspecified by using a ‘ dummy ’ subject , on and man respectively .
most languages have a variety of mechanisms for constructing ‘ agentless ’ clauses ; for instance , the french statement on parle anglais and the german man spricht englisch leave the [person] unspecified by using a ‘ dummy ’ subject , on and man respectively .

They can be translated into English either by using a similar ‘ dummy ’ subject , They speak English , where they does not refer to a specific agent , or by using the passive voice , English is spoken .
they can be translated into english either by using a similar ‘ dummy ’ subject , they speak english , where they does not refer to a specific [person] , or by using the passive voice , english is spoken .

Rendering a passive structure by an active structure , or conversely an active structure by a passive structure in translation can affect the amount of information given in the clause , the linear arrangement of semantic elements such as agent and affected entity , and the focus of the message .
rendering a passive structure by an active structure , or conversely an active structure by a passive structure in translation can affect the amount of information given in the clause , the linear arrangement of semantic elements such as [person] and affected entity , and the focus of the message .

English has many formulae or semi-fixed expressions in formal correspondence which rely heavily on using the passive for distancing , to project the writer as an agent of an objective process .
english has many formulae or semi-fixed expressions in formal correspondence which rely heavily on using the passive for distancing , to project the writer as an [person] of an objective process .

The main function of the passive in English and in a number of other languages is , as already mentioned , to avoid specifying the agent and to give an impression of objectivity .
the main function of the passive in english and in a number of other languages is , as already mentioned , to avoid specifying the [person] and to give an impression of objectivity .

This right of control is manifested in , among other situations , the consignor 's retrieval of goods from the carrier or the carrier 's warehousing agent and in the consignor 's instruction to refrain from delivering to the named consignee or to deliver to another consignee .
this right of control is manifested in , among other situations , the consignor 's retrieval of goods from the carrier or the carrier 's warehousing [person] and in the consignor 's instruction to refrain from delivering to the named consignee or to deliver to another consignee .

The United States Pomerene Act , provided that if the goods were delivered to a common carrier by their owner or by the owner 's agent , once an order bill of lading was issued , the goods could not be attached or levied upon , under an execution , unless the bill was first surrendered to the carrier , or its negotiation was enjoined .
the united states pomerene act , provided that if the goods were delivered to a common carrier by their owner or by the owner 's [person] , once an order bill of lading was issued , the goods could not be attached or levied upon , under an execution , unless the bill was first surrendered to the carrier , or its negotiation was enjoined .

If a bill of lading was issued either by a carrier or by its employee or agent whose authority included receiving goods and issuing bills of lading , the carrier was liable for damages : a ) to the owner of the goods covered by a straight bill of lading ; or b ) to the holder of an order bill who gave value in good faith , and who relied upon the description of the goods or upon their shipment on the date shown .
if a bill of lading was issued either by a carrier or by its employee or [person] whose authority included receiving goods and issuing bills of lading , the carrier was liable for damages : a ) to the owner of the goods covered by a straight bill of lading ; or b ) to the holder of an order bill who gave value in good faith , and who relied upon the description of the goods or upon their shipment on the date shown .

This meant that even though no goods had actually been received by the carrier 's faithless agent or that the goods received were misdescribed , the mere fact that a bill of lading had been issued by someone empowered to do so created a right to claim the value of the described goods .
this meant that even though no goods had actually been received by the carrier 's faithless [person] or that the goods received were misdescribed , the mere fact that a bill of lading had been issued by someone empowered to do so created a right to claim the value of the described goods .

What is stated in the bill is only conclusive evidence against the master or agent who signed it , ‘ even where the carrier 's agent had actual authority to sign .
what is stated in the bill is only conclusive evidence against the master or [person] who signed it , ‘ even where the carrier 's [person] had actual authority to sign .

This sentence overruled cases such as Grant v. Norway , which held that a captain or other owner 's agent , who signed a bill of lading for goods that were not received , did so ultra vires or without authority .
this sentence overruled cases such as grant v. norway , which held that a captain or other owner 's [person] , who signed a bill of lading for goods that were not received , did so ultra vires or without authority .

Acting in this dual capacity , the port agent gives the captain the forms of ‘ consignment bills of lading ’ subject to charter party conditions .
acting in this dual capacity , the port [person] gives the captain the forms of ‘ consignment bills of lading ’ subject to charter party conditions .

More commonly , however , the agent for the owner or head charterer is a specialized ship 's agent dedicated to service only specified owners or head charterers , who not only books chartered space but also provides port services for the chartered vessel .
more commonly , however , the [person] for the owner or head charterer is a specialized ship 's [person] dedicated to service only specified owners or head charterers , who not only books chartered space but also provides port services for the chartered vessel .

This agent , who may or may not be affiliated with a freight forwarder , prepares the charter party bill of lading and gives it to the captain for his signature , subject to charter party conditions .
this [person] , who may or may not be affiliated with a freight forwarder , prepares the charter party bill of lading and gives it to the captain for his signature , subject to charter party conditions .

Usually this situation comes about when a voyage or space charterer issues his own ( ordinary or non-charter party ) bills of lading , without the master 's or his agent 's signature .
usually this situation comes about when a voyage or space charterer issues his own ( ordinary or non-charter party ) bills of lading , without the master 's or his [person] 's signature .

If no bill or statement has been signed by the master or his agent indicating that the freight had been paid , the carrier may exercise a lien on the cargo for the unpaid freight .
if no bill or statement has been signed by the master or his [person] indicating that the freight had been paid , the carrier may exercise a lien on the cargo for the unpaid freight .

The air waybill was designed as an acknowledgment of receipt of goods from the consignor , and as a notice of shipment to the carrier ( and especially to his agent at the destination ) , a notice which would also enable the identification of the consignee .
the air waybill was designed as an acknowledgment of receipt of goods from the consignor , and as a notice of shipment to the carrier ( and especially to his [person] at the destination ) , a notice which would also enable the identification of the consignee .

Delivery of air cargo to a named consignee or agent merely requires his identification , and not a surrender of the air waybill .
delivery of air cargo to a named consignee or [person] merely requires his identification , and not a surrender of the air waybill .

In the ‘ proprietary ’ type , the agent acts for the airline whose name appears pre-printed in the air waybill .
in the ‘ proprietary ’ type , the [person] acts for the airline whose name appears pre-printed in the air waybill .

This proprietary air waybill can be issued only by the airline whose identity is pre-printed on its or its agent 's document .
this proprietary air waybill can be issued only by the airline whose identity is pre-printed on its or its [person] 's document .

In the ‘ neutral ’ agency type , the agent acts for different airlines , and , thus , the air waybill form does not contain a pre-printed reference to the airline 's name and number .
in the ‘ neutral ’ agency type , the [person] acts for different airlines , and , thus , the air waybill form does not contain a pre-printed reference to the airline 's name and number .

The agent enters the airline identification when the air waybill is issued .
the [person] enters the airline identification when the air waybill is issued .

Normally such a document evidences only a contract between the shipper and the freight forwarder , who acts as a broker for air cargo space or as an independent commission agent .
normally such a document evidences only a contract between the shipper and the freight forwarder , who acts as a broker for air cargo space or as an independent commission [person] .

The registry was to act as an agent for the parties ' endorsement of bills , as well as for the delivery of the paper based bill of lading with which the goods would be claimed from the carrier .
the registry was to act as an [person] for the parties ' endorsement of bills , as well as for the delivery of the paper based bill of lading with which the goods would be claimed from the carrier .

Any endorsement reflecting the bill 's negotiation would have been effected by SeaDocs as an agent for both endorser and endorsee .
any endorsement reflecting the bill 's negotiation would have been effected by seadocs as an [person] for both endorser and endorsee .

Accordingly , banks will continue to determine whether the bill was signed or authenticated by someone stating the he was the ‘ carrier , ’ the ‘ owner , ’ the ‘ master ’ of the vessel , or the agent of any of the above .
accordingly , banks will continue to determine whether the bill was signed or authenticated by someone stating the he was the ‘ carrier , ’ the ‘ owner , ’ the ‘ master ’ of the vessel , or the [person] of any of the above .

His absorption with Mao and Castro was so open that the neighbors took it for a double bluff , and each new discovery of an agent transmitting messages from some ordinary-looking English suburb increased the tension of their interest in the land mine who was surely bound one day to go off in their own street .
his absorption with mao and castro was so open that the neighbors took it for a double bluff , and each new discovery of an [person] transmitting messages from some ordinary-looking english suburb increased the tension of their interest in the land mine who was surely bound one day to go off in their own street .

It is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an agent , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .
it is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an [person] , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .

Thomson Travel , for instance , includes the Thomson label proper , plus Portland Holidays , Britannia Airways and Lunn Poly the travel agent chain .
thomson travel , for instance , includes the thomson label proper , plus portland holidays , britannia airways and lunn poly the travel [person] chain .

Thomas Cook is a slightly different case in that its origins are at the consumer end — as a travel agent chain — but it has now developed into the provision of holiday sector as well , thus generating backward vertical integration .
thomas cook is a slightly different case in that its origins are at the consumer end — as a travel [person] chain — but it has now developed into the provision of holiday sector as well , thus generating backward vertical integration .

This cuts out the travel agent and was pioneered in the United Kingdom by the Danish firm Tjaebourg ( which also has its own airline , Stirling Airways ) .
this cuts out the travel [person] and was pioneered in the united kingdom by the danish firm tjaebourg ( which also has its own airline , stirling airways ) .

Two main problems face the travel agent sector of the market .
two main problems face the travel [person] sector of the market .

Clearly in looking at the travel agent sector we have already been analysing something of the domestic arm of the industry since these agents also arrange domestic holidays or parts of them .
clearly in looking at the travel [person] sector we have already been analysing something of the domestic arm of the industry since these agents also arrange domestic holidays or parts of them .

‘ The agent who arranged it all , ’ he continued , ‘ was he perhaps a lawyer , name of Jaggers ? ’
‘ the [person] who arranged it all , ’ he continued , ‘ was he perhaps a lawyer , name of jaggers ? ’

Unbeknown to his stepson , the old man had already been scanning the local papers with a view to hiring some kind of enquiry agent to search far and wide for the son who had absconded all those years ago , but as yet he had not been given the opportunity to do anything positive .
unbeknown to his stepson , the old man had already been scanning the local papers with a view to hiring some kind of enquiry [person] to search far and wide for the son who had absconded all those years ago , but as yet he had not been given the opportunity to do anything positive .

‘ Go to that place where you grew up and tell a local estate agent you want the cheapest thing he 's got .
‘ go to that place where you grew up and tell a local estate [person] you want the cheapest thing he 's got .

Applebank Cottage , made of local soft Bath stone , was damp and cold , but as the agent pointed out , what did Clare expect for two pounds per week ? All it needed was some heat .
applebank cottage , made of local soft bath stone , was damp and cold , but as the [person] pointed out , what did clare expect for two pounds per week ? all it needed was some heat .

‘ You 're a top-class agent , my girl .
‘ you 're a top-class [person] , my girl .

There probably was n't a Nazi agent amongst them , but they were all local spivs touting for the Nazis .
there probably was n't a nazi [person] amongst them , but they were all local spivs touting for the nazis .

He disclosed nothing of himself , but the more he talked the more convinced she became that he was not the Nazi agent in charge of their operations in Egypt .
he disclosed nothing of himself , but the more he talked the more convinced she became that he was not the nazi [person] in charge of their operations in egypt .

So dubious were the powers-that-be in Britain of a single female agent being dropped into occupied France without back-up that they 'd refused to give their assistance .
so dubious were the powers-that-be in britain of a single female [person] being dropped into occupied france without back-up that they 'd refused to give their assistance .

‘ He worked for British Intelligence , but he was a double agent .
‘ he worked for british intelligence , but he was a double [person] .

Clare works for an estate agent so far up-market it 's mostly estates they deal in , not humble houses , no matter how extensive ; if it does n't boast a couple of salmon rivers , a few square miles of trees and a brace of hills , lochs or lakes , then they just are n't interested .
clare works for an estate [person] so far up-market it 's mostly estates they deal in , not humble houses , no matter how extensive ; if it does n't boast a couple of salmon rivers , a few square miles of trees and a brace of hills , lochs or lakes , then they just are n't interested .

International Communist Agent ( 1925 )
international communist [person] ( 1925 )

Doubtless because he impressed the Congress he was asked to join Mikhail Borodin as Comintern agent in Canton .
doubtless because he impressed the congress he was asked to join mikhail borodin as comintern [person] in canton .

The constituency agent had suggested that the old bunch ‘ had had their time ’ .
the constituency [person] had suggested that the old bunch ‘ had had their time ’ .

The unsecured creditors therefore sued Salomon personally for the debts which were owed by the company to them , alleging that the company merely acted as an agent or a ‘ front ’ for Salomon himself .
the unsecured creditors therefore sued salomon personally for the debts which were owed by the company to them , alleging that the company merely acted as an [person] or a ‘ front ’ for salomon himself .

In a partnership each partner is an agent of the others , and each therefore is also a principal .
in a partnership each partner is an [person] of the others , and each therefore is also a principal .

Since these domains are physical , they act to provide the agent with objective probabilities producing subjective ( rather than individual , Bourdieu 1977 : 86–7 ) aspirations which are usually restricted to aims the agent has some prospect or accomplishing ( Bourdieu 1977 : 77 ) .
since these domains are physical , they act to provide the [person] with objective probabilities producing subjective ( rather than individual , bourdieu 1977 : 86–7 ) aspirations which are usually restricted to aims the [person] has some prospect or accomplishing ( bourdieu 1977 : 77 ) .

Tools , after all , extend the very possibility of humanity as productive agent , and thus make for obvious analogies with biological function .
tools , after all , extend the very possibility of humanity as productive [person] , and thus make for obvious analogies with biological function .

The subject as agent of strategy appears as highly constrained and normative .
the subject as [person] of strategy appears as highly constrained and normative .

In this context knowledge and information are the strategic resource , the transforming agent behind innovations in the management and organization of the economy .
in this context knowledge and information are the strategic resource , the transforming [person] behind innovations in the management and organization of the economy .

This isolated , bounded quality tends to make the deviance unpredictable and forecloses the possibility of a continuing relationship between enforcement agent and potential deviant .
this isolated , bounded quality tends to make the deviance unpredictable and forecloses the possibility of a continuing relationship between enforcement [person] and potential deviant .

The regulatory enforcement agent in routine cases adopts a compliance strategy which follows a serial pattern , a loosely structured but none the less organized process relying heavily upon negotiated conformity , with a gradual increase in pressure being applied to the unco-operative .
the regulatory enforcement [person] in routine cases adopts a compliance strategy which follows a serial pattern , a loosely structured but none the less organized process relying heavily upon negotiated conformity , with a gradual increase in pressure being applied to the unco-operative .

However , the enforcement agent in a compliance system regards prosecution as a sign of failure , where in a sanctioning system it becomes visible evidence that he has done his job .
however , the enforcement [person] in a compliance system regards prosecution as a sign of failure , where in a sanctioning system it becomes visible evidence that he has done his job .

Much of a regulatory enforcement agent 's behaviour is moulded by the fact that he is confronted with organizational activity , where the policeman is typically concerned with individuals or groups .
much of a regulatory enforcement [person] 's behaviour is moulded by the fact that he is confronted with organizational activity , where the policeman is typically concerned with individuals or groups .

While clear , uncomplicated standards are useful for an enforcement agent negotiating to secure compliance , economy in the design of standards is also important .
while clear , uncomplicated standards are useful for an enforcement [person] negotiating to secure compliance , economy in the design of standards is also important .

The area office is the agent 's only source of regular contact with colleagues , and a setting for the transmission of a shared system of norms of pollution control work .
the area office is the [person] 's only source of regular contact with colleagues , and a setting for the transmission of a shared system of norms of pollution control work .

The enforcement agent in a compliance system has a wide variety of roles to fulfil .
the enforcement [person] in a compliance system has a wide variety of roles to fulfil .

As a reactive enforcement agent ( see ch .
as a reactive enforcement [person] ( see ch .

In sampling and inspecting water quality he is his own agent to decide where and when he goes to pick up a sample .
in sampling and inspecting water quality he is his own [person] to decide where and when he goes to pick up a sample .

In a sanctioning system , the enforcement agent can work by a penal control criterion of activity , as measured by arrests and clear-up rates ( Reiss and Bordua , 1967:37 ; Rubinstein , 1973 ; Skolnick , 1966 ) even though police work actually involves little contact with ‘ criminals ’ and few arrests ( Manning , 1977:348 ) .
in a sanctioning system , the enforcement [person] can work by a penal control criterion of activity , as measured by arrests and clear-up rates ( reiss and bordua , 1967:37 ; rubinstein , 1973 ; skolnick , 1966 ) even though police work actually involves little contact with ‘ criminals ’ and few arrests ( manning , 1977:348 ) .

Legal organizations , to be effective in attaining their mandate , have to transmit their policies to and make secure their control over the enforcement agent in the field .
legal organizations , to be effective in attaining their mandate , have to transmit their policies to and make secure their control over the enforcement [person] in the field .

Similarly , the autonomy which for an agency is a problem of organizational control is for the enforcement agent a source of personal control , providing satisfaction and professional pride .
similarly , the autonomy which for an agency is a problem of organizational control is for the enforcement [person] a source of personal control , providing satisfaction and professional pride .

In short , he becomes more credible as a negotiator and as an enforcement agent .
in short , he becomes more credible as a negotiator and as an enforcement [person] .

In other words teacher professionality contributes to the creativity of the school , but the school itself can also be an agent of professional development in teachers .
in other words teacher professionality contributes to the creativity of the school , but the school itself can also be an [person] of professional development in teachers .

The ‘ tightly knit ’ Asian culture and its cultural agent , the ‘ tightly knit ’ Asian family , are regarded in the Swann Report and elsewhere as a key influence in producing high educational achievements .
the ‘ tightly knit ’ asian culture and its cultural [person] , the ‘ tightly knit ’ asian family , are regarded in the swann report and elsewhere as a key influence in producing high educational achievements .

Their contact with the local population is largely commercial , and the agent of that exchange is the tout .
their contact with the local population is largely commercial , and the [person] of that exchange is the tout .

For the most part other trade union leaders of the day accepted that the Federation was an active agent in stirring up trouble for Wilson . ``
for the most part other trade union leaders of the day accepted that the federation was an active [person] in stirring up trouble for wilson . ``

William Ellis , a former agent of the Free Labour Association , contested the truth of statements made by William Collison , `` The Apostle of Free Labour `` , both on the number of workmen available for strike breaking and on the number of `` pitched battles with aggressive trade unions `` which the Association had fought .
william ellis , a former [person] of the free labour association , contested the truth of statements made by william collison , `` the apostle of free labour `` , both on the number of workmen available for strike breaking and on the number of `` pitched battles with aggressive trade unions `` which the association had fought .

4 What would the agent next in line to the recruit call out ?
4 what would the [person] next in line to the recruit call out ?

For example this secret agent has a code ( b c ) and last month b stood for 12 and c for 5 .
for example this secret [person] has a code ( b c ) and last month b stood for 12 and c for 5 .

8 The agent at the side has forgotten his code number .
8 the [person] at the side has forgotten his code number .

But it is better ( it is more general ) to regard the electric field as the agent with which the energy has been deposited .
but it is better ( it is more general ) to regard the electric field as the [person] with which the energy has been deposited .

The company has given a guarantee of up to £693,000 ( 1990 nil ) in respect of a bank advance to a prospective overseas agent .
the company has given a guarantee of up to £693,000 ( 1990 nil ) in respect of a bank advance to a prospective overseas [person] .

Injection of sodium amylobarbitone ( a barbiturate anaesthetic agent ) into the common carotid artery results in the drug being circulated through the cerebral vascular system .
injection of sodium amylobarbitone ( a barbiturate anaesthetic [person] ) into the common carotid artery results in the drug being circulated through the cerebral vascular system .

This increases the importance of competition as a structuring agent .
this increases the importance of competition as a structuring [person] .

Though the Company is still evil and still tends to give its spacecraft Conradian names ( 'Sulaco ' this time , instead of ‘ Nostromo ’ , suggesting that someone other than Ridley Scott had actually read Nostromo , the devious company man , Burke ( Paul Reiser ) , is now the loner , and he behaves exactly like a Hollywood executive , or agent , intent on a deal .
though the company is still evil and still tends to give its spacecraft conradian names ( 'sulaco ' this time , instead of ‘ nostromo ’ , suggesting that someone other than ridley scott had actually read nostromo , the devious company man , burke ( paul reiser ) , is now the loner , and he behaves exactly like a hollywood executive , or [person] , intent on a deal .

His rejection of the overtures of a smooth-faced , smooth-tongued , camp , high-powered theatrical agent coincided with his offer of marriage to Liz .
his rejection of the overtures of a smooth-faced , smooth-tongued , camp , high-powered theatrical [person] coincided with his offer of marriage to liz .

In April 1989 a United States drug enforcement agent gave his personal guarantee that in two years time the United Kingdom would have a serious crack problem . Do the statistics bear him out' ? Total seizures of cocaine ( including crack ) for the last five years available ( together with comparable figures for heroin ) in kilograms are :
in april 1989 a united states drug enforcement [person] gave his personal guarantee that in two years time the united kingdom would have a serious crack problem . do the statistics bear him out' ? total seizures of cocaine ( including crack ) for the last five years available ( together with comparable figures for heroin ) in kilograms are :

The worker is defined as a free agent since she or he has the freedom to choose his or her employer .
the worker is defined as a free [person] since she or he has the freedom to choose his or her employer .

After the war ended he found himself a completely free agent , suddenly removed from the safety of neutral Switzerland ; he was shaken , disturbed ; his true self was born .
after the war ended he found himself a completely free [person] , suddenly removed from the safety of neutral switzerland ; he was shaken , disturbed ; his true self was born .

At first he tried bribery , sending his agent Megabazos to Sparta to get them to create a diversion in Greece by invading Attica .
at first he tried bribery , sending his [person] megabazos to sparta to get them to create a diversion in greece by invading attica .

‘ Instead it can , for example , be based on the argument that any particular agent 's capacity to absorb information is finite , and that broadly therefore the smaller the unit to be controlled the greater the likelihood of competence sufficient to make the necessary judgement .
‘ instead it can , for example , be based on the argument that any particular [person] 's capacity to absorb information is finite , and that broadly therefore the smaller the unit to be controlled the greater the likelihood of competence sufficient to make the necessary judgement .

The diagonal constructions employed in the paintings she selected at the National Gallery and their use as a formal agent aiding and abetting the organisation of colour is what Riley emphasises and announces in her own work of this period .
the diagonal constructions employed in the paintings she selected at the national gallery and their use as a formal [person] aiding and abetting the organisation of colour is what riley emphasises and announces in her own work of this period .

The sedentary farmer succeeded the migrant shepherd as the agent by whom the soil of Spain was squandered ; by the early nineteenth century cereals occupied perhaps three-quarters of the cultivable land , an imbalance between crop and animal husbandry as pernicious as that which prevailed in the heyday of wool .
the sedentary farmer succeeded the migrant shepherd as the [person] by whom the soil of spain was squandered ; by the early nineteenth century cereals occupied perhaps three-quarters of the cultivable land , an imbalance between crop and animal husbandry as pernicious as that which prevailed in the heyday of wool .

The control over local affairs that the new system entrusted to the agent of the central government was held responsible both for the electoral mechanics which distorted parliamentary liberalism and for the decay of local citizenship .
the control over local affairs that the new system entrusted to the [person] of the central government was held responsible both for the electoral mechanics which distorted parliamentary liberalism and for the decay of local citizenship .

Quiroga , arrested as a suspect in 1819 , was allowed extraordinary liberties : he played billiards with brother officers , walked about the streets on parole , and Alcalá Galiano , agent of the Cadiz masons , actually passed the night in his cell .
quiroga , arrested as a suspect in 1819 , was allowed extraordinary liberties : he played billiards with brother officers , walked about the streets on parole , and alcalá galiano , [person] of the cadiz masons , actually passed the night in his cell .

In 1969 , Ian Greer , a former Conservative Party agent , brought to Britain a craft that had long been established in America : the political consultant or professional lobbyist .
in 1969 , ian greer , a former conservative party [person] , brought to britain a craft that had long been established in america : the political consultant or professional lobbyist .

In conjunction with Steven Peters , the brand 's Uk agent for 10 years , Chipie shops have been opened in Manchester , Glasgow and Birmingham , with Edinburgh to join them in September .
in conjunction with steven peters , the brand 's uk [person] for 10 years , chipie shops have been opened in manchester , glasgow and birmingham , with edinburgh to join them in september .

‘ What are dialectics ? ’ said Anthony , looking for his agent 's kit-bag and make-up case on the baggage trolley at Frankfurt Airport and speaking with as much truculence as he could ever muster .
‘ what are dialectics ? ’ said anthony , looking for his [person] 's kit-bag and make-up case on the baggage trolley at frankfurt airport and speaking with as much truculence as he could ever muster .

She was too generous an agent for that .
she was too generous an [person] for that .

She told him she did n't want to be his agent any longer if he did n't need her advice , though it would be pleasant if he ever wanted her friendship .
she told him she did n't want to be his [person] any longer if he did n't need her advice , though it would be pleasant if he ever wanted her friendship .

‘ With a man who claims to be a British agent . ’
‘ with a man who claims to be a british [person] . ’

Mortimer scrutinized her with narrowed eyes , then nodded to himself . ‘ You 're with that British agent , are n't you ? ’
mortimer scrutinized her with narrowed eyes , then nodded to himself . ‘ you 're with that british [person] , are n't you ? ’

His wife had been put in place as a Soviet agent .
his wife had been put in place as a soviet [person] .

His agent , Peter Müller , had prepared it and left it in one of the embassy ‘ letter boxes ’ for collection .
his [person] , peter müller , had prepared it and left it in one of the embassy ‘ letter boxes ’ for collection .

Müller was not only a very good agent , but an old partner .
müller was not only a very good [person] , but an old partner .

An agent was despatched from London to Jersey to check on the dead activist Varienski 's daughter .
an [person] was despatched from london to jersey to check on the dead activist varienski 's daughter .

Mr Stewart was convinced that , provided booksellers had the required enthusiasm and vision to tackle the schools market , they were uniquely placed to act as agent to all publishers and to provide a one-stop shopping facility for teachers .
mr stewart was convinced that , provided booksellers had the required enthusiasm and vision to tackle the schools market , they were uniquely placed to act as [person] to all publishers and to provide a one-stop shopping facility for teachers .

was due wholly to anything done or left undone by another person , not being a servant or agent of the owner , with intent to do damage or
was due wholly to anything done or left undone by another person , not being a servant or [person] of the owner , with intent to do damage or

There are many possible ways in which one may incur tortious liability through the instrumentality of an animal under one 's control , but the fact that the agent happens to be animate rather than inanimate is immaterial , for while the common law , like other legal systems , developed special or additional rules of liability for animals , it did not deny the applicability to them of the general law .
there are many possible ways in which one may incur tortious liability through the instrumentality of an animal under one 's control , but the fact that the [person] happens to be animate rather than inanimate is immaterial , for while the common law , like other legal systems , developed special or additional rules of liability for animals , it did not deny the applicability to them of the general law .

Disposition in the ordinary course of business by a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the owner 's consent .
disposition in the ordinary course of business by a mercantile [person] in possession of the goods or documents of title with the owner 's consent .

Changes in sexual behaviour may have facilitated the spread of a transmittable agent of aetiological importance .
changes in sexual behaviour may have facilitated the spread of a transmittable [person] of aetiological importance .

We have found evidence for a possible aetiological link between anal cancer and cervical cancer , ; for which a sexually transmitted agent is strongly suspected to be involved .
we have found evidence for a possible aetiological link between anal cancer and cervical cancer , ; for which a sexually transmitted [person] is strongly suspected to be involved .

Recent changes in sexual habits also coincide with the trends in anal cancer incidence and suggest , as with cervical cancer , that an infectious agent is involved .
recent changes in sexual habits also coincide with the trends in anal cancer incidence and suggest , as with cervical cancer , that an infectious [person] is involved .

They preferred to avoid contact with what they considered an alienating agent of the state 's authority .
they preferred to avoid contact with what they considered an alienating [person] of the state 's authority .

Robert Breese has joined the Dawson subscriptions sales team , and Ian Bangham has been appointed the Dawson agent in Ireland .
robert breese has joined the dawson subscriptions sales team , and ian bangham has been appointed the dawson [person] in ireland .

Debbie Beckerman at Transworld has bought from agent Jane Judd the memoirs of jockey Lester Piggott , to be written with his daughter , journalist and television presenter Tracy Piggott , as the third title of a three-book deal for Partridge Press .
debbie beckerman at transworld has bought from [person] jane judd the memoirs of jockey lester piggott , to be written with his daughter , journalist and television presenter tracy piggott , as the third title of a three-book deal for partridge press .

’ ( Agent Anne McDermid at Curtis Brown . )
’ ( [person] anne mcdermid at curtis brown . )

Phenol , a strong deproteinizing agent , with chloroform removes most of the proteins from the nucleic acid .
phenol , a strong deproteinizing [person] , with chloroform removes most of the proteins from the nucleic acid .

This entails coupling a promoter region of a gene expressed in cancer cells with a non-mammalian enzyme that can activate a prodrug to a cytotoxic agent .
this entails coupling a promoter region of a gene expressed in cancer cells with a non-mammalian enzyme that can activate a prodrug to a cytotoxic [person] .

This implies an increase in contacts between susceptible and infected individuals for some unidentified transmissible agent whose transmission is more likely in areas of low population density where the prevalence of susceptible people tends to be higher than average .
this implies an increase in contacts between susceptible and infected individuals for some unidentified transmissible [person] whose transmission is more likely in areas of low population density where the prevalence of susceptible people tends to be higher than average .

but made more likely in conditions of heavy exposure to the relevant agent , as in feline leukaemia .
but made more likely in conditions of heavy exposure to the relevant [person] , as in feline leukaemia .

They also suggest that the relevant agent ( or agents ) can be transmitted among adults , and thence to children , as suggested by other recent work involving occupational settings .
they also suggest that the relevant [person] ( or agents ) can be transmitted among adults , and thence to children , as suggested by other recent work involving occupational settings .

The fewer susceptible people in urban areas would reflect the prior sporadic exposure to the widespread relevant agent , which would make them less vulnerable to an epidemic caused by new and sudden population mixing .
the fewer susceptible people in urban areas would reflect the prior sporadic exposure to the widespread relevant [person] , which would make them less vulnerable to an epidemic caused by new and sudden population mixing .

The probable importance of large doses of the relevant agent ( from either repeated exposures or particularly heavy exposures ) has been emphasised previously in relation to childhood leukaemia .
the probable importance of large doses of the relevant [person] ( from either repeated exposures or particularly heavy exposures ) has been emphasised previously in relation to childhood leukaemia .

Editor , — It is good to read a clear and concise exposition of the current position on the enigmatic and horrible spongiform encephalopathies and their mysterious transmissible agent ( s ) .
editor , — it is good to read a clear and concise exposition of the current position on the enigmatic and horrible spongiform encephalopathies and their mysterious transmissible [person] ( s ) .

These universally fatal chronic brain infections of mammals ( including humans ) are untreatable and will remain so until more is known about this unique agent .
these universally fatal chronic brain infections of mammals ( including humans ) are untreatable and will remain so until more is known about this unique [person] .

Hopes of treating these awesome ‘ slow virus ’ infections of the brain may rise when the scrapie agent 's capsule is breached .
hopes of treating these awesome ‘ slow virus ’ infections of the brain may rise when the scrapie [person] 's capsule is breached .

The 1886 Soiree in Newton school attracted about 220 people when an agent from the Scottish Temperance League gave a magic lantern show .
the 1886 soiree in newton school attracted about 220 people when an [person] from the scottish temperance league gave a magic lantern show .

The 1886 Soiree in Newton school attracted about 220 people when an agent from the Scottish Temperance League gave a magic lantern show .
the 1886 soiree in newton school attracted about 220 people when an [person] from the scottish temperance league gave a magic lantern show .

As an anaesthetic agent , ketamine has a good safety profile .
as an anaesthetic [person] , ketamine has a good safety profile .

Comparison of nifedipine and propranolol as second line agent for hypertension in black Kenyans
comparison of nifedipine and propranolol as second line [person] for hypertension in black kenyans

Nifedipine is reported to be particularly effective as an antihypertensive agent in low renin hypertension .
nifedipine is reported to be particularly effective as an antihypertensive [person] in low renin hypertension .

Was it not his father who had been the prime agent in advocating the educational route to success ?
was it not his father who had been the prime [person] in advocating the educational route to success ?

Likewise , the agent of change might have been better devised to give more confidence in the outcome .
likewise , the [person] of change might have been better devised to give more confidence in the outcome .

Despite considerable circumstantial evidence that the causal agent in sarcoidosis is likely to be a mycobacterium no conclusive association that might influence treatment has yet been shown .
despite considerable circumstantial evidence that the causal [person] in sarcoidosis is likely to be a mycobacterium no conclusive association that might influence treatment has yet been shown .

Short intervening courses of topical treatment with an antibacterial agent such as benzoyl peroxide may help to eliminate any resistant propionibacteria that have been selected .
short intervening courses of topical treatment with an antibacterial [person] such as benzoyl peroxide may help to eliminate any resistant propionibacteria that have been selected .

The time between administration of an oxytocic agent and cord clamping rather than fetal delivery and cord clamping may thus be critical .
the time between administration of an oxytocic [person] and cord clamping rather than fetal delivery and cord clamping may thus be critical .

The authors do not state whether their patients received an oxytocic agent or document its time of administration .
the authors do not state whether their patients received an oxytocic [person] or document its time of administration .

Even when an oxytocic agent is not given a small proportion of patients show an increase in plasma oxytocin concentration during the late second or early third stage of labour .
even when an oxytocic [person] is not given a small proportion of patients show an increase in plasma oxytocin concentration during the late second or early third stage of labour .

It is perhaps surprising , therefore , that ascorbic acid , a known reducing agent , can precipitate haemolysis .
it is perhaps surprising , therefore , that ascorbic acid , a known reducing [person] , can precipitate haemolysis .

In common with much of the writing on which this present book draws for useful insights , Massey focuses on capital as the active agent in the processes with which she is concerned .
in common with much of the writing on which this present book draws for useful insights , massey focuses on capital as the active [person] in the processes with which she is concerned .

Each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office administrator and accountant , business manager and agent .
each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office administrator and accountant , business manager and [person] .

There seems little doubt that Mortimer , who now commanded the queen 's affections and her actions , was the principal advocate and agent .
there seems little doubt that mortimer , who now commanded the queen 's affections and her actions , was the principal advocate and [person] .

The explanation of this is that the sun is not the only agent that affects the temperature of the colonies .
the explanation of this is that the sun is not the only [person] that affects the temperature of the colonies .

However , as the now-famous story purports , the evening after Nation had instructed his agent to say no to the Doctor Who offer , he and Tony Hancock had a serious disagreement , resulting in the writer catching the first train back to London the following morning , with no work , and a central heating system in his flat to pay for .
however , as the now-famous story purports , the evening after nation had instructed his [person] to say no to the doctor who offer , he and tony hancock had a serious disagreement , resulting in the writer catching the first train back to london the following morning , with no work , and a central heating system in his flat to pay for .

Nation anxiously telephoned his agent to ask if she had formally rejected the Doctor Who offer .
nation anxiously telephoned his [person] to ask if she had formally rejected the doctor who offer .

Fellow Space Security agent Sara Kingdom shoots Bret down before the Doctor and Steven can convince her that Vyon was no traitor — as Chen had told her .
fellow space security [person] sara kingdom shoots bret down before the doctor and steven can convince her that vyon was no traitor — as chen had told her .

‘ That 's right , Agent , ’ Daak said .
‘ that 's right , [person] , ’ daak said .

On other screens , the big Dalek Killer was drawing fire , hurling the damaged hoverspeeder towards the centre of the Landfall complex through a lattice of laser beams , attracting attention away from the Agent from External Operations , who had broken into a shuttle hangar .
on other screens , the big dalek killer was drawing fire , hurling the damaged hoverspeeder towards the centre of the landfall complex through a lattice of laser beams , attracting attention away from the [person] from external operations , who had broken into a shuttle hangar .

The Agent 's tough , but not as tough as this metal .
the [person] 's tough , but not as tough as this metal .

‘ Shut it , Agent , ’ Daak yelled .
‘ shut it , [person] , ’ daak yelled .

The buyer 's ideal position is to buy at run-of-week or run-of paper rates , but to have sufficient ‘ pull ’ either through the size of the budget or the closeness of the relationship with the media sales agent concerned to achieve good times and positions regardless .
the buyer 's ideal position is to buy at run-of-week or run-of paper rates , but to have sufficient ‘ pull ’ either through the size of the budget or the closeness of the relationship with the media sales [person] concerned to achieve good times and positions regardless .

His second was that she was from the estate agent 's .
his second was that she was from the estate [person] 's .

She was n't Russian or Polish , she was n't from the estate agent 's , and if he was in love , it was the worst mistake of all .
she was n't russian or polish , she was n't from the estate [person] 's , and if he was in love , it was the worst mistake of all .

‘ You sound like an estate agent , ’ said Tess .
‘ you sound like an estate [person] , ’ said tess .

The company describes itself as ‘ essentially a warehousing operation with a sales front end ’ , and believes it is unique as a distribution agent in its very clearly defined ‘ editorial ’ view , which ensures that the mix of publishers whom it represents falls into three distinct categories : mind , body and spirit ; women 's ; and literature .
the company describes itself as ‘ essentially a warehousing operation with a sales front end ’ , and believes it is unique as a distribution [person] in its very clearly defined ‘ editorial ’ view , which ensures that the mix of publishers whom it represents falls into three distinct categories : mind , body and spirit ; women 's ; and literature .

Agency — Estate agent — Conflict of interest — Agent acting for plaintiff and vendor of adjacent property — Purchaser offering to buy both properties — Agent failing to inform plaintiff of purchaser 's agreement to buy adjacent property — Whether material information — Whether agent in breach of duty to plaintiff — Whether entitled to commission
agency — estate [person] — conflict of interest — [person] acting for plaintiff and vendor of adjacent property — purchaser offering to buy both properties — [person] failing to inform plaintiff of purchaser 's agreement to buy adjacent property — whether material information — whether [person] in breach of duty to plaintiff — whether entitled to commission

the plaintiff to bear the agent 's commission .
the plaintiff to bear the [person] 's commission .

The plaintiff called an expert estate agent who gave evidence that it was a matter of considerable significance to both vendors if there was one purchaser interested in acquiring both properties .
the plaintiff called an expert estate [person] who gave evidence that it was a matter of considerable significance to both vendors if there was one purchaser interested in acquiring both properties .

( 1985 ) , p. 147 : ‘ An agent is , in general , under a duty to keep his principal informed about matters which are of his concern .
( 1985 ) , p. 147 : ‘ an [person] is , in general , under a duty to keep his principal informed about matters which are of his concern .

In the view of the Board the resolution of this case depends upon two fundamental propositions : first , agency is a contract made between principal and agent ; second , like every other contract , the rights and duties of the principal and agent are dependent upon the terms of the contract between them , whether express or implied .
in the view of the board the resolution of this case depends upon two fundamental propositions : first , agency is a contract made between principal and [person] ; second , like every other contract , the rights and duties of the principal and [person] are dependent upon the terms of the contract between them , whether express or implied .

In a case where a principal instructs as selling agent for his property or goods a person who to his knowledge acts and intends to act for other principals selling property or goods of the same description , the terms to be implied into such agency contract must differ from those to be implied where an agent is not carrying on such general agency business .
in a case where a principal instructs as selling [person] for his property or goods a person who to his knowledge acts and intends to act for other principals selling property or goods of the same description , the terms to be implied into such agency contract must differ from those to be implied where an [person] is not carrying on such general agency business .

Yet it is normally said that it is a breach of an agent 's duty to act for competing principals .
yet it is normally said that it is a breach of an [person] 's duty to act for competing principals .

It can not be sensibly suggested that an estate agent is contractually bound to disclose to any one of his principals information which is confidential to another of his principals .
it can not be sensibly suggested that an estate [person] is contractually bound to disclose to any one of his principals information which is confidential to another of his principals .

Accordingly in such cases there must be an implied term of the contract with such an agent that he is entitled to act for other principals selling competing properties and to keep confidential the information obtained from each of his principals .
accordingly in such cases there must be an implied term of the contract with such an [person] that he is entitled to act for other principals selling competing properties and to keep confidential the information obtained from each of his principals .

As regards , more particularly , the right of a self-employed commercial agent to notice , its contractual nature and therefore the contractual nature of the compensation in lieu of notice were recognised in articles 15 and 17 of Council Directive 86/653 of 18 December 1986 on the coordination of the laws of the member states relating to self-employed commercial agents ( Official Journal 1986 No .
as regards , more particularly , the right of a self-employed commercial [person] to notice , its contractual nature and therefore the contractual nature of the compensation in lieu of notice were recognised in articles 15 and 17 of council directive 86/653 of 18 december 1986 on the coordination of the laws of the member states relating to self-employed commercial agents ( official journal 1986 no .

‘ To make a good will a man must be a free agent .
‘ to make a good will a man must be a free [person] .

‘ The Bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the Bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the Bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act .
‘ the bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or [person] of the bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this act .

‘ ( 1 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there the information or documents required by that notice and of exercising the powers conferred by subsection ( 5 ) of that section .
‘ ( 1 ) any officer , servant or [person] of the bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there the information or documents required by that notice and of exercising the powers conferred by subsection ( 5 ) of that section .

( 2 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the Bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .
( 2 ) any officer , servant or [person] of the bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .

By a notice of appeal dated 18 February 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 July 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .
by a notice of appeal dated 18 february 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' [person] when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 july 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .

By a respondent 's notice dated 20 February 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 November 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to Heathrow Fabrications Ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .
by a respondent 's notice dated 20 february 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 november 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the [person] of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to heathrow fabrications ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .

In a typical case in which a husband , seeking a bank advance for his business purposes , is told by his bank manager that security in the form of a charge over the jointly owned matrimonial home must be provided , it would astonish both the husband and the bank manager to be told that the husband had been appointed by the bank as its agent to obtain the wife 's consent to the proposed charge .
in a typical case in which a husband , seeking a bank advance for his business purposes , is told by his bank manager that security in the form of a charge over the jointly owned matrimonial home must be provided , it would astonish both the husband and the bank manager to be told that the husband had been appointed by the bank as its [person] to obtain the wife 's consent to the proposed charge .

But to describe the issue as one which depends on whether or not the bank must be taken to have appointed the husband as its agent to deal with the wife and to procure her consent serves , in my opinion , to mask the basis upon which in certain cases creditors have failed to enforce their security against the third parties and upon which in other cases they have succeeded .
but to describe the issue as one which depends on whether or not the bank must be taken to have appointed the husband as its [person] to deal with the wife and to procure her consent serves , in my opinion , to mask the basis upon which in certain cases creditors have failed to enforce their security against the third parties and upon which in other cases they have succeeded .

Mr. Goodenday , for the bank , on the other hand , submitted that , on authority , the bank would only be affected by Mr. O'Brien 's improprieties if Mr. O'Brien had been acting as the bank 's agent when committing them .
mr. goodenday , for the bank , on the other hand , submitted that , on authority , the bank would only be affected by mr. o'brien 's improprieties if mr. o'brien had been acting as the bank 's [person] when committing them .

Mr. Goodenday supported the judge 's conclusion that , on the facts of this case , the appointment by the bank of Mr. O'Brien as its agent could not be inferred .
mr. goodenday supported the judge 's conclusion that , on the facts of this case , the appointment by the bank of mr. o'brien as its [person] could not be inferred .

The proposition that in procuring his wife 's signature to the document Duval was acting as agent of Turnbull & Co. would , in my opinion , have been unreal and artificial .
the proposition that in procuring his wife 's signature to the document duval was acting as [person] of turnbull & co. would , in my opinion , have been unreal and artificial .

In any event , cases in which neither misrepresentation nor undue influence play any part can not , in my opinion , be explained by reference to the debtor husband 's status as agent for the creditor .
in any event , cases in which neither misrepresentation nor undue influence play any part can not , in my opinion , be explained by reference to the debtor husband 's status as [person] for the creditor .

Agency is irrelevant unless there has been some default on the part of the agent which can be attributed to the principal .
agency is irrelevant unless there has been some default on the part of the [person] which can be attributed to the principal .

‘ the authorities which demonstrate the voidability of such transactions against third parties are all based on the concept of the person exercising the influence having acted as the agent of the third party in procuring the transaction : ’
‘ the authorities which demonstrate the voidability of such transactions against third parties are all based on the concept of the person exercising the influence having acted as the [person] of the third party in procuring the transaction : ’

It was not put to him … that he authorised the son to act as his agent in procuring the execution of the documents .
it was not put to him … that he authorised the son to act as his [person] in procuring the execution of the documents .

‘ In order to be made liable as principal for the acts of an agent the principal must at least consent to or adopt his appointment .
‘ in order to be made liable as principal for the acts of an [person] the principal must at least consent to or adopt his appointment .

… the unilateral assumption of the conduct of matters by the son must be distinguished from the son acting as agent for plaintiffs in the procuring of the signatures of his parents to the deeds .
… the unilateral assumption of the conduct of matters by the son must be distinguished from the son acting as [person] for plaintiffs in the procuring of the signatures of his parents to the deeds .

v. Perry , the wife 's contention was that her husband , in obtaining her consent to the giving of the security , was acting as agent for the bank .
v. perry , the wife 's contention was that her husband , in obtaining her consent to the giving of the security , was acting as [person] for the bank .

‘ Some confusion may have been caused by the use of the word ‘ agent .
‘ some confusion may have been caused by the use of the word ‘ [person] .

… it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .
… it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its [person] when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its [person] .

‘ this approach is in accord with the approach of the general law of principal and agent in relation to fraudulent misrepresentations made by an agent in carrying out the specific instructions of his principal .
‘ this approach is in accord with the approach of the general law of principal and [person] in relation to fraudulent misrepresentations made by an [person] in carrying out the specific instructions of his principal .

It will be unenforceable also if the facts justify a finding that the debtor has been appointed the creditor 's agent .
it will be unenforceable also if the facts justify a finding that the debtor has been appointed the creditor 's [person] .

The judge declined to find that Mr. O'Brien had been appointed as agent of the bank .
the judge declined to find that mr. o'brien had been appointed as [person] of the bank .

But he did not , in my judgment , do these things , all done to procure his wife to agree to sign , as the bank 's agent .
but he did not , in my judgment , do these things , all done to procure his wife to agree to sign , as the bank 's [person] .

He was not the bank 's agent .
he was not the bank 's [person] .

Where in the authorities difficulty has arisen this has often been the result of the introduction of an issue whether the creditor appointed the debtor as its agent to obtain the signature of the surety to the charge upon which the creditor sought to rely .
where in the authorities difficulty has arisen this has often been the result of the introduction of an issue whether the creditor appointed the debtor as its [person] to obtain the signature of the surety to the charge upon which the creditor sought to rely .

Obviously where an agency contractual or ostensible has been created and the agent behaves improperly , whether by exercising undue influence upon or by making false representations to the surety , then the creditor will be held vicariously responsible for and affected by the acts of the agent committed in the execution of the agency .
obviously where an agency contractual or ostensible has been created and the [person] behaves improperly , whether by exercising undue influence upon or by making false representations to the surety , then the creditor will be held vicariously responsible for and affected by the acts of the [person] committed in the execution of the agency .

There was , therefore , in each case , material from which it was possible to infer that the principal debtor acted as the agent of the creditor in obtaining the security .
there was , therefore , in each case , material from which it was possible to infer that the principal debtor acted as the [person] of the creditor in obtaining the security .

My reference in the next ensuing paragraph to the general principles of responsibility of the principal for the acts of the agent was to set the context of the consideration that in that particular case the solicitors for the creditors were equally deceived by the dishonest conduct of the son as were his own parents .
my reference in the next ensuing paragraph to the general principles of responsibility of the principal for the acts of the [person] was to set the context of the consideration that in that particular case the solicitors for the creditors were equally deceived by the dishonest conduct of the son as were his own parents .

‘ Mrs. Perry contends that Mr. Colin Perry , in his dealings with her in relation to the execution of the charge , was acting as agent for the bank in obtaining Mrs. Perry 's consent to the giving of the security .
‘ mrs. perry contends that mr. colin perry , in his dealings with her in relation to the execution of the charge , was acting as [person] for the bank in obtaining mrs. perry 's consent to the giving of the security .

‘ In both cases it is an essential first step for the wife to be able to show that the husband was acting as agent for the creditor in procuring her signature .
‘ in both cases it is an essential first step for the wife to be able to show that the husband was acting as [person] for the creditor in procuring her signature .

‘ It is convenient to consider first whether the judge was correct in holding that the husband , whatever else he may have done , was not acting as agent for the bank for the purposes of procuring the signature of the wife to the charge .
‘ it is convenient to consider first whether the judge was correct in holding that the husband , whatever else he may have done , was not acting as [person] for the bank for the purposes of procuring the signature of the wife to the charge .

The trial judge found against the wife on her contention that the husband acted as the bank 's agent to obtain her attendance to sign the charge , but made no finding whether the husband had exerted undue influence upon her .
the trial judge found against the wife on her contention that the husband acted as the bank 's [person] to obtain her attendance to sign the charge , but made no finding whether the husband had exerted undue influence upon her .

‘ Some confusion may have been caused by the use of the word ‘ agent .
‘ some confusion may have been caused by the use of the word ‘ [person] .

As we have made clear in answer to issue ( 4 ) , the undue influence is required to have brought about the transaction , and it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .
as we have made clear in answer to issue ( 4 ) , the undue influence is required to have brought about the transaction , and it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its [person] when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its [person] .

Jørgen Molde , agent , for the Danish Government .
jørgen molde , [person] , for the danish government .

By section 434 of the Companies Act 1985 if inspectors appointed to investigate the affairs of a company consider that an officer or agent of the company ‘ or any other person ’ is in possession of information relating to a matter relevant to the investigation they may require him :
by section 434 of the companies act 1985 if inspectors appointed to investigate the affairs of a company consider that an officer or [person] of the company ‘ or any other person ’ is in possession of information relating to a matter relevant to the investigation they may require him :

‘ Green v. Weaver , 1 Sim. 404 is authority for the proposition that an agent or other person who undertakes a duty to the plaintiff waives the privilege against self-incrimination in respect of discovery relating to the performance of that duty . ’
‘ green v. weaver , 1 sim. 404 is authority for the proposition that an [person] or other person who undertakes a duty to the plaintiff waives the privilege against self-incrimination in respect of discovery relating to the performance of that duty . ’

329 may be explained on the grounds that a trustee , like an agent , can not resist discovery in an action in relation to the property which he is alleged to hold on trust .
329 may be explained on the grounds that a trustee , like an [person] , can not resist discovery in an action in relation to the property which he is alleged to hold on trust .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the Act of 1914 also contained various grounds of jurisdiction , including when the debtor , ‘ has carried on business in England , personally or by means of an agent or manager ’ within a year before the presentation of the petition .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the act of 1914 also contained various grounds of jurisdiction , including when the debtor , ‘ has carried on business in england , personally or by means of an [person] or manager ’ within a year before the presentation of the petition .

These advances formed the subject matter of counts 1 and 2 , the Crown alleging that the building society had been misled by the appellant , through his agent or representative , in the respects alleged in the two counts .
these advances formed the subject matter of counts 1 and 2 , the crown alleging that the building society had been misled by the appellant , through his [person] or representative , in the respects alleged in the two counts .

For example , to trap a blackmailer , the victim may be used as an agent of the police to arrange an appointment and false or marked money may be laid as bait to catch the offender .
for example , to trap a blackmailer , the victim may be used as an [person] of the police to arrange an appointment and false or marked money may be laid as bait to catch the offender .

Warner v. Browne the lessor engaged not to turn out the tenant so long as he observed the conditions , and in this case [ the company 's agent ] engages that the tenant shall hold until the company require to pull down the buildings .
warner v. browne the lessor engaged not to turn out the tenant so long as he observed the conditions , and in this case [ the company 's [person] ] engages that the tenant shall hold until the company require to pull down the buildings .

He further submitted that the owner of an incorporeal right did not derive his profits from the place where a sub-licensee , who was neither an agent nor joint adventurer , of these rights exploited them itself .
he further submitted that the owner of an incorporeal right did not derive his profits from the place where a sub-licensee , who was neither an [person] nor joint adventurer , of these rights exploited them itself .

Millions of Iranians perhaps the majority , it is hard to tell — saw the Shah as did Ayatollah Khomeini ; he was an agent of the Great Satan , as Khomeini called the United States .
millions of iranians perhaps the majority , it is hard to tell — saw the shah as did ayatollah khomeini ; he was an [person] of the great satan , as khomeini called the united states .

In June 1963 , Khomeini denounced the Shah particularly harshly as a Zionist agent , and was arrested .
in june 1963 , khomeini denounced the shah particularly harshly as a zionist [person] , and was arrested .

The herbicide Agent Orange and all that it represents , from carpet bombing of rainforests to bulldozing them down and removing their topsoil , managed to demolish a fifth of Vietnam 's tree cover and to replace it , in great stretches , with a moonscape of bomb craters .
the herbicide [person] orange and all that it represents , from carpet bombing of rainforests to bulldozing them down and removing their topsoil , managed to demolish a fifth of vietnam 's tree cover and to replace it , in great stretches , with a moonscape of bomb craters .

( 3 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall not , himself or by his partner or clerk , act as solicitor to , or agent for , any person in any proceedings before that board or in any appellate proceedings which may result therefrom and , if any person contravenes this subsection , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 3 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall not , himself or by his partner or clerk , act as solicitor to , or [person] for , any person in any proceedings before that board or in any appellate proceedings which may result therefrom and , if any person contravenes this subsection , he shall be guilty of an offence .

10. ( 1 ) An application to a licensing board of any kind mentioned in subsection ( 6 ) below in respect of any premises shall be in such form as may be prescribed , shall be completed and signed by the applicant or his agent , and shall be lodged with the clerk of the licensing within whose area the premises are situated not later than five weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered .
10. ( 1 ) an application to a licensing board of any kind mentioned in subsection ( 6 ) below in respect of any premises shall be in such form as may be prescribed , shall be completed and signed by the applicant or his [person] , and shall be lodged with the clerk of the licensing within whose area the premises are situated not later than five weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered .

Such applications are to be made in such form as the board may prescribe , by the applicant or his agent , and lodged with the clerk to the licensing hoard at least five weeks before the first day of the meeting at which the application falls to be considered ( subs .
such applications are to be made in such form as the board may prescribe , by the applicant or his [person] , and lodged with the clerk to the licensing hoard at least five weeks before the first day of the meeting at which the application falls to be considered ( subs .

( 2 ) The application shall name both the applicant and the employee or agent of the applicant whom the applicant intends should have the responsibility for the day to day running of the premises to which the applications relates .
( 2 ) the application shall name both the applicant and the employee or [person] of the applicant whom the applicant intends should have the responsibility for the day to day running of the premises to which the applications relates .

( 3 ) Unless a licence is transferred to another employee or agent within eight weeks from the time when the employee or agent named in a licence ceases to be responsible for the day to day running of the premises to which the licence relates , the licence shall cease to have effect .
( 3 ) unless a licence is transferred to another employee or [person] within eight weeks from the time when the employee or [person] named in a licence ceases to be responsible for the day to day running of the premises to which the licence relates , the licence shall cease to have effect .

( 2 ) Where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .
( 2 ) where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his [person] and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .

( 6 ) The licensing board , if in its opinion any objection to the renewal of a licence is frivolous or vexatious , may find the objector liable in the expenses caused by such objection to such extent as the board thinks fit , or , if in its Opinion any such objection is unauthorised , may find the agent of the objector liable in the expenses as aforesaid ; and the amount of any expenses so found due may be recovered in the sheriff court having jurisdiction , and a certified copy of the finding of the licensing board shall be sufficient evidence and authority for discerning for the said amount with expenses .
( 6 ) the licensing board , if in its opinion any objection to the renewal of a licence is frivolous or vexatious , may find the objector liable in the expenses caused by such objection to such extent as the board thinks fit , or , if in its opinion any such objection is unauthorised , may find the [person] of the objector liable in the expenses as aforesaid ; and the amount of any expenses so found due may be recovered in the sheriff court having jurisdiction , and a certified copy of the finding of the licensing board shall be sufficient evidence and authority for discerning for the said amount with expenses .

The objection may be signed by an agent , who , for his own protection ought to obtain a written mandate from those whom he represents : see subs .
the objection may be signed by an [person] , who , for his own protection ought to obtain a written mandate from those whom he represents : see subs .

It is considered that only a solicitor can act Mr reward as an agent , as was thought was the position under the 1959 Act .
it is considered that only a solicitor can act mr reward as an [person] , as was thought was the position under the 1959 act .

In the case of a request by a person other than an individual natural person that the licensing board shall declare the provisional grant of a licence final , that person shall include in the notice in subsection ( 5 ) above the name of the employee or agent whom it is intended should have the day to day running of the premises , and the board shall not declare the provisional grant final if it finds that the employee or agent so named in the notice is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence .
in the case of a request by a person other than an individual natural person that the licensing board shall declare the provisional grant of a licence final , that person shall include in the notice in subsection ( 5 ) above the name of the employee or [person] whom it is intended should have the day to day running of the premises , and the board shall not declare the provisional grant final if it finds that the employee or [person] so named in the notice is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence .

( 2 ) Where by virtue of a decision of a licensing board under the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above only alcoholic liquor other than spirits may be sold , it shall be an offence for the licence-holder or his employee or agent to sell spirits .
( 2 ) where by virtue of a decision of a licensing board under the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above only alcoholic liquor other than spirits may be sold , it shall be an offence for the licence-holder or his employee or [person] to sell spirits .

( 4 ) If the holder of the licence or his employee or agent contravenes a condition attached to an occasional licence , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 4 ) if the holder of the licence or his employee or [person] contravenes a condition attached to an occasional licence , he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 4 ) The holder of any licence or any employee or agent of his shall be guilty of an offence if he commits a breach of any byelaw or any condition attached to a licence by virtue of a byelaw .
( 4 ) the holder of any licence or any employee or [person] of his shall be guilty of an offence if he commits a breach of any byelaw or any condition attached to a licence by virtue of a byelaw .

( 3 ) Any licence granted under this Part of this Act shall provide that at all times at which alcoholic liquor is sold , food and beverages other than alcoholic liquor shall also be provided for sale , and if such food and beverages are not so provided , the holder of the licence or his employee or agent , as the case may be , shall be guilty of an offence .
( 3 ) any licence granted under this part of this act shall provide that at all times at which alcoholic liquor is sold , food and beverages other than alcoholic liquor shall also be provided for sale , and if such food and beverages are not so provided , the holder of the licence or his employee or [person] , as the case may be , shall be guilty of an offence .

’ It contains sections of a report assembled by a self-employed intelligence agent from Ichael , who made a study of the planet Ardakke . ’
’ it contains sections of a report assembled by a self-employed intelligence [person] from ichael , who made a study of the planet ardakke . ’

Dr. Marek : Will the Minister talk to the Wrexham and East Denbighshire water company ? Is he aware that only last week there was another incident of water pollution where a known carcinogen , formaldehyde , was tipped into the river and only fortuitously the company 's intakes were closed at the time ? There is a general lack of belief in Wrexham that the Welsh Office intends to clean up the River Dee . When will the Welsh Office , and its agent the Welsh water authority , prosecute those people successfully and give the public the confidence that their water is clean and fit to drink ?
dr. marek : will the minister talk to the wrexham and east denbighshire water company ? is he aware that only last week there was another incident of water pollution where a known carcinogen , formaldehyde , was tipped into the river and only fortuitously the company 's intakes were closed at the time ? there is a general lack of belief in wrexham that the welsh office intends to clean up the river dee . when will the welsh office , and its [person] the welsh water authority , prosecute those people successfully and give the public the confidence that their water is clean and fit to drink ?

There 's an American agent nibbling .
there 's an american [person] nibbling .

My agent deals with all that kind of stuff .
my [person] deals with all that kind of stuff .

‘ Maybe so , yet any man must at some point question whether it is chance or fate that brings things to pass ; whether he is the author or merely the agent of his actions . ’
‘ maybe so , yet any man must at some point question whether it is chance or fate that brings things to pass ; whether he is the author or merely the [person] of his actions . ’

Delaunay used to meet Picasso at the gatherings at the Douanier Rousseau 's , while Metzinger was a frequent visitor to Picasso 's studio in the Bateau Lavoir during the early years of Cubism , and was an important agent in transmitting the first discoveries of Picasso and Braque .
delaunay used to meet picasso at the gatherings at the douanier rousseau 's , while metzinger was a frequent visitor to picasso 's studio in the bateau lavoir during the early years of cubism , and was an important [person] in transmitting the first discoveries of picasso and braque .

In summer they would be green , as the agent had cunningly pointed out .
in summer they would be green , as the [person] had cunningly pointed out .

He was some stray who had reminded her of the Scarabae agent .
he was some stray who had reminded her of the scarabae [person] .

This man is the agent of your daughter 's father , his family .
this man is the [person] of your daughter 's father , his family .

The Scarabae agent was gone .
the scarabae [person] was gone .

She had given up concerning herself with the agent of the Scarabae .
she had given up concerning herself with the [person] of the scarabae .

Just as the man , the Scarabae agent , had known what she would do eventually .
just as the man , the scarabae [person] , had known what she would do eventually .

b. an estate agent in a suburban area .
b. an estate [person] in a suburban area .

Suggestions included removing the subsidence temperature inversion which trapped the smog , using ground-based fans , helicopters or thermal means ; eliminating the sunlight and thus the smog by producing a gigantic parasol of white smoke laid by aircraft high over the city ; removing the smog through tunnels in the mountains around the Los Angeles basin using huge fans ; and seeding the air with some sort of agent that would ‘ neutralize ’ the smog .
suggestions included removing the subsidence temperature inversion which trapped the smog , using ground-based fans , helicopters or thermal means ; eliminating the sunlight and thus the smog by producing a gigantic parasol of white smoke laid by aircraft high over the city ; removing the smog through tunnels in the mountains around the los angeles basin using huge fans ; and seeding the air with some sort of [person] that would ‘ neutralize ’ the smog .

Frankland 's answer was to use surface attraction rather than chemical affinity as the agent of purification ; in particular , to purify by means of the soil , in irrigation .
frankland 's answer was to use surface attraction rather than chemical affinity as the [person] of purification ; in particular , to purify by means of the soil , in irrigation .

Section 101 of the Local Government Act , 1972 , makes it possible for one authority to appoint another as its agent to carry out its statutory duties — this applies to all functions except education , social services and emergency services .
section 101 of the local government act , 1972 , makes it possible for one authority to appoint another as its [person] to carry out its statutory duties — this applies to all functions except education , social services and emergency services .

He criticizes Cockburn 's as ‘ a surprisingly crass agency model ’ which reduces local government to a mere agent of central government .
he criticizes cockburn 's as ‘ a surprisingly crass agency model ’ which reduces local government to a mere [person] of central government .

Crustose lichens are an additional weathering agent , tending to penetrate and defoliate rock surfaces ( Walton , 1985 ) .
crustose lichens are an additional weathering [person] , tending to penetrate and defoliate rock surfaces ( walton , 1985 ) .

One agent occurring in the antarctic species Trematomus borchgrevinki ( Figure 6.3 ) has been identified as a glycoprotein of molecular weight up to 21 500 , which appears to bind itself to ice crystals and inhibit their growth ( Lin et al .
one [person] occurring in the antarctic species trematomus borchgrevinki ( figure 6.3 ) has been identified as a glycoprotein of molecular weight up to 21 500 , which appears to bind itself to ice crystals and inhibit their growth ( lin et al .

It was not every night , she reflected , that she dined with a secret agent .
it was not every night , she reflected , that she dined with a secret [person] .

‘ Perhaps , ’ the chief inspector remarked flippantly , ‘ he was a Soviet agent and decided to get out while the going was good . ’
‘ perhaps , ’ the chief inspector remarked flippantly , ‘ he was a soviet [person] and decided to get out while the going was good . ’

‘ He was n't a proper agent .
‘ he was n't a proper [person] .

‘ Zbigniew Nowak was just one agent who was captured and executed .
‘ zbigniew nowak was just one [person] who was captured and executed .

Apparently , she typed a message into the Belial Base neural net , right where the viruses that Legion 's agent planted there would find it and transmit it back here .
apparently , she typed a message into the belial base neural net , right where the viruses that legion 's [person] planted there would find it and transmit it back here .

Trouble is , Legion 's agent spotted it , thought she 'd been rumbled , knocked the girl senseless and deleted the message .
trouble is , legion 's [person] spotted it , thought she 'd been rumbled , knocked the girl senseless and deleted the message .

Your agent on Belial also murdered Federique Moshe-Rabaan in an attempt to divert Adjudicator Bishop 's suspicions : an attempt which would have succeeded had it not been for my , ’ and he preened himself , ‘ abilities at detection .
your [person] on belial also murdered federique moshe-rabaan in an attempt to divert adjudicator bishop 's suspicions : an attempt which would have succeeded had it not been for my , ’ and he preened himself , ‘ abilities at detection .

Legion 's agent is someone else .
legion 's [person] is someone else .

The Marxist conflict model saw central government as the agent of capital class interests .
the marxist conflict model saw central government as the [person] of capital class interests .

With all the evil there is , there is no man but would rather be a free agent , than a mere machine without the evil ; and what is best for each individual , must be best for the whole .
with all the evil there is , there is no man but would rather be a free [person] , than a mere machine without the evil ; and what is best for each individual , must be best for the whole .

The remainder form the Commander 's executive squad ; provide for specialized ‘ chemical agent ’ responses ; man a ‘ prison wagon ’ ; and provide vehicle security .
the remainder form the commander 's executive squad ; provide for specialized ‘ chemical [person] ’ responses ; man a ‘ prison wagon ’ ; and provide vehicle security .

Banknote paper was then prepared with a colouring agent made from cobalt , silex , salt and potash : if you set light to a bundle of money , the cinder would take on the extraordinary tint that Musgrave saw on the Caen dockside .
banknote paper was then prepared with a colouring [person] made from cobalt , silex , salt and potash : if you set light to a bundle of money , the cinder would take on the extraordinary tint that musgrave saw on the caen dockside .

The novel launches a covert attack against the ontology of the fictional character which becomes less the representation of an individual in search of his or her ‘ true ’ personality than an agent for conveying impulses or ideas beyond conscious control .
the novel launches a covert attack against the ontology of the fictional character which becomes less the representation of an individual in search of his or her ‘ true ’ personality than an [person] for conveying impulses or ideas beyond conscious control .

Polysemy again operates as an agent of transition between contexts in the following sentence in which a customs declaration becomes a declaration of love :
polysemy again operates as an [person] of transition between contexts in the following sentence in which a customs declaration becomes a declaration of love :

The act of quotation is a demonstration of supposed knowledge , an exhibition of what Pierre Bourdieu terms ‘ cultural capital ’ ; but here it misfires and the quoted text becomes the agent of parody .
the act of quotation is a demonstration of supposed knowledge , an exhibition of what pierre bourdieu terms ‘ cultural capital ’ ; but here it misfires and the quoted text becomes the [person] of parody .

It is also used as an agent of ironic comment whose target is the ‘ actualitá ’ of the news broadcast from which all distinguishing features have been purged .
it is also used as an [person] of ironic comment whose target is the ‘ actualitá ’ of the news broadcast from which all distinguishing features have been purged .

But none of the above-mentioned theorists works this logic through in terms of the male-female relationship and the respective relation to language of men and women ; this is accomplished by Irigaray and Kristeva whose writings are interpolated into the novel , like the quotation from Shakespeare in Between , as the agent of parody rather than as its object .
but none of the above-mentioned theorists works this logic through in terms of the male-female relationship and the respective relation to language of men and women ; this is accomplished by irigaray and kristeva whose writings are interpolated into the novel , like the quotation from shakespeare in between , as the [person] of parody rather than as its object .

As in Between and Thru , the works invoked are divided into agent and object of parody .
as in between and thru , the works invoked are divided into [person] and object of parody .

The estate agent might tell you what the seller will accept , but you can make a lower offer .
the estate [person] might tell you what the seller will accept , but you can make a lower offer .

If the offer is accepted , the estate agent might ask for a deposit as a commitment but you are not obliged to hand this over .
if the offer is accepted , the estate [person] might ask for a deposit as a commitment but you are not obliged to hand this over .

Most house sellers use an estate agent , who will help set a selling price , circulate your property 's details to potential buyers , put up a For Sale sign , arrange appointments , take viewers round and negotiate the sale .
most house sellers use an estate [person] , who will help set a selling price , circulate your property 's details to potential buyers , put up a for sale sign , arrange appointments , take viewers round and negotiate the sale .

One agent has exclusive selling rights for a given period .
one [person] has exclusive selling rights for a given period .

There 's nothing stopping you putting your own small ads in local papers and newsagents ' windows , as well as using an estate agent .
there 's nothing stopping you putting your own small ads in local papers and newsagents ' windows , as well as using an estate [person] .

However , if the agent finds out , they are unlikely to work so hard to sell your property .
however , if the [person] finds out , they are unlikely to work so hard to sell your property .

Your estate agent will negotiate with potential buyers , keeping you informed of offers and how the sale is progressing .
your estate [person] will negotiate with potential buyers , keeping you informed of offers and how the sale is progressing .

Estate agent 's fees .
estate [person] 's fees .

Most people sell their homes through an estate agent .
most people sell their homes through an estate [person] .

Telephone the selling agent , Bairstow Eves , on 0376 571818 .
telephone the selling [person] , bairstow eves , on 0376 571818 .

It was suggested that as principal it had knowledge of whatever the first bank did as its agent .
it was suggested that as principal it had knowledge of whatever the first bank did as its [person] .

The Secretary of State threatened the recalcitrant authorities that unless they met specific targets he would use his power under the Act to appoint an agent to take over the sale of a council 's houses .
the secretary of state threatened the recalcitrant authorities that unless they met specific targets he would use his power under the act to appoint an [person] to take over the sale of a council 's houses .

We inched our way slowly forward and finally reached the harried , unsmiling agent .
we inched our way slowly forward and finally reached the harried , unsmiling [person] .

To cover costs for the first £320 you may either pay us a non-refundable damage/loss excess waiver of £32 per yacht ( £7 each for a Share a Yacht or Pot Luck ) , or lodge ( direct with us , not through a travel agent ) a security deposit of £320 per yacht ( £70 each if sharing ) at the time of making your final payment .
to cover costs for the first £320 you may either pay us a non-refundable damage/loss excess waiver of £32 per yacht ( £7 each for a share a yacht or pot luck ) , or lodge ( direct with us , not through a travel [person] ) a security deposit of £320 per yacht ( £70 each if sharing ) at the time of making your final payment .

If you pay through a travel agent , they 'll hold money on your behalf until a contract is created ( see above ) , after that the money is held by the travel agent on our behalf .
if you pay through a travel [person] , they 'll hold money on your behalf until a contract is created ( see above ) , after that the money is held by the travel [person] on our behalf .

Julian Prideaux is the Trust 's Chief Agent
julian prideaux is the trust 's chief [person]

Both Liz 's social worker and John 's literary agent ( arguably life 's more serious victims make brisk efforts to smoke their recluses out of their antisocial cover .
both liz 's social worker and john 's literary [person] ( arguably life 's more serious victims make brisk efforts to smoke their recluses out of their antisocial cover .

Secondly , most of the fancy school fees plans are designed to make money for the financial institutions which put them together , and for the intermediary or agent who sells them .
secondly , most of the fancy school fees plans are designed to make money for the financial institutions which put them together , and for the intermediary or [person] who sells them .

’ Literary agent Xandra Hardie was offered a meeting with Ayob in London a week after Frankfurt .
’ literary [person] xandra hardie was offered a meeting with ayob in london a week after frankfurt .

Peter Straus of Hamish-Hamilton , and Giles Gordon , respectively editor and agent to Fatima Meer , whose Mandela biography Higher Than Hope was published in Britain the week after his release , both happily dismiss the possibility of an autobiography .
peter straus of hamish-hamilton , and giles gordon , respectively editor and [person] to fatima meer , whose mandela biography higher than hope was published in britain the week after his release , both happily dismiss the possibility of an autobiography .

Therefore , this could well be a month of highly charged meetings and discussions with relatives , close companions and colleagues , but by the time the Sun enters your opposite sign of Taurus on the 20th you should be a free agent .
therefore , this could well be a month of highly charged meetings and discussions with relatives , close companions and colleagues , but by the time the sun enters your opposite sign of taurus on the 20th you should be a free [person] .

This medicalized scrutiny of the individual , and his/her role as an agent in the maintenance of health or the transmission of disease , formed a central tenet of medical discourse in the early twentieth century .
this medicalized scrutiny of the individual , and his/her role as an [person] in the maintenance of health or the transmission of disease , formed a central tenet of medical discourse in the early twentieth century .

‘ The utilisation of Mineral Salts ’ personification ( with loss of agent ) .
‘ the utilisation of mineral salts ’ personification ( with loss of [person] ) .

The key was on top of the frame where the lazy agent had left it , another Yale on a big paper tag .
the key was on top of the frame where the lazy [person] had left it , another yale on a big paper tag .

He 's also taken an agent of ours with him .
he 's also taken an [person] of ours with him .

Trepper was interrogated by the Gestapo and we believed he became a double agent , a lot of misinformation was received in Moscow .
trepper was interrogated by the gestapo and we believed he became a double [person] , a lot of misinformation was received in moscow .

‘ According to all the books , a secret agent 's life 's meant to be glamorous .
‘ according to all the books , a secret [person] 's life 's meant to be glamorous .

Adam was in Room 17 , little knowing that this was where the Russian agent Hans Putiloff had been killed in the early days of this affair .
adam was in room 17 , little knowing that this was where the russian [person] hans putiloff had been killed in the early days of this affair .

He knew that Coy was an administrator , that he had never been in the field either as a soldier or as an agent .
he knew that coy was an administrator , that he had never been in the field either as a soldier or as an [person] .

That the girl is an American agent .
that the girl is an american [person] .

‘ No . But the estate agent said — ’
‘ no . but the estate [person] said — ’

Farrell pushed the agent 's head back sharply , banging it against the wall with a sickening thud .
farrell pushed the [person] 's head back sharply , banging it against the wall with a sickening thud .

Farrell pushed the agent inside and was joined by the other intruder .
farrell pushed the [person] inside and was joined by the other intruder .

All four men stood in the room and Farrell raised the pistol once more so that it was aimed at the agent 's head .
all four men stood in the room and farrell raised the pistol once more so that it was aimed at the [person] 's head .

The agent went down heavily , a gash on his head weeping blood down the side of his face .
the [person] went down heavily , a gash on his head weeping blood down the side of his face .

He slipped it around Connelly 's chin and tugged it tight across his mouth , gagging him , then he dragged the agent upright .
he slipped it around connelly 's chin and tugged it tight across his mouth , gagging him , then he dragged the [person] upright .

Farrell pushed his companion aside and grabbed the agent by the throat , almost lifting him off his feet , staring right into his bulging eyes .
farrell pushed his companion aside and grabbed the [person] by the throat , almost lifting him off his feet , staring right into his bulging eyes .

Connelly used every ounce of strength he had to push himself away from the cooker , but Farrell was a powerful man and forced the agent 's face ever closer to the ring .
connelly used every ounce of strength he had to push himself away from the cooker , but farrell was a powerful man and forced the [person] 's face ever closer to the ring .

‘ He does n't know , ’ said one of the other men , smiling thinly as he watched the agent struggle .
‘ he does n't know , ’ said one of the other men , smiling thinly as he watched the [person] struggle .

The agent stopped struggling and hung there , aware of the pain in his wrists and the rasping against his skin , but even more conscious of the massive welts and blisters that covered his throbbing hand .
the [person] stopped struggling and hung there , aware of the pain in his wrists and the rasping against his skin , but even more conscious of the massive welts and blisters that covered his throbbing hand .

He would have told her where your book is , ’ the agent continued , the lies falling easily from his lips .
he would have told her where your book is , ’ the [person] continued , the lies falling easily from his lips .

‘ Look upon us , ’ the voice said and the agent opened his eyes .
‘ look upon us , ’ the voice said and the [person] opened his eyes .

Any extinguishing agent which develops its effects in the same direction must be capable of overtaking the flame front if it is to have an acceptable limiting influence on potential damage .
any extinguishing [person] which develops its effects in the same direction must be capable of overtaking the flame front if it is to have an acceptable limiting influence on potential damage .

It follows that the volume in which the fire occurs should be capable of being partitioned off from the rest of the storage , if the agent is to be used effectively and cheaply .
it follows that the volume in which the fire occurs should be capable of being partitioned off from the rest of the storage , if the [person] is to be used effectively and cheaply .

It is designed with foresight to give access of the extinguishing agent to the sea of the fire .
it is designed with foresight to give access of the extinguishing [person] to the sea of the fire .

In 1925 he married Lettice , daughter of Cecil Cantley Baker , a land agent .
in 1925 he married lettice , daughter of cecil cantley baker , a land [person] .

, Cecil Edward ( 1879–1918 ) , journalist , was born 12 November 1879 in Kensington , the youngest in the family of two sons and one daughter of Edward Chesterton , estate agent , of London , and his wife Marie Louise Grosjean , daughter of a Wesleyan lay preacher and pioneer of the temperance movement .
, cecil edward ( 1879–1918 ) , journalist , was born 12 november 1879 in kensington , the youngest in the family of two sons and one daughter of edward chesterton , estate [person] , of london , and his wife marie louise grosjean , daughter of a wesleyan lay preacher and pioneer of the temperance movement .

, Stafford Bettesworth ( c. 1801–1860 ) , political agent in Aden , was from a Sussex family , but his place and date of birth are unknown .
, stafford bettesworth ( c. 1801–1860 ) , political [person] in aden , was from a sussex family , but his place and date of birth are unknown .

Haines was presented with a sword worth 200 guineas , appointed political agent , and later promoted captain ( 1841 ) .
haines was presented with a sword worth 200 guineas , appointed political [person] , and later promoted captain ( 1841 ) .

While serving as agent in Canton for merchants in India and Singapore , and dealing in export and import commerce , he speculated in the opium trade which , although illegal , offered the greatest profits .
while serving as [person] in canton for merchants in india and singapore , and dealing in export and import commerce , he speculated in the opium trade which , although illegal , offered the greatest profits .

Later he became a commercial agent , and in 1804 was arrested for debt in Archangel .
later he became a commercial [person] , and in 1804 was arrested for debt in archangel .

His early career in Anglesey was remarkably successful ; he acted as attorney and man of business for important local families , especially for Sir Nicholas Bayly , for whom he was also political agent .
his early career in anglesey was remarkably successful ; he acted as attorney and man of business for important local families , especially for sir nicholas bayly , for whom he was also political [person] .

, George Croydon , first Baron Marks ( 1858–1938 ) , engineer , patent agent , and politician , was born in Eltham , Kent , 9 June 1858 , the eldest of eight children ( four of whom died in infancy ) of William Marks , an artisan at the Royal Arsenal , Woolwich , and his wife Amelia Adelaide , daughter of Thomas Croydon of Crediton in Devon .
, george croydon , first baron marks ( 1858–1938 ) , engineer , patent [person] , and politician , was born in eltham , kent , 9 june 1858 , the eldest of eight children ( four of whom died in infancy ) of william marks , an artisan at the royal arsenal , woolwich , and his wife amelia adelaide , daughter of thomas croydon of crediton in devon .

In July 1887 Marks put up his plate in Temple Street , Birmingham , as a consulting engineer and patent agent .
in july 1887 marks put up his plate in temple street , birmingham , as a consulting engineer and patent [person] .

Marks opened an office in New York in 1910 and became closely associated with Thomas Edison as patent agent , advocate , and personal confidant .
marks opened an office in new york in 1910 and became closely associated with thomas edison as patent [person] , advocate , and personal confidant .

Educated in Lancaster , Baxendale was from about 1805 in London with a wholesale linen-draper , agent for Bannister Hall , calico-printers of Preston , of which he became a partner in 1809 with Charles Swainson , his cousin through the Salisburys , borrowing his £4,000 entry capital from his family .
educated in lancaster , baxendale was from about 1805 in london with a wholesale linen-draper , [person] for bannister hall , calico-printers of preston , of which he became a partner in 1809 with charles swainson , his cousin through the salisburys , borrowing his £4,000 entry capital from his family .

It is not clear whether he was recruited as a Soviet agent at Cambridge or during his trip to Moscow in the summer of 1934 .
it is not clear whether he was recruited as a soviet [person] at cambridge or during his trip to moscow in the summer of 1934 .

, Sir Henry ( 1870–1938 ) , mechanical engineer and metallurgist , was born in Port Street , Bengeworth , Evesham , Worcestershire , 29 July 1870 , the eldest son of Henry Fowler , cabinet-maker , upholsterer , and house agent , and his wife Mary Hughes .
, sir henry ( 1870–1938 ) , mechanical engineer and metallurgist , was born in port street , bengeworth , evesham , worcestershire , 29 july 1870 , the eldest son of henry fowler , cabinet-maker , upholsterer , and house [person] , and his wife mary hughes .

, clerk-assistant of the House of Commons , Mabbott became connected with the parliamentary army secretariat and acted as agent for the army , mainly in London , throughout the civil war and interregnum .
, clerk-assistant of the house of commons , mabbott became connected with the parliamentary army secretariat and acted as [person] for the army , mainly in london , throughout the civil war and interregnum .

His importance lies in his combined role as army agent , official correspondent , and parliamentary licenser of newsbooks and pamphlets .
his importance lies in his combined role as army [person] , official correspondent , and parliamentary licenser of newsbooks and pamphlets .

During the 1650s Mabbott was official agent for the town of Leith .
during the 1650s mabbott was official [person] for the town of leith .

As ‘ agent of the army ’ his name reappeared in the Stationers ' Company register during 1653–5 , when he entered The Perfect Diurnall and several pamphlets .
as ‘ [person] of the army ’ his name reappeared in the stationers ' company register during 1653–5 , when he entered the perfect diurnall and several pamphlets .

He brought slaves to their 1,000-acre plantation on St Christopher 's ( 1626 ) , entered the North American–Canadian fur and provisioning trades ( 1631 ) , re-exported tobacco to Europe with an agent in Amsterdam ( 1638–9 ) , and interloped against the Levant and Guinea companies .
he brought slaves to their 1,000-acre plantation on st christopher 's ( 1626 ) , entered the north american–canadian fur and provisioning trades ( 1631 ) , re-exported tobacco to europe with an [person] in amsterdam ( 1638–9 ) , and interloped against the levant and guinea companies .

, Sir John ( 1612–1670 ) , Russia Company merchant , agent for Tsar Alexis , and envoy to Russia , was born in 1612 , probably in London , the elder son and eldest of three children of John Hebden , merchant tailor of London , whose family came from Yorkshire , and his wife Elizabeth , daughter of Richard Pope of Oxfordshire .
, sir john ( 1612–1670 ) , russia company merchant , [person] for tsar alexis , and envoy to russia , was born in 1612 , probably in london , the elder son and eldest of three children of john hebden , merchant tailor of london , whose family came from yorkshire , and his wife elizabeth , daughter of richard pope of oxfordshire .

After the Restoration Hebdon settled in Tooting , but remained Alexis 's agent .
after the restoration hebdon settled in tooting , but remained alexis 's [person] .

In the 1754 Oxfordshire election , Stone was agent in Chipping Norton on behalf of the Whig candidates .
in the 1754 oxfordshire election , stone was [person] in chipping norton on behalf of the whig candidates .

, Gualter or Walter ( 1628–1652 ) , surveyor , college servant , political agent , and administrator , came from a modest East Anglian background .
, gualter or walter ( 1628–1652 ) , surveyor , college servant , political [person] , and administrator , came from a modest east anglian background .

, was then the agent of the Scioto Land Company of Ohio — and for whom he later made abortive designs for an ideal ‘ American City ’ — while in 1792–3 he was in Italy , where his itinerary included the Greek temples of Paestum .
, was then the [person] of the scioto land company of ohio — and for whom he later made abortive designs for an ideal ‘ american city ’ — while in 1792–3 he was in italy , where his itinerary included the greek temples of paestum .

, Francis Robert ( 1785–1863 ) , Conservative party agent , was born in London 6 September 1785 , he and an older sister Susan being the only surviving children ( two sons and a daughter having died in infancy ) of Francis Warren Bonham , landowner of Ballintaggart , county Kildare , who later settled in England , and his second wife Dorothea Sophia Herbert of Muckross , county Kerry .
, francis robert ( 1785–1863 ) , conservative party [person] , was born in london 6 september 1785 , he and an older sister susan being the only surviving children ( two sons and a daughter having died in infancy ) of francis warren bonham , landowner of ballintaggart , county kildare , who later settled in england , and his second wife dorothea sophia herbert of muckross , county kerry .

In 1889 he moved to Douglas , Isle of Man , where he was employed by the surveyor and land agent , Frederick Saunderson , and attended the school of art .
in 1889 he moved to douglas , isle of man , where he was employed by the surveyor and land [person] , frederick saunderson , and attended the school of art .

In 1765 he married Ann Sherwin , daughter of the land agent at Kedleston Hall .
in 1765 he married ann sherwin , daughter of the land [person] at kedleston hall .

He began medical training , first in the slums of Hull , and then at the London Hospital , but sailed unqualified as first agent of the new Chinese Evangelization Society .
he began medical training , first in the slums of hull , and then at the london hospital , but sailed unqualified as first [person] of the new chinese evangelization society .

, Violette Reine Elizabeth ( 1921–1945 ) , secret agent , was born in Paris 26 June 1921 , the second child and only daughter in the family of five children of Charles George Bushell , a regular soldier , and his wife Reine Blanche Leroy , a dressmaker from Pont-Rémy , Somme , France .
, violette reine elizabeth ( 1921–1945 ) , secret [person] , was born in paris 26 june 1921 , the second child and only daughter in the family of five children of charles george bushell , a regular soldier , and his wife reine blanche leroy , a dressmaker from pont-rémy , somme , france .

She parachuted twice into occupied France , each time as courier to Philippe Liewer , an experienced agent .
she parachuted twice into occupied france , each time as courier to philippe liewer , an experienced [person] .

She was the daughter of Reuben Partington , manufacturer 's agent .
she was the daughter of reuben partington , manufacturer 's [person] .

Appointed sole Admiralty chart agent in 1830 , Bate was co-publisher of the Nautical Magazine during its early years , and he wrote and/or published navigation books and some dozen handbooks concerning apparatus which he sold .
appointed sole admiralty chart [person] in 1830 , bate was co-publisher of the nautical magazine during its early years , and he wrote and/or published navigation books and some dozen handbooks concerning apparatus which he sold .

He opened a yard to receive consignments of iron ore , which he had arranged through an agent in Sweden , and contacts from his time employed as a salesman were invaluable in developing his trade .
he opened a yard to receive consignments of iron ore , which he had arranged through an [person] in sweden , and contacts from his time employed as a salesman were invaluable in developing his trade .

His second son John West Wilson was a resident agent in Gothenburg and eventually became a naturalized Swede .
his second son john west wilson was a resident [person] in gothenburg and eventually became a naturalized swede .

In return for all this Holland became Lancaster 's chief agent and confidant .
in return for all this holland became lancaster 's chief [person] and confidant .

, Cargill Gilston ( 1856–1922 ) , physicist and seismologist , was born 30 June 1856 in Penicuik , Midlothian , the sixth son in the family of seven sons and one daughter of Pelham Knott , paper-maker and later commission agent of Penicuik , and his wife Helen Macintyre , daughter of Patrick McOmish , writer of Edinburgh .
, cargill gilston ( 1856–1922 ) , physicist and seismologist , was born 30 june 1856 in penicuik , midlothian , the sixth son in the family of seven sons and one daughter of pelham knott , paper-maker and later commission [person] of penicuik , and his wife helen macintyre , daughter of patrick mcomish , writer of edinburgh .

, who as brother-in-law and agent of General George Monck ( later first Duke of Albemarle , q.v . )
, who as brother-in-law and [person] of general george monck ( later first duke of albemarle , q.v . )

In January 1860 he married Rosa Matilda , of Vermont , near Belfast , the daughter of Thomas Wann , a stockbroker and insurance agent .
in january 1860 he married rosa matilda , of vermont , near belfast , the daughter of thomas wann , a stockbroker and insurance [person] .

After returning to Bombay early in 1858 he was appointed the East India Company 's agent in Zanzibar and British consul , the previous consul having died at his post thirteen months previously .
after returning to bombay early in 1858 he was appointed the east india company 's [person] in zanzibar and british consul , the previous consul having died at his post thirteen months previously .

The agent of his downfall through protracted litigation , one Benjamin Coleman , was not motivated solely by shareholder 's vigilance : he was embittered against Jackson 's family and may even have been sponsored by rival railway interests , perhaps the North Eastern which subsequently absorbed Jackson 's Hartlepool Company .
the [person] of his downfall through protracted litigation , one benjamin coleman , was not motivated solely by shareholder 's vigilance : he was embittered against jackson 's family and may even have been sponsored by rival railway interests , perhaps the north eastern which subsequently absorbed jackson 's hartlepool company .

He Anglicized his name and a few years later he was being described as an accountant or merchant 's clerk ; a subsequent attempt to establish himself as a commission agent apparently failed .
he anglicized his name and a few years later he was being described as an accountant or merchant 's clerk ; a subsequent attempt to establish himself as a commission [person] apparently failed .

, William ( 1838–1935 ) , gardener and writer , was born in county Down , Ireland , 15 July 1838 , the eldest in the family of two sons and a daughter of William Robinson , land agent , and his wife Catherine .
, william ( 1838–1935 ) , gardener and writer , was born in county down , ireland , 15 july 1838 , the eldest in the family of two sons and a daughter of william robinson , land [person] , and his wife catherine .

The chief buyer was North , together with the British inspector-general of nitrate to Peru , Robert Harvey , and John Dawson , agent of the Chilean Bank of Valparaiso in Iquique .
the chief buyer was north , together with the british inspector-general of nitrate to peru , robert harvey , and john dawson , [person] of the chilean bank of valparaiso in iquique .

, Sir Andrew ( 1837–1914 ) , inspector-general of the Royal Irish Constabulary , was born in Galway town , Ireland , 26 September 1837 , the only son and third of the four children ( the others of whom died in childhood or adolescence ) of John Reed , land agent , and his wife Mary , daughter of John Adamson of Moate , county Westmeath .
, sir andrew ( 1837–1914 ) , inspector-general of the royal irish constabulary , was born in galway town , ireland , 26 september 1837 , the only son and third of the four children ( the others of whom died in childhood or adolescence ) of john reed , land [person] , and his wife mary , daughter of john adamson of moate , county westmeath .

At Canton his early success , as commercial agent for opium merchants in India , led to his association with Magniac & Company , and by 1826 he was controlling that firm 's Canton operations .
at canton his early success , as commercial [person] for opium merchants in india , led to his association with magniac & company , and by 1826 he was controlling that firm 's canton operations .

In 1929 he married Kathleen Alice , daughter of Frederick Metcalfe , sales agent , of Horsforth .
in 1929 he married kathleen alice , daughter of frederick metcalfe , sales [person] , of horsforth .

, Aubrey Nigel Henry Molyneux ( 1880–1923 ) , politician , diplomat , traveller , and secret agent , was born 3 April 1880 at Highclere Castle , Hampshire , the son of Henry Howard Molyneux Herbert , fourth Earl of Carnarvon [ q.v . ]
, aubrey nigel henry molyneux ( 1880–1923 ) , politician , diplomat , traveller , and secret [person] , was born 3 april 1880 at highclere castle , hampshire , the son of henry howard molyneux herbert , fourth earl of carnarvon [ q.v . ]

of Liverpool , proprietor of the Liverpool Times , then parliamentary agent for Liverpool Corporation .
of liverpool , proprietor of the liverpool times , then parliamentary [person] for liverpool corporation .

Following half-pay retirement in England , he embarked for India in 1817 and spent three years editing a Tory newspaper in Calcutta and acting as agent of a failed scheme to make the island of Saugor , at the mouth of the Hooghly river , an entrepôt and health resort , after ridding it of tigers ( hence his nickname ‘ Tiger ’ ) .
following half-pay retirement in england , he embarked for india in 1817 and spent three years editing a tory newspaper in calcutta and acting as [person] of a failed scheme to make the island of saugor , at the mouth of the hooghly river , an entrepôt and health resort , after ridding it of tigers ( hence his nickname ‘ tiger ’ ) .

When in 1897 the Vickers steel company acquired the Maxim–Nordenfelt Guns & Ammunition Co. , as well as the Naval Construction & Armaments Co. of Barrow , Zaharoff was retained as principal overseas agent .
when in 1897 the vickers steel company acquired the maxim–nordenfelt guns & ammunition co. , as well as the naval construction & armaments co. of barrow , zaharoff was retained as principal overseas [person] .

From his work against Soviet agent and Comintern systems before the war , he knew how governmental revelations could nullify success .
from his work against soviet [person] and comintern systems before the war , he knew how governmental revelations could nullify success .

, Claude ( 1877–1959 ) , scholar , claimed to have been born 26 May 1877 ( his birth certificate counter-claimed 24 May ) in Handsworth , Staffordshire , the eldest son of Oswald Jenkins , cashier and later land agent , and his wife Sarah , daughter of William Palmer .
, claude ( 1877–1959 ) , scholar , claimed to have been born 26 may 1877 ( his birth certificate counter-claimed 24 may ) in handsworth , staffordshire , the eldest son of oswald jenkins , cashier and later land [person] , and his wife sarah , daughter of william palmer .

In 1895 Bridgeman married Caroline , elder daughter of Cecil Parker , land agent to the first Duke of Westminster , and second son of Thomas Wolstenholme , sixth Earl of Macclesfield .
in 1895 bridgeman married caroline , elder daughter of cecil parker , land [person] to the first duke of westminster , and second son of thomas wolstenholme , sixth earl of macclesfield .

1818 ) , land surveyor and occasional architect , of Weeford — and , later , agent to the Penrhyn estates of Bangor , north Wales — and his wife Sarah , daughter of William Ford , brewer , of Burton-on-Trent .
1818 ) , land surveyor and occasional architect , of weeford — and , later , [person] to the penrhyn estates of bangor , north wales — and his wife sarah , daughter of william ford , brewer , of burton-on-trent .

It was imperative , in her view , that education meet the physical , intellectual , and moral needs of the child , that the child be respected and seen as the active agent in his own education .
it was imperative , in her view , that education meet the physical , intellectual , and moral needs of the child , that the child be respected and seen as the active [person] in his own education .

In the late 1260s and early 1270s he is to be found acting as the business agent of the west midland baron John de Verdun .
in the late 1260s and early 1270s he is to be found acting as the business [person] of the west midland baron john de verdun .

In order to win the favour of the French king , he became a secret agent , providing political and military intelligence and maps of England and Scotland .
in order to win the favour of the french king , he became a secret [person] , providing political and military intelligence and maps of england and scotland .

An administrative receiver might be considered to be the agent of those who appointed him but this is not the case ; section 44 of the 1986 Act makes him the agent of the company .
an administrative receiver might be considered to be the [person] of those who appointed him but this is not the case ; section 44 of the 1986 act makes him the [person] of the company .

The reason for this is to avoid those who appointed the administrative receiver being treated as mortgagees in possession or being held liable for the receiver 's acts which would be the case were the receiver to be treated as their agent .
the reason for this is to avoid those who appointed the administrative receiver being treated as mortgagees in possession or being held liable for the receiver 's acts which would be the case were the receiver to be treated as their [person] .

As the administrative receiver is the agent of the company , his appointment does not terminate the company 's contracts .
as the administrative receiver is the [person] of the company , his appointment does not terminate the company 's contracts .

when it is established that the boy is the agent , the girl the acted-upon , and the flower the instrument ) , we have reached the second level of representation of the sentence — functional-level representation .
when it is established that the boy is the [person] , the girl the acted-upon , and the flower the instrument ) , we have reached the second level of representation of the sentence — functional-level representation .

Then coat the outside with a bonding agent and , while this is still tacky , pat on a moistened mixture of 2 parts peat , 1 part sand and 1 part cement .
then coat the outside with a bonding [person] and , while this is still tacky , pat on a moistened mixture of 2 parts peat , 1 part sand and 1 part cement .

For many years the official view of the position of the police in liberal democracies like Britain was that it acted merely as an administrative agent to enforce the law .
for many years the official view of the position of the police in liberal democracies like britain was that it acted merely as an administrative [person] to enforce the law .

Man is many more times more powerful , as an agent of denudation , than all the atmospheric denuding forces combined .
man is many more times more powerful , as an [person] of denudation , than all the atmospheric denuding forces combined .

First there were a series of general review papers sometimes based on inaugural or presidential addresses and these included a review of Man and the Natural Environment ( Wilkinson , 1963 ) ; advocacy of the need for study of anthropogeomorphology because of the earlier deficiency of studies of the form-creating activity of man and of the influence of man in natural phenomena ( Fels , 1965 ) ; and a revival of the title used by Sherlock for a review by Jennings ( 1966 ) in which he stressed that ‘ Man as a Geological Agent ’ is significant because studies of contemporary processes are nearly always heavily biased by anthropogenic effects .
first there were a series of general review papers sometimes based on inaugural or presidential addresses and these included a review of man and the natural environment ( wilkinson , 1963 ) ; advocacy of the need for study of anthropogeomorphology because of the earlier deficiency of studies of the form-creating activity of man and of the influence of man in natural phenomena ( fels , 1965 ) ; and a revival of the title used by sherlock for a review by jennings ( 1966 ) in which he stressed that ‘ man as a geological [person] ’ is significant because studies of contemporary processes are nearly always heavily biased by anthropogenic effects .

‘ Only a relatively small part of this literature has stressed man 's role as a geomorphic agent , exerting a notable effect on the earth 's crust .
‘ only a relatively small part of this literature has stressed man 's role as a geomorphic [person] , exerting a notable effect on the earth 's crust .

Richard Quick , Private Enquiry Agent , was in the Yellow Pages under Detectives .
richard quick , private enquiry [person] , was in the yellow pages under detectives .

‘ That agent of yours is a money-grubber , ’ Iris complained . ‘ Ca n't you stretch a point for a friend ? ’
‘ that [person] of yours is a money-grubber , ’ iris complained . ‘ ca n't you stretch a point for a friend ? ’

’ She picked up a sheet of estate agent 's particulars .
’ she picked up a sheet of estate [person] 's particulars .

‘ You 'd have to talk to my agent about that , ’ Keach said .
‘ you 'd have to talk to my [person] about that , ’ keach said .

The actual agents of erosion may be completely different : glaciers do not exist in humid temperate regions except at high altitudes , where the climate is not really humid temperate , while wind , which is of considerable importance as an agent of erosion , transport and deposition in deserts , can almost be ignored except in the formation of coastal dunes .
the actual agents of erosion may be completely different : glaciers do not exist in humid temperate regions except at high altitudes , where the climate is not really humid temperate , while wind , which is of considerable importance as an [person] of erosion , transport and deposition in deserts , can almost be ignored except in the formation of coastal dunes .

The speed of action of any agent may be different : the rate of chemical weathering in the equatorial regions appears to be greater than in any other part of the earth .
the speed of action of any [person] may be different : the rate of chemical weathering in the equatorial regions appears to be greater than in any other part of the earth .

These floods probably constitute the main agent of erosion in deserts at the present time .
these floods probably constitute the main [person] of erosion in deserts at the present time .

It was the Winnipeg agent who had to go among them arguing ( he was Scotch too , and they could not quite understand it ) on the impropriety of dislocating the company 's traffic .
it was the winnipeg [person] who had to go among them arguing ( he was scotch too , and they could not quite understand it ) on the impropriety of dislocating the company 's traffic .

So their own minister held a service at the station , and the agent gave them a good dinner cheering them on in Gaelic , at which they wept , and they went on to settle at Moosomin , where they lived happily ever afterwards .
so their own minister held a service at the station , and the [person] gave them a good dinner cheering them on in gaelic , at which they wept , and they went on to settle at moosomin , where they lived happily ever afterwards .

The Agent has , therefore , decided to encourage Great Indian Peninsula railwaymen to take a greater interest in such matters by the institution of a competition under the rules of which first , second and third prizes of Rs .
the [person] has , therefore , decided to encourage great indian peninsula railwaymen to take a greater interest in such matters by the institution of a competition under the rules of which first , second and third prizes of rs .

Plots of land were taken up by commercial companies near the imposing station , the Russian Agent moved there , and Bukharan merchants and others from the old city flocked there .
plots of land were taken up by commercial companies near the imposing station , the russian [person] moved there , and bukharan merchants and others from the old city flocked there .

June 24 , 1971 Mr Sugden amended his defence and admitted that his wife was acting as his agent .
june 24 , 1971 mr sugden amended his defence and admitted that his wife was acting as his [person] .

‘ You harbour in this place a lord of the Hidden Folk , an agent of this land 's destruction .
‘ you harbour in this place a lord of the hidden folk , an [person] of this land 's destruction .

Sir , Apart from the illogicality ( with all due respect to Brough Girling , 8th January ) of Jennings , Tin Tin or Milly Molly Mandy , actually growing up , can one imagine anything more unlikely than Just William becoming anything as prattish as a Tory minister or an estate agent ?
sir , apart from the illogicality ( with all due respect to brough girling , 8th january ) of jennings , tin tin or milly molly mandy , actually growing up , can one imagine anything more unlikely than just william becoming anything as prattish as a tory minister or an estate [person] ?

Former soldier in Northern Ireland is recruited as a British agent investigating arms and cocaine trafficking .
former soldier in northern ireland is recruited as a british [person] investigating arms and cocaine trafficking .

But as soon as the fact came to light , Lord 's agent Giles Gordon made it known to all the nine publishers to whom an outline had been submitted , some of whom did consequently withdraw bids .
but as soon as the fact came to light , lord 's [person] giles gordon made it known to all the nine publishers to whom an outline had been submitted , some of whom did consequently withdraw bids .

This model has been contrasted with the clinical model by referring to the difference between them as the difference between a travel companion ( clinical ) and a travel agent ( administrative ) .
this model has been contrasted with the clinical model by referring to the difference between them as the difference between a travel companion ( clinical ) and a travel [person] ( administrative ) .

The value then of a political product ( produced of course by the professionals in the political field ) is dependent on two factors : ( 1 ) the symbolic capital of the political agent and his/her party ( political-symbolic capital includes the holding of party posts and the holding of local and less major national offices ; its maximization entails hyperconformity to social norms ) and ( 2 ) the extent to which these political symbols ( Bourdieu likens them to ‘ signifiers ’ ) corresponds to the interests and central meanings ( ‘ signifieds ’ ) of stratified consumers in the social .
the value then of a political product ( produced of course by the professionals in the political field ) is dependent on two factors : ( 1 ) the symbolic capital of the political [person] and his/her party ( political-symbolic capital includes the holding of party posts and the holding of local and less major national offices ; its maximization entails hyperconformity to social norms ) and ( 2 ) the extent to which these political symbols ( bourdieu likens them to ‘ signifiers ’ ) corresponds to the interests and central meanings ( ‘ signifieds ’ ) of stratified consumers in the social .

Bourdieu writes , for example , that the habitus in traditional societies enables the agent to ‘ produce all the practices and judgments of honour ’ .
bourdieu writes , for example , that the habitus in traditional societies enables the [person] to ‘ produce all the practices and judgments of honour ’ .

( i ) In traditional society , power is exercised unmediatedly by one agent over another .
( i ) in traditional society , power is exercised unmediatedly by one [person] over another .

Relationships of power are effectively ‘ exchange relationships ’ , based on the indebtedness of subordinate agent to his/her superordinate .
relationships of power are effectively ‘ exchange relationships ’ , based on the indebtedness of subordinate [person] to his/her superordinate .

Donleavy , accompanied this time by another agent , arrived there early next morning , the 15th , for a full day 's debriefing , and that night Coleman headed south for Alabama to rejoin Mary-Claude at the Lake Martin cottage .
donleavy , accompanied this time by another [person] , arrived there early next morning , the 15th , for a full day 's debriefing , and that night coleman headed south for alabama to rejoin mary-claude at the lake martin cottage .

At about the same time , Shaughnessy also commissioned a former German intelligence agent to carry out an investigation for him in Europe .
at about the same time , shaughnessy also commissioned a former german intelligence [person] to carry out an investigation for him in europe .

They also told him that they had talked to Lester Knox Coleman , a former agent of the Defense Intelligence Agency in the Middle East , seeking confirmation of certain details of the story before airing their reports — in Salinger 's case , at a face-to-face meeting in London .
they also told him that they had talked to lester knox coleman , a former [person] of the defense intelligence agency in the middle east , seeking confirmation of certain details of the story before airing their reports — in salinger 's case , at a face-to-face meeting in london .

An Arabic-speaking Tunisian-American , Habib was the son of Phillip Habib , a former government agent who had played a big part in breaking up the French Connection in Marseilles during the 1960s .
an arabic-speaking tunisian-american , habib was the son of phillip habib , a former government [person] who had played a big part in breaking up the french connection in marseilles during the 1960s .

’ On the agent 's reading of the evidence , ‘ there remains the possibility that no luggage was transferred from Air Malta 180 to Pan Am 103 and that a piece of luggage was simply introduced at Coding Station 206 [ author 's italics ] .
’ on the [person] 's reading of the evidence , ‘ there remains the possibility that no luggage was transferred from air malta 180 to pan am 103 and that a piece of luggage was simply introduced at coding station 206 [ author 's italics ] .

The investigators had also come into possession of what was said to be Fhimah 's personal diary , improbable though it must have seemed to them that a trained intelligence agent would keep one or put anything in writing , let alone the incriminating English word ‘ taggs ’ ( sic ) in the middle of an entry in Arabic and then , according to media reports , leave the diary behind for the investigators to find .
the investigators had also come into possession of what was said to be fhimah 's personal diary , improbable though it must have seemed to them that a trained intelligence [person] would keep one or put anything in writing , let alone the incriminating english word ‘ taggs ’ ( sic ) in the middle of an entry in arabic and then , according to media reports , leave the diary behind for the investigators to find .

Satisfied that these arrangements were as safe as any in the circumstances , Coleman decided to beef up his cover by inviting Peter Arnett , Cable News Network 's correspondent in Jerusalem , to join him in interviewing the general — without , of course , revealing his identity as an intelligence agent or even suggesting that there might be a hidden motive for the visit .
satisfied that these arrangements were as safe as any in the circumstances , coleman decided to beef up his cover by inviting peter arnett , cable news network 's correspondent in jerusalem , to join him in interviewing the general — without , of course , revealing his identity as an intelligence [person] or even suggesting that there might be a hidden motive for the visit .

Lloyd Cole 's agent in Scotland and north of England is Jonathan Spender-Payne , ; Surrey and Sussex are covered by Neill Cox , ; and Oxon , Warks , Staffs , Notts , Derbys and Leics by Tulip Noble , .
lloyd cole 's [person] in scotland and north of england is jonathan spender-payne , ; surrey and sussex are covered by neill cox , ; and oxon , warks , staffs , notts , derbys and leics by tulip noble , .

The agent is Vivienne Schuster .
the [person] is vivienne schuster .

Later , Lucien realised just how fortunate he 'd been when Mandru 's agent had made a bid for him at Por Tanssie .
later , lucien realised just how fortunate he 'd been when mandru 's [person] had made a bid for him at por tanssie .

Mandru 's agent had been outbid , however , and he 'd been reluctant to return home empty-handed .
mandru 's [person] had been outbid , however , and he 'd been reluctant to return home empty-handed .

It ended in a vitriolic public dispute between Giardini and his agent Gabriele Leone , and in a Chancery lawsuit involving the same parties and other members of the company .
it ended in a vitriolic public dispute between giardini and his [person] gabriele leone , and in a chancery lawsuit involving the same parties and other members of the company .

Communication with a roving agent was always fraught with difficulties , but Leone was dilatory and displayed little sense of urgency as the new season approached : Giardini impulsively began to open up negotiations himself , resulting in an increasingly frenetic tone to the correspondence .
communication with a roving [person] was always fraught with difficulties , but leone was dilatory and displayed little sense of urgency as the new season approached : giardini impulsively began to open up negotiations himself , resulting in an increasingly frenetic tone to the correspondence .

One was from an astrologer saying that he would find Matthew 's wife for a fee ; another proposed membership of a society for bereaved or deserted spouses ; a third offered the services of ‘ a well-known and respected private inquiry agent , formerly associated with Scotland Yard .
one was from an astrologer saying that he would find matthew 's wife for a fee ; another proposed membership of a society for bereaved or deserted spouses ; a third offered the services of ‘ a well-known and respected private inquiry [person] , formerly associated with scotland yard .

Just as Elisha could answer the widow 's need because he had been in touch with his Lord , so the Holy Spirit is God 's agent to keep us in touch with Him , and to make us pure .
just as elisha could answer the widow 's need because he had been in touch with his lord , so the holy spirit is god 's [person] to keep us in touch with him , and to make us pure .

You can either deal directly with an insurance company through one of its tied agents or you can deal with an independent intermediary [ a broker or agent ] .
you can either deal directly with an insurance company through one of its tied agents or you can deal with an independent intermediary [ a broker or [person] ] .

If you deal with a tied agent or direct with an insurance company you can ask how the cover offered meets your requirements , but you will need to shop around to determine the best option for you in terms of cover and price .
if you deal with a tied [person] or direct with an insurance company you can ask how the cover offered meets your requirements , but you will need to shop around to determine the best option for you in terms of cover and price .

If you wish , you may authorise someone to be your agent to draw your pension or allowance and pay your charge for you .
if you wish , you may authorise someone to be your [person] to draw your pension or allowance and pay your charge for you .

We have today received a letter , copy enclosed , from our Agent in which he explains that the tenant has now offered £24,000 for the cottage which she occupies , but on condition that the bedroom which has the ‘ flying freehold ’ is returned to her cottage .
we have today received a letter , copy enclosed , from our [person] in which he explains that the tenant has now offered £24,000 for the cottage which she occupies , but on condition that the bedroom which has the ‘ flying freehold ’ is returned to her cottage .

( You will remember that our Agent valued the cottage , without alteration , at £20,000 if sold to the tenant , but at just £10,000 to a third party ) .
( you will remember that our [person] valued the cottage , without alteration , at £20,000 if sold to the tenant , but at just £10,000 to a third party ) .

Our Agent advises that we indicate that £25,000 is the lowest acceptable offer and that she pays for the alteration .
our [person] advises that we indicate that £25,000 is the lowest acceptable offer and that she pays for the alteration .

John Popham , a parliamentary agent representing 13 local residents who have petitioned against the bill , believes that ‘ residents of Newport should be given the same degree of protection as the government has decided is necessary for property owners in Cardiff ’ .
john popham , a parliamentary [person] representing 13 local residents who have petitioned against the bill , believes that ‘ residents of newport should be given the same degree of protection as the government has decided is necessary for property owners in cardiff ’ .

Representatives of the three voluntary bodies met officers of Newport Borough Council , its parliamentary agent and its engineering and environmental advisers at Newport Civic Centre on Tuesday 8th September .
representatives of the three voluntary bodies met officers of newport borough council , its parliamentary [person] and its engineering and environmental advisers at newport civic centre on tuesday 8th september .

Claims against an operator , agent or carrier .
claims against an operator , [person] or carrier .

The drug cyclosporin was then shown to be a particular effective immunosuppressive agent as a result of extensive experiments on mice , rats , dogs and pigs .
the drug cyclosporin was then shown to be a particular effective immunosuppressive [person] as a result of extensive experiments on mice , rats , dogs and pigs .

The agent which causes the scrapie disease in goats and sheep can survive for up to three years in soil , say researchers at Maryland University .
the [person] which causes the scrapie disease in goats and sheep can survive for up to three years in soil , say researchers at maryland university .

According to one Belgium government official , the colouring agent would be used in such small quantities that it would not harm the environment .
according to one belgium government official , the colouring [person] would be used in such small quantities that it would not harm the environment .

11.1 Save as provided in clause 11.2 no agent adviser or other person acting for the Landlord has at any time prior to the making of this agreement been authorised by the Landlord to make to the Tenant or to any agent adviser or other person acting for the Tenant any representation whatever ( whether written oral or implied ) in relation to the Site or the Premises or to any matter contained or referred to in this agreement
11.1 save as provided in clause 11.2 no [person] adviser or other person acting for the landlord has at any time prior to the making of this agreement been authorised by the landlord to make to the tenant or to any [person] adviser or other person acting for the tenant any representation whatever ( whether written oral or implied ) in relation to the site or the premises or to any matter contained or referred to in this agreement

Nevertheless , a landlord will be entitled to limit the authority of an agent to make representations and clauses 11.1 and 11.2 have been drafted with this in mind .
nevertheless , a landlord will be entitled to limit the authority of an [person] to make representations and clauses 11.1 and 11.2 have been drafted with this in mind .

5.15 Re-letting boards To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter [ unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the Premises It is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . The clause could be amended as follows : To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain upon the Premises in a position so as not to interfere with the Tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the Premises
5.15 re-letting boards to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter [ unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or [ its ] [person] at reasonable times of the day to view the premises it is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . the clause could be amended as follows : to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises to enter upon the premises and affix and retain upon the premises in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or its [person] at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the premises

9.13.1 the Landlord may as the agent of the Tenant sell such property and the Tenant will indemnify the Landlord against any liability incurred by [ it ] to any third party whose property shall have been sold by the Landlord in the mistaken belief held in good faith ( which shall be presumed unless the contrary be proved ) that such property belonged to the Tenant
9.13.1 the landlord may as the [person] of the tenant sell such property and the tenant will indemnify the landlord against any liability incurred by [ it ] to any third party whose property shall have been sold by the landlord in the mistaken belief held in good faith ( which shall be presumed unless the contrary be proved ) that such property belonged to the tenant

It is important to bear in mind the fundamental rule of agency law , that the acts of an agent are only binding on the principal if the agent had actual or apparent authority to perform those acts .
it is important to bear in mind the fundamental rule of agency law , that the acts of an [person] are only binding on the principal if the [person] had actual or apparent authority to perform those acts .

No employee or agent of the Buyer has authority to vary these terms orally .
no employee or [person] of the buyer has authority to vary these terms orally .

Such a form or stamp is unlikely to be immediately effective , since the seller will be able to argue that a delivery agent will not normally have authority to accept contract terms .
such a form or stamp is unlikely to be immediately effective , since the seller will be able to argue that a delivery [person] will not normally have authority to accept contract terms .

Most of this linguistic investigation however is carried out at the semantic level , with emphasis on lexical fields , componential analysis , which Nash often employs as a start up for humorous argumentation , and agent shift .
most of this linguistic investigation however is carried out at the semantic level , with emphasis on lexical fields , componential analysis , which nash often employs as a start up for humorous argumentation , and [person] shift .

( b ) Identity of estate agent The estate agent will forward full particulars of the sale that has been negotiated , and in these circumstances , it is important to know his or her identity .
( b ) identity of estate [person] the estate [person] will forward full particulars of the sale that has been negotiated , and in these circumstances , it is important to know his or her identity .

In some of the above circumstances , it may be necessary to ask the seller to provide a plan , either personally or through a surveyor or agent .
in some of the above circumstances , it may be necessary to ask the seller to provide a plan , either personally or through a surveyor or [person] .

( b ) Identity of estate agent It is essential to ask buyers whether they have negotiated transactions through an estate agent and if so , whom .
( b ) identity of estate [person] it is essential to ask buyers whether they have negotiated transactions through an estate [person] and if so , whom .

You might then telephone the agent and find out who is acting for the seller .
you might then telephone the [person] and find out who is acting for the seller .

You should also ask clients whether they have paid a deposit to the estate agent .
you should also ask clients whether they have paid a deposit to the estate [person] .

Sometimes , the estate agent 's particulars are not very explicit about what is included and what is not , and in any event , sellers may change their minds , or may throw in certain items such as carpets and curtains in the course of the negotiations to settle a price .
sometimes , the estate [person] 's particulars are not very explicit about what is included and what is not , and in any event , sellers may change their minds , or may throw in certain items such as carpets and curtains in the course of the negotiations to settle a price .

The condition also allows sellers to use part of the deposit to fund their own deposit in a related transaction , and such part of the deposit as is used in this way will be held by the seller 's conveyancer as agent , and the balance as stakeholder .
the condition also allows sellers to use part of the deposit to fund their own deposit in a related transaction , and such part of the deposit as is used in this way will be held by the seller 's conveyancer as [person] , and the balance as stakeholder .

Search can be made by post ( see explanatory leaflet published by the Registrar of Companies ) , by personal attendance or ( the preferable and more common method ) through your law agent .
search can be made by post ( see explanatory leaflet published by the registrar of companies ) , by personal attendance or ( the preferable and more common method ) through your law [person] .

( a ) Deposit ( s ) paid This comes first on the agenda as a precaution against overlooking it on exchange of contracts , and as a reminder , when it 's paid to the selling estate agent , perhaps to get a release of deposit on completion .
( a ) deposit ( s ) paid this comes first on the agenda as a precaution against overlooking it on exchange of contracts , and as a reminder , when it 's paid to the selling estate [person] , perhaps to get a release of deposit on completion .

Note that when you are acting for a seller of registered land ( unlike unregistered ) , the plan attached to the transfer must be signed by the seller alone , and not by the seller 's agent — not even by the seller 's conveyancer as you can for a buyer .
note that when you are acting for a seller of registered land ( unlike unregistered ) , the plan attached to the transfer must be signed by the seller alone , and not by the seller 's [person] — not even by the seller 's conveyancer as you can for a buyer .

The judge found that the substance of the post-termination commission clause was that in the event of termination following a prescribed period of service , commission would be paid to the plaintiff in respect of premiums actually paid under the relevant policies issued during his appointment but that it was subject to the proviso that the agent 's entitlement to such commission would cease if he entered into competing activities .
the judge found that the substance of the post-termination commission clause was that in the event of termination following a prescribed period of service , commission would be paid to the plaintiff in respect of premiums actually paid under the relevant policies issued during his appointment but that it was subject to the proviso that the [person] 's entitlement to such commission would cease if he entered into competing activities .

The judge concluded that there was thus a direct financial inducement for the agent not to enter into such activities but to restrict his post-termination employment to non-competing activities .
the judge concluded that there was thus a direct financial inducement for the [person] not to enter into such activities but to restrict his post-termination employment to non-competing activities .

The vendor 's agent disclosed the amount of an offer made by one potential purchaser to another .
the vendor 's [person] disclosed the amount of an offer made by one potential purchaser to another .

This type of clause might state that the firm acts as principal rather than agent , or that no fiduciary duties arise other than those set out in the agreement .
this type of clause might state that the firm acts as principal rather than [person] , or that no fiduciary duties arise other than those set out in the agreement .

In the context of stock exchange dealings he suggests that clauses that purport to allow a broker without warning to act as principal rather than agent , are `` quite inconsistent with the role of broker and ineffective except against a principal who has assented to the changed relationship on this particular occasion `` .
in the context of stock exchange dealings he suggests that clauses that purport to allow a broker without warning to act as principal rather than [person] , are `` quite inconsistent with the role of broker and ineffective except against a principal who has assented to the changed relationship on this particular occasion `` .

If a person is clearly described as a `` broker/dealer `` in the context of a widespread practice of dual capacity in the market it may be difficult to show that the `` substance `` of the relationship is that he is an agent .
if a person is clearly described as a `` broker/dealer `` in the context of a widespread practice of dual capacity in the market it may be difficult to show that the `` substance `` of the relationship is that he is an [person] .

For example , a clause that states that the firm may act as principal or agent may be interpreted as defining the firm 's duties , excluding liability for breach of duty in the event that it should act as principal , or disclosing that it sometimes acts as principal .
for example , a clause that states that the firm may act as principal or [person] may be interpreted as defining the firm 's duties , excluding liability for breach of duty in the event that it should act as principal , or disclosing that it sometimes acts as principal .

The second exception is where an agent receives a commission or discount from a third party and it is the usual practice of the business in which the agent operates for such a commission or discount to be paid .
the second exception is where an [person] receives a commission or discount from a third party and it is the usual practice of the business in which the [person] operates for such a commission or discount to be paid .

Provided that the customer is aware that his agent will be remunerated in this way , does not make further enquiry , and is not misled by the agent as to amount , the agent does not have to disclose the amount of or basis on which the commission is paid .
provided that the customer is aware that his [person] will be remunerated in this way , does not make further enquiry , and is not misled by the [person] as to amount , the [person] does not have to disclose the amount of or basis on which the commission is paid .

Additional disclosure would also be necessary if , as explained in relation to exclusion clauses , the relationship between customer and agent evolved over time imparting higher levels of fiduciary duties .
additional disclosure would also be necessary if , as explained in relation to exclusion clauses , the relationship between customer and [person] evolved over time imparting higher levels of fiduciary duties .

He treated the assets comprised in the trust fund as his own and the trustee as though it were his mere agent or nominee .
he treated the assets comprised in the trust fund as his own and the trustee as though it were his mere [person] or nominee .

Thus , if a trustee of a family trust or a nominee or bare trustee or even an agent receives rent there can be a liability to income tax on him ( normally just at the basic rate but sometimes at the additional rate ) .
thus , if a trustee of a family trust or a nominee or bare trustee or even an [person] receives rent there can be a liability to income tax on him ( normally just at the basic rate but sometimes at the additional rate ) .

Consider who should see the witness — you , a junior staff member or a reputable enquiry agent .
consider who should see the witness — you , a junior staff member or a reputable enquiry [person] .

‘ You have an agent ? ’
‘ you have an [person] ? ’

‘ You can ring your agent tomorrow morning , ’ said Marc , taking her by surprise .
‘ you can ring your [person] tomorrow morning , ’ said marc , taking her by surprise .

Her agent , bless her , recognised her voice instantly .
her [person] , bless her , recognised her voice instantly .

‘ Your agent ?
‘ your [person] ?

We suppose that the corporation must itself be treated as a moral agent , and then we proceed by applying facsimiles of our principles about individual fault and responsibility to it .
we suppose that the corporation must itself be treated as a moral [person] , and then we proceed by applying facsimiles of our principles about individual fault and responsibility to it .

The personification is deep : it consists in taking the corporation seriously as a moral agent .
the personification is deep : it consists in taking the corporation seriously as a moral [person] .

If , on the other hand , we insist on treating internally compromised statutes as the acts of a single distinct moral agent , then we can condemn them as unprincipled , and we then have a reason for arguing that no official should contribute to his state 's unprincipled acts .
if , on the other hand , we insist on treating internally compromised statutes as the acts of a single distinct moral [person] , then we can condemn them as unprincipled , and we then have a reason for arguing that no official should contribute to his state 's unprincipled acts .

In order to defend the legislative principle of integrity , therefore , we must defend the general style of argument that takes the community itself as a moral agent .
in order to defend the legislative principle of integrity , therefore , we must defend the general style of argument that takes the community itself as a moral [person] .

We must not say that integrity is a special virtue of politics because the state or community is a distinct entity , but that the community should be seen as a distinct moral agent because the social and intellectual practices that treat community in this way should be protected .
we must not say that integrity is a special virtue of politics because the state or community is a distinct entity , but that the community should be seen as a distinct moral [person] because the social and intellectual practices that treat community in this way should be protected .

‘ Morrie Steinberg — Miss Duncan 's agent . ’
‘ morrie steinberg — miss duncan 's [person] . ’

Suddenly , she was being accused of being a double agent !
suddenly , she was being accused of being a double [person] !

With a wry shrug of her slim shoulders Laura made herself a ham sandwich before wandering back into what the estate agent 's particulars had referred to as ‘ a huge reception-room ’ .
with a wry shrug of her slim shoulders laura made herself a ham sandwich before wandering back into what the estate [person] 's particulars had referred to as ‘ a huge reception-room ’ .

my travel agent fixed the tickets — i guess he had some problems as we got standing tickets ( ie no seats ) … i saw a poster or something mentioning that tickets for newcastles home games vs us and scum will only be available by mail requests ( sort of a lottery i guess ) with only 2 tickets pr request .
my travel [person] fixed the tickets — i guess he had some problems as we got standing tickets ( ie no seats ) … i saw a poster or something mentioning that tickets for newcastles home games vs us and scum will only be available by mail requests ( sort of a lottery i guess ) with only 2 tickets pr request .

This was their new production , and an electric charge went through them , intensely fuelled amongst the younger members because they had heard that Hans Kramer , the Viennese operatic agent , was coming specially to Hochhauser to see Therese .
this was their new production , and an electric charge went through them , intensely fuelled amongst the younger members because they had heard that hans kramer , the viennese operatic [person] , was coming specially to hochhauser to see therese .

‘ Her agent was speaking of Salzburg — Mozart .
‘ her [person] was speaking of salzburg — mozart .

But she also liked Therese , who had made a point of introducing her to Hans Kramer , the big Viennese agent .
but she also liked therese , who had made a point of introducing her to hans kramer , the big viennese [person] .

They suggest that vulnerability factors are usefully conceived as only raising the risk of depression in the presence of a provoking agent .
they suggest that vulnerability factors are usefully conceived as only raising the risk of depression in the presence of a provoking [person] .

The percentages quoted are therefore proportions only of the women who were classed as having a provoking agent .
the percentages quoted are therefore proportions only of the women who were classed as having a provoking [person] .

Those who were already more vulnerable , however , due to lack of such a relationship , were half as likely to develop depression following a provoking agent if they worked outside the home .
those who were already more vulnerable , however , due to lack of such a relationship , were half as likely to develop depression following a provoking [person] if they worked outside the home .

no news on the sale though — but norw. agent Rune Hauge is working with that . Hauge is the man who brouht most of the scandivians to england and should be able to fix this ( he brought Limpar , Thorstvedt , Strandli , Flo ++ ) — i guess it 's just a question of days now ? ?
no news on the sale though — but norw. [person] rune hauge is working with that . hauge is the man who brouht most of the scandivians to england and should be able to fix this ( he brought limpar , thorstvedt , strandli , flo ++ ) — i guess it 's just a question of days now ? ?

The madeira cake is cooked at a fairly low oven temperature as overheating halts the action of the raising agent and the cake becomes rather solid .
the madeira cake is cooked at a fairly low oven temperature as overheating halts the action of the raising [person] and the cake becomes rather solid .

( If liked , a little rum or brandy could be added to the water as a sterilizing agent . )
( if liked , a little rum or brandy could be added to the water as a sterilizing [person] . )

plant protection from leaf cutting is achieved by the synthesis of an antifungal agent .
plant protection from leaf cutting is achieved by the synthesis of an antifungal [person] .

In few cases a dispersal agent does deliver a seed directly to such a target other than by chance .
in few cases a dispersal [person] does deliver a seed directly to such a target other than by chance .

Some plants , however , are known to be efficiently dispersed by two quite distinct types of agent , e.g .
some plants , however , are known to be efficiently dispersed by two quite distinct types of [person] , e.g .

The Sumatran orang-utan seems to be an important dispersal agent for some Aglaia spp .
the sumatran orang-utan seems to be an important dispersal [person] for some aglaia spp .

Where there is great specificity in seed-dispersal , a state of affairs that seems in general very rare , the disappearance of the dispersal agent is the road to extinction for the plant .
where there is great specificity in seed-dispersal , a state of affairs that seems in general very rare , the disappearance of the dispersal [person] is the road to extinction for the plant .

Some 30 % of the trees whose dispersal agent is known in these forests are dispersed by elephants .
some 30 % of the trees whose dispersal [person] is known in these forests are dispersed by elephants .

Today was the start of her contract , which she had signed back home with the agent of the Monte Samana Company who owned this entire complex .
today was the start of her contract , which she had signed back home with the [person] of the monte samana company who owned this entire complex .

There 's an agent in Cartagena who handles all the letting and selling .
there 's an [person] in cartagena who handles all the letting and selling .

The agent came forward to meet her , a short , plump man , nattily dressed , with thinning hair and a black moustache .
the [person] came forward to meet her , a short , plump man , nattily dressed , with thinning hair and a black moustache .

It was almost as if the agent could n't get rid of her fast enough .
it was almost as if the [person] could n't get rid of her fast enough .

Making no reply , the agent tied up to an iron ring let into the stone .
making no reply , the [person] tied up to an iron ring let into the stone .

Had the agent known ? Luce could n't recall referring to the Trevi by name … Still , she must have done .
had the [person] known ? luce could n't recall referring to the trevi by name … still , she must have done .

Her agent had all but ordered her in front of a firing squad when she had broken the news to him — it was fortunate that she had already pencilled a six-month-long break into her diary , intending to spend the time writing new material .
her [person] had all but ordered her in front of a firing squad when she had broken the news to him — it was fortunate that she had already pencilled a six-month-long break into her diary , intending to spend the time writing new material .

She tapped in the number of her agent , spoke briefly to his secretary , then held the receiver several inches away from her ear , knowing from past experience that Bernie could generally be heard for miles without the benefit of a phone .
she tapped in the number of her [person] , spoke briefly to his secretary , then held the receiver several inches away from her ear , knowing from past experience that bernie could generally be heard for miles without the benefit of a phone .

How could he possibly think such a thing about her — that she would not only take drugs herself , but that she 'd willingly put him in horrific danger by acting as a kind of double agent ?
how could he possibly think such a thing about her — that she would not only take drugs herself , but that she 'd willingly put him in horrific danger by acting as a kind of double [person] ?

’ Since Bernie , her agent , was apparently physically incapable of lowering his voice , his attempt at a murmur two inches away from her practically shattered her left eardrum .
’ since bernie , her [person] , was apparently physically incapable of lowering his voice , his attempt at a murmur two inches away from her practically shattered her left eardrum .

You 're a free agent .
you 're a free [person] .

Free agent , indeed !
free [person] , indeed !

‘ What we propose to do , ’ he said , in a voice which allowed no argument , ‘ is ask an estate agent , of your choice , to make an independent valuation of the property and then add five million escudos on top ; at today 's exchange rate that 's … ’ He did quick mental arithmetic and named a large sum .
‘ what we propose to do , ’ he said , in a voice which allowed no argument , ‘ is ask an estate [person] , of your choice , to make an independent valuation of the property and then add five million escudos on top ; at today 's exchange rate that 's … ’ he did quick mental arithmetic and named a large sum .

‘ The agent was forever calling him , wanting to know if , this time , you 'd be taking up the ticket .
‘ the [person] was forever calling him , wanting to know if , this time , you 'd be taking up the ticket .

Oxygen dissolved in water is by far the most common oxidizing agent .
oxygen dissolved in water is by far the most common oxidizing [person] .

Moreover , the high salinity of sea water makes it likely that salt is an active weathering agent in coastal environments ( see Section 13.3.1.1 ) .
moreover , the high salinity of sea water makes it likely that salt is an active weathering [person] in coastal environments ( see section 13.3.1.1 ) .

Where there is a large demand for labour ( or land ) on one side , a population ignorant of conditions in the receiving country on the other and a long distance between , the agent or contractor will flourish .
where there is a large demand for labour ( or land ) on one side , a population ignorant of conditions in the receiving country on the other and a long distance between , the [person] or contractor will flourish .

They would go straight to his agent , who would deduct his commission and the rest went to pay the tax man .
they would go straight to his [person] , who would deduct his commission and the rest went to pay the tax man .

He always had an agent and an accountant .
he always had an [person] and an accountant .

Harry Saltzman , the producer of the James Bond pictures , objected to both Charles Hawtrey 's being called Agent 001 and to the name Charlie Bind .
harry saltzman , the producer of the james bond pictures , objected to both charles hawtrey 's being called [person] 001 and to the name charlie bind .

If the Seller shall be unable , through circumstances beyond its control ( including without limitation lack of shipping instructions from the Purchaser ) , to deliver the goods within 14 days after notification to the Purchaser or its agent that the goods are ready for delivery , the Seller shall be entitled to arrange storage on behalf of the Purchaser , whereupon delivery shall be deemed to have taken place , all risk in the goods shall pass to the Purchaser , and delivery to the Purchaser of the relevant warehouse receipt shall be deemed to be delivery of the goods for the purposes of Condition 4 .
if the seller shall be unable , through circumstances beyond its control ( including without limitation lack of shipping instructions from the purchaser ) , to deliver the goods within 14 days after notification to the purchaser or its [person] that the goods are ready for delivery , the seller shall be entitled to arrange storage on behalf of the purchaser , whereupon delivery shall be deemed to have taken place , all risk in the goods shall pass to the purchaser , and delivery to the purchaser of the relevant warehouse receipt shall be deemed to be delivery of the goods for the purposes of condition 4 .

Section 5 of the Partnership Act makes each partner an agent of his co-partners for the purposes of the business of the firm .
section 5 of the partnership act makes each partner an [person] of his co-partners for the purposes of the business of the firm .

( a ) The Agency Principle Section 5 of the Partnership Act ( power of partner to bind the firm ) states that : Every partner is an agent of the firm and his other partners for the purpose of the business of the partnership ; and the acts of every partner who does any act for carrying on in the usual way of business of the kind carried on by the firm of which he is a member bind the firm and his partners , unless the partner so acting has in fact no authority to act for the firm in the particular matter , and the person with whom he is dealing either knows that he has no authority , or does not know or believe him to be a partner .
( a ) the agency principle section 5 of the partnership act ( power of partner to bind the firm ) states that : every partner is an [person] of the firm and his other partners for the purpose of the business of the partnership ; and the acts of every partner who does any act for carrying on in the usual way of business of the kind carried on by the firm of which he is a member bind the firm and his partners , unless the partner so acting has in fact no authority to act for the firm in the particular matter , and the person with whom he is dealing either knows that he has no authority , or does not know or believe him to be a partner .

( 2 ) this rule does not apply where a member of the public deposits money with a solicitor who is acting as agent for a building society or other financial institution and the solicitor has not advised that person as a client as to the disposition of the money .
( 2 ) this rule does not apply where a member of the public deposits money with a solicitor who is acting as [person] for a building society or other financial institution and the solicitor has not advised that person as a client as to the disposition of the money .

The partnership agreement sought to restrain outgoing partners over a period of five years from acting as a solicitor , notary , trade mark or patent agent or in any similar capacity in the Colony of Hong Kong whether as principal , clerk or assistant for any person , firm or company who was at the time of his ceasing to be a partner or had during the period of three years prior thereto been a client of the partnership … The agreement would not however have prevented their being employed as a solicitor etc by the colonial government or local companies .
the partnership agreement sought to restrain outgoing partners over a period of five years from acting as a solicitor , notary , trade mark or patent [person] or in any similar capacity in the colony of hong kong whether as principal , clerk or assistant for any person , firm or company who was at the time of his ceasing to be a partner or had during the period of three years prior thereto been a client of the partnership … the agreement would not however have prevented their being employed as a solicitor etc by the colonial government or local companies .

Intellectual property agreements , such as know-how licences , sometimes contain provisions referring questions about the level of royalties to an accountant , unless the issues are technical in which case they are referred to a patent agent .
intellectual property agreements , such as know-how licences , sometimes contain provisions referring questions about the level of royalties to an accountant , unless the issues are technical in which case they are referred to a patent [person] .

They usually act as the employer 's agent , and therefore have a dual function ; as well as giving the contractor instructions , the certifier administers the contract .
they usually act as the employer 's [person] , and therefore have a dual function ; as well as giving the contractor instructions , the certifier administers the contract .

Certificates are decisions of the employer 's agent : in the forms of contract usually encountered , the certificates are reviewable by arbitration .
certificates are decisions of the employer 's [person] : in the forms of contract usually encountered , the certificates are reviewable by arbitration .

One application of expert determination where the expert is the agent of one party only is in land transactions between vendor and purchaser or landlord and tenant .
one application of expert determination where the expert is the [person] of one party only is in land transactions between vendor and purchaser or landlord and tenant .

The certificate of practical completion is issued by the architect ( or other construction professional ) who is the agent of the vendor and acting as certifier in the separate contract for the construction of the building being sold or let .
the certificate of practical completion is issued by the architect ( or other construction professional ) who is the [person] of the vendor and acting as certifier in the separate contract for the construction of the building being sold or let .

An example is where a director has agreed to try to sell shares on behalf of the shareholders , in which case he is acting as their agent and not as a director of the company .
an example is where a director has agreed to try to sell shares on behalf of the shareholders , in which case he is acting as their [person] and not as a director of the company .

Rather than the benefit of trade debts being sold to Newco , a mechanism can be inserted in the business sale agreement whereby the vendor retains ownership of these and Newco collects them in as undisclosed agent for the vendor , so that there is no conveyance on sale of the debts for stamp duty purposes .
rather than the benefit of trade debts being sold to newco , a mechanism can be inserted in the business sale agreement whereby the vendor retains ownership of these and newco collects them in as undisclosed [person] for the vendor , so that there is no conveyance on sale of the debts for stamp duty purposes .

For this reason , wording is sometimes inserted in the hive-up agreement to the effect that Target will carry on the trade as `` undisclosed agent `` of Newco until the hive-up is completed .
for this reason , wording is sometimes inserted in the hive-up agreement to the effect that target will carry on the trade as `` undisclosed [person] `` of newco until the hive-up is completed .

The argument is that if Target is acting as agent for Newco , then Newco is carrying on a trade as principal through the agency of Target .
the argument is that if target is acting as [person] for newco , then newco is carrying on a trade as principal through the agency of target .

The deeming provisions will mean that during the interim period the vendor will be treated as acting as agent for the purchaser yet the purchaser will have no control over the vendor 's actions .
the deeming provisions will mean that during the interim period the vendor will be treated as acting as [person] for the purchaser yet the purchaser will have no control over the vendor 's actions .

As a compromise , the purchaser is normally willing to act as agent for the vendor both in collecting the debts and paying creditors .
as a compromise , the purchaser is normally willing to act as [person] for the vendor both in collecting the debts and paying creditors .

By acting as agent the purchaser will overcome the problem that the vendor no longer has the books and records of the business and may no longer have any accounting staff .
by acting as [person] the purchaser will overcome the problem that the vendor no longer has the books and records of the business and may no longer have any accounting staff .

What research has been done on their effects , especially in the United States , suggests that their importance is primarily as a reinforcing rather than a realigning agent .
what research has been done on their effects , especially in the united states , suggests that their importance is primarily as a reinforcing rather than a realigning [person] .

What struck me at the time about the `` battle `` between Bennett and Slessor was that Bennett acted as an agent for his C-in-C as well as in his , own personal interest .
what struck me at the time about the `` battle `` between bennett and slessor was that bennett acted as an [person] for his c-in-c as well as in his , own personal interest .

It is the selecting agent .
it is the selecting [person] .

In nature , the usual selecting agent is direct , stark and simple .
in nature , the usual selecting [person] is direct , stark and simple .

In a context where design debate , narrowly conceived , seems to be meeting with little success in evaluating design 's social import , the questions raised — is design the means whereby we can shape future socio-technological systems to create a richer and more emancipated life or simply the often impotent agent of techno-economic systems ?
in a context where design debate , narrowly conceived , seems to be meeting with little success in evaluating design 's social import , the questions raised — is design the means whereby we can shape future socio-technological systems to create a richer and more emancipated life or simply the often impotent [person] of techno-economic systems ?

One participant argued that the church was a willing agent for the Northern Ireland Office in its attempts to marginalise Sinn Féin in the area .
one participant argued that the church was a willing [person] for the northern ireland office in its attempts to marginalise sinn féin in the area .

Call at your local Station or British Rail appointed Travel Agent .
call at your local station or british rail appointed travel [person] .

There is also a great deal more garlic in the Greek version , and very often bread instead of potato is used as a softening agent .
there is also a great deal more garlic in the greek version , and very often bread instead of potato is used as a softening [person] .

Conversely , flame-coloured harridans that looked as if only Agent Orange could stop them curled up and died of aristocratic pique at the advancing hordes of dandelions .
conversely , flame-coloured harridans that looked as if only [person] orange could stop them curled up and died of aristocratic pique at the advancing hordes of dandelions .

He was called Bond ( James ) because he was an undercover agent : he adored sleeping under things — cushions , pillows , piles of old newspapers .
he was called bond ( james ) because he was an undercover [person] : he adored sleeping under things — cushions , pillows , piles of old newspapers .

There was a danger that the blood would become poisoned by pus or by some other morbid agent which would render death by pyaemia inevitable .
there was a danger that the blood would become poisoned by pus or by some other morbid [person] which would render death by pyaemia inevitable .

And at the same time let us take care with washing and cleanliness and other precautions to see that we do n't ingest the morbid agent in any liquid or solid form .
and at the same time let us take care with washing and cleanliness and other precautions to see that we do n't ingest the morbid [person] in any liquid or solid form .

The chemical agent which they contain , making it possible for them to use water in the photosynthetic process , is chlorophyll , which is also possessed by true algae and the higher plants .
the chemical [person] which they contain , making it possible for them to use water in the photosynthetic process , is chlorophyll , which is also possessed by true algae and the higher plants .

The speaker is viewing the phenomenon as an action John throwing the ball ) which can be explained in terms of the agent 's intention to achieve a particular result ( the window breaking ) .
the speaker is viewing the phenomenon as an action john throwing the ball ) which can be explained in terms of the [person] 's intention to achieve a particular result ( the window breaking ) .

However , since the reason corresponds to the agent 's intention to achieve the result , intentional explanations include a reference to the result of the action .
however , since the reason corresponds to the [person] 's intention to achieve the result , intentional explanations include a reference to the result of the action .

They found that even three-year-olds were able to use the matching rule in a task which involved judging whether an agent had meant to achieve a particular result .
they found that even three-year-olds were able to use the matching rule in a task which involved judging whether an [person] had meant to achieve a particular result .

The agent 's intention was not explicitly mentioned in the story , nor was there any attempt to depict it ( e.g .
the [person] 's intention was not explicitly mentioned in the story , nor was there any attempt to depict it ( e.g .

, by making the agent look excessively pleased in the second picture ) .
, by making the [person] look excessively pleased in the second picture ) .

It is easy to book your Warm Hearted Weekend by telephone , by post , or just call into your local travel agent .
it is easy to book your warm hearted weekend by telephone , by post , or just call into your local travel [person] .

Baldwin had the support of the Chief Whip ( Leslie Wilson ) ; the Chairman of the Party ( Younger ) ; the Chief Agent ; Salisbury and Derby , the Party 's two principal territorial magnates , although the latter as always was a little hesitant ; the majority of Conservative junior ministers ; a substantial but uncounted number of backbenchers ; and the editor of The Times .
baldwin had the support of the chief whip ( leslie wilson ) ; the chairman of the party ( younger ) ; the chief [person] ; salisbury and derby , the party 's two principal territorial magnates , although the latter as always was a little hesitant ; the majority of conservative junior ministers ; a substantial but uncounted number of backbenchers ; and the editor of the times .

Then Robert Topping , the Conservative Chief Agent , drew up and presented to Chamberlain a memorandum saying that ‘ from practically all quarters ’ he heard the view that the leader ought to go .
then robert topping , the conservative chief [person] , drew up and presented to chamberlain a memorandum saying that ‘ from practically all quarters ’ he heard the view that the leader ought to go .

An agent enters into a contractual relationship with a third party on behalf of a principal ; the legal relationship is established between the principal and the third party , not the third party and agent .
an [person] enters into a contractual relationship with a third party on behalf of a principal ; the legal relationship is established between the principal and the third party , not the third party and [person] .

The principal defines and limits the agent 's powers .
the principal defines and limits the [person] 's powers .

This resembles an agency agreement with restraints imposed upon the agent 's express authority .
this resembles an agency agreement with restraints imposed upon the [person] 's express authority .

Following municipal law agency principles a third party could claim that it was bound with respect to the protectorate provided the agent had acted within the scope of its express , implied , or apparent authority .
following municipal law agency principles a third party could claim that it was bound with respect to the protectorate provided the [person] had acted within the scope of its express , implied , or apparent authority .

Just as a State may act on behalf of another State or other legal entity , so too an organisation might be seen as acting as agent for its member States .
just as a state may act on behalf of another state or other legal entity , so too an organisation might be seen as acting as [person] for its member states .

An agent can not be prohibited from taking further instructions from the principal , and a principal can not be prevented from giving instructions to the agent .
an [person] can not be prohibited from taking further instructions from the principal , and a principal can not be prevented from giving instructions to the [person] .

If an agency relationship were accepted , there would remain the problem of the extent of the Council 's authority as agent .
if an agency relationship were accepted , there would remain the problem of the extent of the council 's authority as [person] .

So while Maria Candida retched and wailed and dabbed at her nose in the cabin , Sara spent most of her time up on deck , either with Dom Alfonso , who was acting as Dom João 's agent , or — on the calmer days — further for 'd , where she could watch the porpoises leaping round the bows and listen to the creak of timber and the wind in the rigging .
so while maria candida retched and wailed and dabbed at her nose in the cabin , sara spent most of her time up on deck , either with dom alfonso , who was acting as dom joão 's [person] , or — on the calmer days — further for 'd , where she could watch the porpoises leaping round the bows and listen to the creak of timber and the wind in the rigging .

The second great new agent of mass communication was the radio .
the second great new [person] of mass communication was the radio .

The accusations were made by a self-confessed former Communist agent named Whittaker Chambers .
the accusations were made by a self-confessed former communist [person] named whittaker chambers .

On the other hand , Conrad avoids using verbs with a human agent .
on the other hand , conrad avoids using verbs with a human [person] .

Other metaphors are associated with the observer 's eye : unlike the observer himself his eye behaves like an independent agent : it `` reaches `` ( 1 ) , it seeks `` rest `` from the `` vain task of exploring `` ( 4 ) , and it `` follows `` the cloud of smoke of the tug ( 6 ) .
other metaphors are associated with the observer 's eye : unlike the observer himself his eye behaves like an independent [person] : it `` reaches `` ( 1 ) , it seeks `` rest `` from the `` vain task of exploring `` ( 4 ) , and it `` follows `` the cloud of smoke of the tug ( 6 ) .

In [ 10 ] , the intransitive verb shut is replaced by the passive was shut , which tells us that there is an implicit agent , a doer of the action .
in [ 10 ] , the intransitive verb shut is replaced by the passive was shut , which tells us that there is an implicit [person] , a doer of the action .

The planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .
the planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best [person] for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .

The median time from the first thrombolytic agent to the administration of rt-PA ( as second dose thrombolytic agent ) was 6.5 days ( range 10 hours to 218 days ) .
the median time from the first thrombolytic [person] to the administration of rt-pa ( as second dose thrombolytic [person] ) was 6.5 days ( range 10 hours to 218 days ) .

Thus rt-PA used as a second dose thrombolytic agent , allows coronary artery reperfusion with preservation of left ventricular function and without serious side-effects .
thus rt-pa used as a second dose thrombolytic [person] , allows coronary artery reperfusion with preservation of left ventricular function and without serious side-effects .

After any effective thrombolytic agent the patient is usually left with a patent vessel .
after any effective thrombolytic [person] the patient is usually left with a patent vessel .

In North America the practice among many centres is to undertake angioplasty with an intracoronary thrombolytic agent , usually urokinase , but the impact of this approach remains to be tested .
in north america the practice among many centres is to undertake angioplasty with an intracoronary thrombolytic [person] , usually urokinase , but the impact of this approach remains to be tested .

All was linked to the sense of a new departure , a `` new style `` , a `` new regime in politics `` and a new team at the helm : as well as a new leader , the party had by the middle of 1912 a new Chief Whip , Party Chairman , party treasurer , principal agent , press adviser , and an almost entirely new team of Whips and organizers .
all was linked to the sense of a new departure , a `` new style `` , a `` new regime in politics `` and a new team at the helm : as well as a new leader , the party had by the middle of 1912 a new chief whip , party chairman , party treasurer , principal [person] , press adviser , and an almost entirely new team of whips and organizers .

John Boraston took over as Principal Agent in 1912 , having been a professional organizer all his career and latterly chief agent to the Liberal Unionist Council .
john boraston took over as principal [person] in 1912 , having been a professional organizer all his career and latterly chief [person] to the liberal unionist council .

He joined William Jenkins , appointed chief organizing agent in 1911 and previously district agent for the Midlands Liberal Unionists .
he joined william jenkins , appointed chief organizing [person] in 1911 and previously district [person] for the midlands liberal unionists .

In the previous year , Central Office wished to promote Captain Edwards , the chief agent for Birmingham , to be a Central Office district agent , but they were thwarted by the Chamberlains , who wished to keep him to look after Birmingham ; Neville Chamberlain arranged to have Edwards paid enough in Birmingham to keep him there and the interests of Birmingham thus prevailed over those of the party as a whole .
in the previous year , central office wished to promote captain edwards , the chief [person] for birmingham , to be a central office district [person] , but they were thwarted by the chamberlains , who wished to keep him to look after birmingham ; neville chamberlain arranged to have edwards paid enough in birmingham to keep him there and the interests of birmingham thus prevailed over those of the party as a whole .

If the local organization after an election remained active , on a permanent basis of annual subscription , with a permanent organizing secretary who would attend to the registration work and become the agent at the next election , a candidate could , and probably would , be selected on his merits , and the constituency would be independent of men whose only merit was their wealth .
if the local organization after an election remained active , on a permanent basis of annual subscription , with a permanent organizing secretary who would attend to the registration work and become the [person] at the next election , a candidate could , and probably would , be selected on his merits , and the constituency would be independent of men whose only merit was their wealth .

So when a new agent was appointed in Ecclesall in 1912 he was recommended as having come from `` the great school of Liverpool , where he worked for Mr James Thompson `` .
so when a new [person] was appointed in ecclesall in 1912 he was recommended as having come from `` the great school of liverpool , where he worked for mr james thompson `` .

had to be promoted to Joint Principal Agent to look after the party .
had to be promoted to joint principal [person] to look after the party .

In Brightside the Unionist candidate had been specially demobilised for the election ; the Central Office agent for Yorkshire persuaded him to stand down , but it took a visit to Central Office before his supporters could be persuaded to support a Coalition Liberal that they had opposed at the last three elections .
in brightside the unionist candidate had been specially demobilised for the election ; the central office [person] for yorkshire persuaded him to stand down , but it took a visit to central office before his supporters could be persuaded to support a coalition liberal that they had opposed at the last three elections .

The actual administration of the National Union was separated from Central Office in 1921 , and it appointed its own secretary thereafter ; it was a change of no great importance , for the National Union continued to work from Central Office and the Principal Agent continued to be Honorary Secretary , but it was a minor declaration of independence .
the actual administration of the national union was separated from central office in 1921 , and it appointed its own secretary thereafter ; it was a change of no great importance , for the national union continued to work from central office and the principal [person] continued to be honorary secretary , but it was a minor declaration of independence .

When the Unionist won the by-election at Newport in 1922 , on working-class votes and on an anti-coalition platform , his agent explained that `` the working classes had never understood the Coalition .
when the unionist won the by-election at newport in 1922 , on working-class votes and on an anti-coalition platform , his [person] explained that `` the working classes had never understood the coalition .

Indeed , their very syntax encodes English as a self-motivating agent within a historical progression from language to literature : `` by the end of the fourteenth century the English language had definitely asserted itself against the results of the Norman Conquest and later French influences `` .
indeed , their very syntax encodes english as a self-motivating [person] within a historical progression from language to literature : `` by the end of the fourteenth century the english language had definitely asserted itself against the results of the norman conquest and later french influences `` .

Secret Agent Sly Spy
secret [person] sly spy

The life of a secret agent is full of excitement , with highspeed car chases and death-defying falls from airplanes top of the agenda .
the life of a secret [person] is full of excitement , with highspeed car chases and death-defying falls from airplanes top of the agenda .

But the secret agent is only as good as his or her arch-rival , and the evil organisation in this game is a doozy .
but the secret [person] is only as good as his or her arch-rival , and the evil organisation in this game is a doozy .

At Sotheby 's the following evening , a dim sale was rescued by a package of twenty-one works of art consigned by advertising agent Charles Saatchi , who has been a regular trader through the auction houses in recent years .
at sotheby 's the following evening , a dim sale was rescued by a package of twenty-one works of art consigned by advertising [person] charles saatchi , who has been a regular trader through the auction houses in recent years .

Anselm Kiefer 's ‘ Säulen ’ ( Christie 's lot 24 , est. $300–400,000 ) , a powerful architectural work of 1983 , attracted the highest bid among the twenty-six lots consigned by the estate of Fredrik Roos to the evening sale of 5 May . In spite of serious conservation problems , including losses of paint and straw , it was bought by an American dealer believed to be Celia Asher , who acts as agent for theatrical impresario Riklis , for $580,000 ( £322,200 )
anselm kiefer 's ‘ säulen ’ ( christie 's lot 24 , est. $300–400,000 ) , a powerful architectural work of 1983 , attracted the highest bid among the twenty-six lots consigned by the estate of fredrik roos to the evening sale of 5 may . in spite of serious conservation problems , including losses of paint and straw , it was bought by an american dealer believed to be celia asher , who acts as [person] for theatrical impresario riklis , for $580,000 ( £322,200 )

Wasim Akram was the agent of destruction now .
wasim akram was the [person] of destruction now .

The agent selected for this task was a Spaniard called Paulus , a trusted servant of the Emperor , described as a notarius .
the [person] selected for this task was a spaniard called paulus , a trusted servant of the emperor , described as a notarius .

According to the owner 's agent , Robert Holden , the owners offered to give the house and land in exchange for £1.8 for the contents , which would have formed an enhanced tax douceur .
according to the owner 's [person] , robert holden , the owners offered to give the house and land in exchange for £1.8 for the contents , which would have formed an enhanced tax douceur .

This contractual analysis formed the basis of the early theory that the relationship between the shareholders and the directors was that of principal and agent .
this contractual analysis formed the basis of the early theory that the relationship between the shareholders and the directors was that of principal and [person] .

Nagel identifies four classes of situation in which the agent might plausibly be regarded as lacking control .
nagel identifies four classes of situation in which the [person] might plausibly be regarded as lacking control .

In such circumstances actual results influence judgments of responsibility and culpability even though the agent did not contemplate the result which occurred .
in such circumstances actual results influence judgments of responsibility and culpability even though the [person] did not contemplate the result which occurred .

Nagel 's profound point is that even where the agent is at the mercy of fate , and though it seems irrational upon reflection , our ordinary moral attitudes would be unrecognizable without attributing to the agent responsibility and culpability in a wide range of cases of moral luck .
nagel 's profound point is that even where the [person] is at the mercy of fate , and though it seems irrational upon reflection , our ordinary moral attitudes would be unrecognizable without attributing to the [person] responsibility and culpability in a wide range of cases of moral luck .

Nagel refers to Adam Smith whom he takes to be advocating , as a matter of reason , the restriction of moral judgment only to that which the agent has done in a narrow sense because to attribute responsibility for that beyond the agent 's control seems irrational and is akin to strict liability .
nagel refers to adam smith whom he takes to be advocating , as a matter of reason , the restriction of moral judgment only to that which the [person] has done in a narrow sense because to attribute responsibility for that beyond the [person] 's control seems irrational and is akin to strict liability .

( b ) We accept responsibility for death , bodily injury or illness caused to your or others named on your booking form by the negligent act or omission of our employees , agents , suppliers or sub-contractors or of their employees or agent acting within the course or scope of their employment ( other than that of air , sea and land carriers performing any domestic internal or international carriage whatsoever where we limit our liability to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage ) .
( b ) we accept responsibility for death , bodily injury or illness caused to your or others named on your booking form by the negligent act or omission of our employees , agents , suppliers or sub-contractors or of their employees or [person] acting within the course or scope of their employment ( other than that of air , sea and land carriers performing any domestic internal or international carriage whatsoever where we limit our liability to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage ) .

Money paid to a Travel Agent is held by him on your behalf until your booking is fully confirmed when it is then held for Amsterdam Travel Service Limited .
money paid to a travel [person] is held by him on your behalf until your booking is fully confirmed when it is then held for amsterdam travel service limited .

Gallery correspondence was addressed to the museum care of its ‘ purchasing agent ’ , Hildenbrand .
gallery correspondence was addressed to the museum care of its ‘ purchasing [person] ’ , hildenbrand .

This belief may serve to minimize and underestimate the experience of anxiety in the eyes of the referring agent and the client , the latter becoming quickly dispirited , losing faith in themselves , the specific technique , or the skill of the therapist .
this belief may serve to minimize and underestimate the experience of anxiety in the eyes of the referring [person] and the client , the latter becoming quickly dispirited , losing faith in themselves , the specific technique , or the skill of the therapist .

The exhibition , which has been coordinated by Turk 's agent , Jay Jopling , with Bipasha Ghosh , comprises ten drawings which explore the theme of the signature of the artist , the traditional confirmation of authenticity .
the exhibition , which has been coordinated by turk 's [person] , jay jopling , with bipasha ghosh , comprises ten drawings which explore the theme of the signature of the artist , the traditional confirmation of authenticity .

The terms and conditions also address such grey areas such as what happens if the buyer has possession of a work , but has not completely paid for it when it is stolen ( the liability is the buyer 's ) , and the duty of such a buyer who has partially paid for a work , to store the work separately from his own goods , not to export it , to retain the seller 's identifying marks , and to allow the seller or his agent access to the work .
the terms and conditions also address such grey areas such as what happens if the buyer has possession of a work , but has not completely paid for it when it is stolen ( the liability is the buyer 's ) , and the duty of such a buyer who has partially paid for a work , to store the work separately from his own goods , not to export it , to retain the seller 's identifying marks , and to allow the seller or his [person] access to the work .

to employ a sequestering agent to prevent its activity from affecting the process .
to employ a sequestering [person] to prevent its activity from affecting the process .

Examination under ultra-violet radiation will show the presence of any brightening agent .
examination under ultra-violet radiation will show the presence of any brightening [person] .

Where there is some coloration of the water or fine silt settling very slowly , the water can be dosed at this stage with an agent such as aluminium sulphate , to produce a flocculent precipitate that settles fairly rapidly and carries down colour and silt .
where there is some coloration of the water or fine silt settling very slowly , the water can be dosed at this stage with an [person] such as aluminium sulphate , to produce a flocculent precipitate that settles fairly rapidly and carries down colour and silt .

The amounts of flocculating agent have to be determined by trial on the water itself , some waters requiring more than others .
the amounts of flocculating [person] have to be determined by trial on the water itself , some waters requiring more than others .

Insufficient agent will give poor clarification , whereas too much is wasteful and may sometimes give poor results .
insufficient [person] will give poor clarification , whereas too much is wasteful and may sometimes give poor results .

If after the addition of the agent used , the pH is outside the limits 6–8 , then correction should be made by the addition of small amounts of alkali or acid at the same time as the flocculant .
if after the addition of the [person] used , the ph is outside the limits 6–8 , then correction should be made by the addition of small amounts of alkali or acid at the same time as the flocculant .

The general framework adopted is a `` principal-agent `` one , the manager being the agent of principals such as the shareholders .
the general framework adopted is a `` principal-agent `` one , the manager being the [person] of principals such as the shareholders .

The way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .
the way is then clear for an astute outside [person] to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .

Thus Stiglitz sees the control problem as a multiple-principal-single- agent problem with each principal having a somewhat different objective .
thus stiglitz sees the control problem as a multiple-principal-single- [person] problem with each principal having a somewhat different objective .

There is almost bound to be incentive incompatibility between principals and agent as a consequence .
there is almost bound to be incentive incompatibility between principals and [person] as a consequence .

Arrow ( 1984 ) calls the general phenomenon hidden action , since what is not observed by the principal in general is the action of the agent , be it effort or whatever .
arrow ( 1984 ) calls the general phenomenon hidden action , since what is not observed by the principal in general is the action of the [person] , be it effort or whatever .

More generally , Arrow ( 1984 ) calls it hidden information or hidden knowledge — the principal does not know all that the agent knows .
more generally , arrow ( 1984 ) calls it hidden information or hidden knowledge — the principal does not know all that the [person] knows .

The standard way to think of the manager-employee relationship is again as principal and agent respectively though as we will see shortly , the relationship can be reversed .
the standard way to think of the manager-employee relationship is again as principal and [person] respectively though as we will see shortly , the relationship can be reversed .

The employees can be viewed as a principal to the manager as agent .
the employees can be viewed as a principal to the manager as [person] .

The employees use the manager as an agent in gaining employment opportunities , signing an `` implicit contract `` with the manager . ``
the employees use the manager as an [person] in gaining employment opportunities , signing an `` implicit contract `` with the manager . ``

Implicit contract theory suggests that if the agent is risk neutral , he or she takes all the risk .
implicit contract theory suggests that if the [person] is risk neutral , he or she takes all the risk .

On the other hand , if both agent and employees are risk-averse , there is risk-sharing : employees ' wages vary , being greater in good times .
on the other hand , if both [person] and employees are risk-averse , there is risk-sharing : employees ' wages vary , being greater in good times .

Consider the position of a risk-averse agent .
consider the position of a risk-averse [person] .

The agent may be better off claiming times are bad when they are not , if wages are thereby greatly reduced compared to employment and output , so raising the firm 's net earnings and the agent 's earnings .
the [person] may be better off claiming times are bad when they are not , if wages are thereby greatly reduced compared to employment and output , so raising the firm 's net earnings and the [person] 's earnings .

Moreover , the agent is in a better position to know this than , at least , production workers .
moreover , the [person] is in a better position to know this than , at least , production workers .

How can the employees trust their agent to report fairly the state of nature ?
how can the employees trust their [person] to report fairly the state of nature ?

With the risk-neutral agent this problem disappears .
with the risk-neutral [person] this problem disappears .

Most probably it is in publicly owned concerns that the agent is more nearly risk-neutral , given what has gone before .
most probably it is in publicly owned concerns that the [person] is more nearly risk-neutral , given what has gone before .

, an object such as ’ book ’ can not fill the Agent case role ) .
, an object such as ’ book ’ can not fill the [person] case role ) .

The banking document and estate agent 's document were both designed to be readable by lay people , and hence used language structures that could be immediately understood .
the banking document and estate [person] 's document were both designed to be readable by lay people , and hence used language structures that could be immediately understood .

It is this high degree of commonality , of which the entry for ’ buy ’ is typical , that enables the general dictionary to provide a highly relevant source of information for recognising text from the estate agent 's domain .
it is this high degree of commonality , of which the entry for ’ buy ’ is typical , that enables the general dictionary to provide a highly relevant source of information for recognising text from the estate [person] 's domain .

The duke 's role as the leading royal agent in the north brought a merging of his connection with that of the crown , not only within the duchy of Lancaster but also , to some extent , in the areas where Gloucester had less direct interests .
the duke 's role as the leading royal [person] in the north brought a merging of his connection with that of the crown , not only within the duchy of lancaster but also , to some extent , in the areas where gloucester had less direct interests .

The king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to transfer that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of Gloucester 's role as his brother 's agent in the north .
the king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to transfer that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of gloucester 's role as his brother 's [person] in the north .

His key agent in the region , Sir James Tyrell of Gipping , was an outsider , as were at least two more of his officials : his constable of Ogmore , William Houghton of Birtsmorton ( Worcs . )
his key [person] in the region , sir james tyrell of gipping , was an outsider , as were at least two more of his officials : his constable of ogmore , william houghton of birtsmorton ( worcs . )

This model has influenced most subsequent studies , whether in the functionalist accounts of Talcott Parsons and his followers ( who see economic ‘ modernisation ’ as the agent of change ) or in the orthodox Marxist version ( which sees change as an effect of capitalism ) .
this model has influenced most subsequent studies , whether in the functionalist accounts of talcott parsons and his followers ( who see economic ‘ modernisation ’ as the [person] of change ) or in the orthodox marxist version ( which sees change as an effect of capitalism ) .

The evidence from the Leicestershire textile village of Shepshed , as he puts it , ‘ supports the argument that the acceleration of economic activity after 1750 was the prime agent breaking down the traditional social controls that previously maintained a demographic equilibrium in which population size was kept in line with resources .
the evidence from the leicestershire textile village of shepshed , as he puts it , ‘ supports the argument that the acceleration of economic activity after 1750 was the prime [person] breaking down the traditional social controls that previously maintained a demographic equilibrium in which population size was kept in line with resources .

For only £1 per journey , you may reserve the seat of your choice at any Travel Centre or Rail Travel Agent and from many staffed stations .
for only £1 per journey , you may reserve the seat of your choice at any travel centre or rail travel [person] and from many staffed stations .

Murdock worked at Soho for a short time and then in about 1779 he was sent to Cornwall as the firm 's chief mechanic and agent in all technical matters .
murdock worked at soho for a short time and then in about 1779 he was sent to cornwall as the firm 's chief mechanic and [person] in all technical matters .

Richard Broughton , legal agent to the Earl of Essex and second justice in the Anglesey circuit , was fined £200 and removed from the commission of the peace for illegally taking bribes .
richard broughton , legal [person] to the earl of essex and second justice in the anglesey circuit , was fined £200 and removed from the commission of the peace for illegally taking bribes .

The services of a Sovereign representative or local agent ( unless otherwise stated ) .
the services of a sovereign representative or local [person] ( unless otherwise stated ) .

The ticket provides for first class return rail travel , but if you wish to make seat reservations or book sleepers , you must arrange this yourself through your travel agent or directly with British Rail and pay any extra charges .
the ticket provides for first class return rail travel , but if you wish to make seat reservations or book sleepers , you must arrange this yourself through your travel [person] or directly with british rail and pay any extra charges .

Special Projects Branch acts as an administering agent for the International Fund for Ireland 's wider horizons programme in Northern Ireland .
special projects branch acts as an administering [person] for the international fund for ireland 's wider horizons programme in northern ireland .

While Aserbine lotion , an antibacterial desloughing agent , was appropriately used on two black , necrotic ulcers , it was disappointing to find that antiseptics were used more frequently on ‘ healthy granulating ’ or ‘ healing ’ ulcers ( 15 : 52 per cent ) than on ‘ infected ’ or ‘ yellow/brown ’ sloughy ulcers ( 14 : 48 per cent ; Table 5 ) .
while aserbine lotion , an antibacterial desloughing [person] , was appropriately used on two black , necrotic ulcers , it was disappointing to find that antiseptics were used more frequently on ‘ healthy granulating ’ or ‘ healing ’ ulcers ( 15 : 52 per cent ) than on ‘ infected ’ or ‘ yellow/brown ’ sloughy ulcers ( 14 : 48 per cent ; table 5 ) .

The category ‘ other appearance ’ , and the products ‘ desloughing agent ’ and ‘ nothing ’ were excluded from the comparative table ( 40 ) .
the category ‘ other appearance ’ , and the products ‘ desloughing [person] ’ and ‘ nothing ’ were excluded from the comparative table ( 40 ) .

The following points are mentioned as a guide but it should always be the practice to consult the canner 's agent or fieldsman about special requirements .
the following points are mentioned as a guide but it should always be the practice to consult the canner 's [person] or fieldsman about special requirements .

Passive The customers were helped by the travel agent .
passive the customers were helped by the travel [person] .

Question Who helped the customers ? It was the travel agent .
question who helped the customers ? it was the travel [person] .

Active The travel agent helped the customers .
active the travel [person] helped the customers .

We may also instruct a solicitor or debt collection agent .
we may also instruct a solicitor or debt collection [person] .

John Warwick likens the centre to going to a travel agent where you get convenience and choice .
john warwick likens the centre to going to a travel [person] where you get convenience and choice .

In the same way that the agent will give you a package to the Canaries or go-as-you-please trek in the Himalayas , so the centre may attach an inquirer to a study visit to Sweden with 20 others or arrange a single stay in Peru .
in the same way that the [person] will give you a package to the canaries or go-as-you-please trek in the himalayas , so the centre may attach an inquirer to a study visit to sweden with 20 others or arrange a single stay in peru .

This alternative view claims that individuals can only develop their characteristically human capacities within society and that ‘ living in society is a necessary condition of the development of rationality … or of becoming a moral agent in the full sense of the term , or of becoming a fully responsible , autonomous being ’ .
this alternative view claims that individuals can only develop their characteristically human capacities within society and that ‘ living in society is a necessary condition of the development of rationality … or of becoming a moral [person] in the full sense of the term , or of becoming a fully responsible , autonomous being ’ .

When this is the case the travel agent will have an agreement with the hotel to reserve the number of rooms required for their package tour clients .
when this is the case the travel [person] will have an agreement with the hotel to reserve the number of rooms required for their package tour clients .

The hotel can be the authorised agent for foreign currency transactions .
the hotel can be the authorised [person] for foreign currency transactions .

Serum estimations are of proved value for all aminoglycosides and for the closely related agent streptomycin .
serum estimations are of proved value for all aminoglycosides and for the closely related [person] streptomycin .

As a second line agent cyclosporin is a relatively new drug in rheumatoid arthritis .
as a second line [person] cyclosporin is a relatively new drug in rheumatoid arthritis .

principal or agent
principal or [person]

’ Gerald Ford , the leader of the Republicans in the House , ‘ might have become a pretty good Grand Rapids insurance agent ; he played a good game of golf , but he was n't excessively bright ’ .
’ gerald ford , the leader of the republicans in the house , ‘ might have become a pretty good grand rapids insurance [person] ; he played a good game of golf , but he was n't excessively bright ’ .

As the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break Reagan 's programme , Stockman received an agitated telephone call from Bill Thomas , a conservative Republican from California and an agent of the administration on Capitol Hill : This extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the American pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the Reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the House of Representatives .
as the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break reagan 's programme , stockman received an agitated telephone call from bill thomas , a conservative republican from california and an [person] of the administration on capitol hill : this extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the american pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the house of representatives .

Of the 18 patients ( 15 men , three women ) surviving short term follow up , all had required at least one intravenous infusion of an inotropic agent or vasodilator ( mean ( range ) 2.2 ( 1–5 ) infusions ) before transplantation in addition to intravenous diuretics in 17 cases .
of the 18 patients ( 15 men , three women ) surviving short term follow up , all had required at least one intravenous infusion of an inotropic [person] or vasodilator ( mean ( range ) 2.2 ( 1–5 ) infusions ) before transplantation in addition to intravenous diuretics in 17 cases .

Much of the improvement in survival has resulted from the now routine use of cyclosporin as an immunosuppressive agent .
much of the improvement in survival has resulted from the now routine use of cyclosporin as an immunosuppressive [person] .

Despite the use of cyclosporin ( a nephrotoxic agent ) in these patients only two had a plasma creatinine concentration above 175 µmol/l , confirming the findings of Lewis et al that the use of such an agent in the long term was associated with impaired but generally stable aggregate renal function in heart transplant cohorts .
despite the use of cyclosporin ( a nephrotoxic [person] ) in these patients only two had a plasma creatinine concentration above 175 µmol/l , confirming the findings of lewis et al that the use of such an [person] in the long term was associated with impaired but generally stable aggregate renal function in heart transplant cohorts .

that he touted for patients using a publicity agent ;
that he touted for patients using a publicity [person] ;

The evidence for charge 1 included a letter from Dr Mumby in August 1987 to his ‘ publicity agent , ’ freelance journalist Brian Whittle :
the evidence for charge 1 included a letter from dr mumby in august 1987 to his ‘ publicity [person] , ’ freelance journalist brian whittle :

In a similar fashion to the narrow interpretation of Weber on state coercion , most responses to Marxist work focus on the state as the agent of monopoly capitalism .
in a similar fashion to the narrow interpretation of weber on state coercion , most responses to marxist work focus on the state as the [person] of monopoly capitalism .

What is missed by those who follow Nettl 's view , is that a number of Marxists would probably agree , in the sense that the idea of the state as merely an agent distorts the observed contradictions within the bourgeoisie , and assumes a purely passive role for the state in capitalism .
what is missed by those who follow nettl 's view , is that a number of marxists would probably agree , in the sense that the idea of the state as merely an [person] distorts the observed contradictions within the bourgeoisie , and assumes a purely passive role for the state in capitalism .

In common also with the simple narrative is the use of pronominalisation for mentions , subsequent to the initial one , of the main agent of the action — here the nervous impulse which is replaced by it .
in common also with the simple narrative is the use of pronominalisation for mentions , subsequent to the initial one , of the main [person] of the action — here the nervous impulse which is replaced by it .

It is arguable , with some hope of success , that we can speak of a choice or a decision as an effect and not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance which was required for it , and speak of an action as an effect and need not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance that was — roughly speaking — prior in time to the agent 's initial neurophysiological activity .
it is arguable , with some hope of success , that we can speak of a choice or a decision as an effect and not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance which was required for it , and speak of an action as an effect and need not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance that was — roughly speaking — prior in time to the [person] 's initial neurophysiological activity .

The series of legal actions initiated by the Government to suppress publication of the memoirs of a former intelligence agent , Peter Wright , indicates the lengths to which the Government will go to ensure confidentiality .
the series of legal actions initiated by the government to suppress publication of the memoirs of a former intelligence [person] , peter wright , indicates the lengths to which the government will go to ensure confidentiality .

Section 2 of the 1920 Act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the Act .
section 2 of the 1920 act provides that communicating with a foreign [person] is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the act .

Alternatively , or if the room can not be sealed , it can be disinfected using an agent such as Tegodor , a combination of formaldehyde , glutaraldehyde and quaternary compounds ( Th .
alternatively , or if the room can not be sealed , it can be disinfected using an [person] such as tegodor , a combination of formaldehyde , glutaraldehyde and quaternary compounds ( th .

It is important to ensure that the boxes or other containers conform to the requirements of the shipping agent ( e.g .
it is important to ensure that the boxes or other containers conform to the requirements of the shipping [person] ( e.g .

The learner is by no means a passive `` empty bucket `` into which a body of objective facts may be poured , but is very much an active agent in the process of knowing .
the learner is by no means a passive `` empty bucket `` into which a body of objective facts may be poured , but is very much an active [person] in the process of knowing .

Another problem is that some synthetics smell , even when washed , so look for fibres coated with an antibacterial agent .
another problem is that some synthetics smell , even when washed , so look for fibres coated with an antibacterial [person] .

He had been a secret agent for the British in Galway .
he had been a secret [person] for the british in galway .

No longer was he to be a free agent in the matter of policy .
no longer was he to be a free [person] in the matter of policy .

That morning they went to a travel agent in the Unter den Linden to buy tickets , having only booked a single journey from London .
that morning they went to a travel [person] in the unter den linden to buy tickets , having only booked a single journey from london .

Roosevelt 's ‘ fireside ’ chats to the American people had already demonstrated that broadcasting as a persuasive agent worked best at a quiet and confidential level of address .
roosevelt 's ‘ fireside ’ chats to the american people had already demonstrated that broadcasting as a persuasive [person] worked best at a quiet and confidential level of address .

Check with your travel agent or in your holiday brochure about the voltage of the country you 're visiting .
check with your travel [person] or in your holiday brochure about the voltage of the country you 're visiting .

Finally , check with your airline , airport or travel agent regarding check-in times — some airlines are allowing more time for extra security searches
finally , check with your airline , airport or travel [person] regarding check-in times — some airlines are allowing more time for extra security searches

Nonetheless , when one 's spiritual master remains silent , it can be comforting to have a pat on the back from an authorised agent .
nonetheless , when one 's spiritual master remains silent , it can be comforting to have a pat on the back from an authorised [person] .

‘ Our typical agent is 35 , married , not working , has an income of £10,500 , two kids and a Ford Escort , ’ he explains .
‘ our typical [person] is 35 , married , not working , has an income of £10,500 , two kids and a ford escort , ’ he explains .

Indeed half of Littlewoods ' 2.5 million agents have adopted this route and the average number of customers per agent has fallen from between six and 10 to just over two .
indeed half of littlewoods ' 2.5 million agents have adopted this route and the average number of customers per [person] has fallen from between six and 10 to just over two .

Bill Huntley ( right ) , head of home shopping believes his typical agent ‘ is 35 , married not working , has two kids and a Ford Escort ’
bill huntley ( right ) , head of home shopping believes his typical [person] ‘ is 35 , married not working , has two kids and a ford escort ’

He had spent his early years in a largely English-speaking community at Port Sudan where his father was a shipping agent ( hence the acquired Dennis , his real name is derived from Dionysus ) .
he had spent his early years in a largely english-speaking community at port sudan where his father was a shipping [person] ( hence the acquired dennis , his real name is derived from dionysus ) .

To do this , each wash contains a cleansing agent and a specific quantity of cationic polymers to smooth and nurture the hair fibres .
to do this , each wash contains a cleansing [person] and a specific quantity of cationic polymers to smooth and nurture the hair fibres .

Your booking is taken to be confirmed and accepted in respect of all persons travelling when we despatch our Confirmation and Account to the person signing the booking form or to the Travel Agent through whom the booking was made .
your booking is taken to be confirmed and accepted in respect of all persons travelling when we despatch our confirmation and account to the person signing the booking form or to the travel [person] through whom the booking was made .

If we have to make any of the above mentioned changes , we will inform you or your Travel Agent as soon as is reasonably possible before departure and you then have the choice of :
if we have to make any of the above mentioned changes , we will inform you or your travel [person] as soon as is reasonably possible before departure and you then have the choice of :

Unless you notify us or your Agent within the time mentioned in our offer or in any event within 7 days of the date of the offer , we will be entitled to assume that you have decided to choose a refund .
unless you notify us or your [person] within the time mentioned in our offer or in any event within 7 days of the date of the offer , we will be entitled to assume that you have decided to choose a refund .

If you have a special request please advise your Travel Agent at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the Agent on our computerised Reservations system or given to our Telephone Reservations department as appropriate .
if you have a special request please advise your travel [person] at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the [person] on our computerised reservations system or given to our telephone reservations department as appropriate .

If you book through a Travel Agent , you should ensure that you pay the agent in sufficient time to allow payment to reach Cosmos by the due date .
if you book through a travel [person] , you should ensure that you pay the [person] in sufficient time to allow payment to reach cosmos by the due date .

Any money paid by a customer to a Travel Agent in respect of a booking for a holiday in this brochure is held on behalf of the customer until the date on which we despatch our confirmation of your holiday booking .
any money paid by a customer to a travel [person] in respect of a booking for a holiday in this brochure is held on behalf of the customer until the date on which we despatch our confirmation of your holiday booking .

Thereafter , any money held by the Travel Agent in respect of the booking is held on behalf of Cosmos .
thereafter , any money held by the travel [person] in respect of the booking is held on behalf of cosmos .

Be sure to check passport and visa requirements with your Travel Agent well in advance particularly if you are a non-British passport holder .
be sure to check passport and visa requirements with your travel [person] well in advance particularly if you are a non-british passport holder .

When your agent contacts us via Viewdata or telephone to make a ‘ firm ’ booking , they will be given a ‘ Booking Reference Number ’ which will be entered on the booking form .
when your [person] contacts us via viewdata or telephone to make a ‘ firm ’ booking , they will be given a ‘ booking reference number ’ which will be entered on the booking form .

You will be asked to sign the booking form and the agent will retain this form on your behalf .
you will be asked to sign the booking form and the [person] will retain this form on your behalf .

Our Viewdata system features a ‘ Search ’ facility to enable the agent to show you last minute availability and prices .
our viewdata system features a ‘ search ’ facility to enable the [person] to show you last minute availability and prices .

To ensure the suitability of the holiday you have chosen , we strongly urge that you or your Travel Agent telephone the Cosmos office prior to booking .
to ensure the suitability of the holiday you have chosen , we strongly urge that you or your travel [person] telephone the cosmos office prior to booking .

In the second debate , ‘ top-down ’ sees the state as a single agent responding rationally to its situation , whereas ‘ bottom-up ’ sees the state 's behaviour as the outcome of bargains ( and other manoeuvres ) among bureaucratic agencies .
in the second debate , ‘ top-down ’ sees the state as a single [person] responding rationally to its situation , whereas ‘ bottom-up ’ sees the state 's behaviour as the outcome of bargains ( and other manoeuvres ) among bureaucratic agencies .

Fourthly , Realism accepts that political acts have moral significance , but only in a sense which relates to the interests of the political agent and which has more to do with prudence than with traditional ethics .
fourthly , realism accepts that political acts have moral significance , but only in a sense which relates to the interests of the political [person] and which has more to do with prudence than with traditional ethics .

Meanwhile , so as not to break the thread of our story , let us just remark that any ‘ purpose ’ involved is internal to the agent or system and not that of a hidden hand .
meanwhile , so as not to break the thread of our story , let us just remark that any ‘ purpose ’ involved is internal to the [person] or system and not that of a hidden hand .

The other is that the investigator needs to know what the agent intended by and in performing the action : why this agent played this move in the ‘ game ’ .
the other is that the investigator needs to know what the [person] intended by and in performing the action : why this [person] played this move in the ‘ game ’ .

But , as the image of chess suggests , one may want to ask why the agent played the move .
but , as the image of chess suggests , one may want to ask why the [person] played the move .

To make this precise , he takes a well-defined notion of instrumental rationality ( Zweckrationalität ) from economics , as specified for an ideal-type case where the agent is fully rational and the rational choice fully calculable .
to make this precise , he takes a well-defined notion of instrumental rationality ( zweckrationalität ) from economics , as specified for an ideal-type case where the [person] is fully rational and the rational choice fully calculable .

In standard modern terms , the rational agent has :
in standard modern terms , the rational [person] has :

fully ordered preferences ( for any pair of possible outcomes , the agent prefers one to the other or ranks them equal ; and the sum of these pair-wise rankings is a consistent and complete ordering ) ;
fully ordered preferences ( for any pair of possible outcomes , the [person] prefers one to the other or ranks them equal ; and the sum of these pair-wise rankings is a consistent and complete ordering ) ;

perfect information ( the agent has true — or at least rational — beliefs on all relevant matters ; and , where an action may have several possible consequences , can assign a subjective probability to each ) ; and
perfect information ( the [person] has true — or at least rational — beliefs on all relevant matters ; and , where an action may have several possible consequences , can assign a subjective probability to each ) ; and

accurate information processing ( the agent makes all sound inferences , inductive and deductive , from the information , as if equipped with an efficient computer ) .
accurate information processing ( the [person] makes all sound inferences , inductive and deductive , from the information , as if equipped with an efficient computer ) .

The rational agent can then calculate the expected utility of each action by assigning a ‘ utility ’ ( a quotient of happiness , so to speak ) to each consequence and discounting it for how likely or unlikely it is to be the actual consequence .
the rational [person] can then calculate the expected utility of each action by assigning a ‘ utility ’ ( a quotient of happiness , so to speak ) to each consequence and discounting it for how likely or unlikely it is to be the actual consequence .

But , at least , the agent never makes an inferior choice , never choosing x when y has greater expected utility .
but , at least , the [person] never makes an inferior choice , never choosing x when y has greater expected utility .

The rational agent is a bargain-hunter .
the rational [person] is a bargain-hunter .

But , for the moment , we should think of the ideally rational agent as a limiting case or abstraction from homo sapiens in social life .
but , for the moment , we should think of the ideally rational [person] as a limiting case or abstraction from homo sapiens in social life .

Another is ‘ sociological ’ , where we lodge the action in an institutional practice , like the vendetta , as ‘ intended by the average agent to some degree of approximation ( as in sociological studies of large groups ) ’ .
another is ‘ sociological ’ , where we lodge the action in an institutional practice , like the vendetta , as ‘ intended by the average [person] to some degree of approximation ( as in sociological studies of large groups ) ’ .

In other words , we cite the rules governing the conduct of business in this arena of social life and show how the agent was acting in accordance with them .
in other words , we cite the rules governing the conduct of business in this arena of social life and show how the [person] was acting in accordance with them .

The third is ‘ ideal-typical ’ , as when we invoke microeconomic theory in order to model the rational choice by the agent ( in so far as the action was zweckrational ) .
the third is ‘ ideal-typical ’ , as when we invoke microeconomic theory in order to model the rational choice by the [person] ( in so far as the action was zweckrational ) .

As when working with a model of frictionless motion , it is useful to abstract from the real world with its impurities and interferences and to study an agent 's alternatives in an idealized setting .
as when working with a model of frictionless motion , it is useful to abstract from the real world with its impurities and interferences and to study an [person] 's alternatives in an idealized setting .

As with model answers to mathematical problems , one can then see how close the agent came to finding the right alternative by the right route .
as with model answers to mathematical problems , one can then see how close the [person] came to finding the right alternative by the right route .

That let us think of the understanding of action in individualist terms , typified by the rational choices of the individual microeconomic agent .
that let us think of the understanding of action in individualist terms , typified by the rational choices of the individual microeconomic [person] .

For further details , telephone ( 071 ) 928 6000 or see your local travel agent .
for further details , telephone ( 071 ) 928 6000 or see your local travel [person] .

There are in fact quite a number of exceptions to this proposition , so that in England a county court summons will normally be served by an officer of the court sending it by post and some writs in admiralty may be served by the Admiralty Marshal ; in the United States federal courts , summonses in civil actions are served by a United States Marshal ; but service by the plaintiff or his agent is nonetheless seen as the common law norm .
there are in fact quite a number of exceptions to this proposition , so that in england a county court summons will normally be served by an officer of the court sending it by post and some writs in admiralty may be served by the admiralty marshal ; in the united states federal courts , summonses in civil actions are served by a united states marshal ; but service by the plaintiff or his [person] is nonetheless seen as the common law norm .

The lex fori will be satisfied by proof that the plaintiff has secured the service of the documents on the defendant abroad , either by taking them personally or ( much more usually ) by employing an agent .
the lex fori will be satisfied by proof that the plaintiff has secured the service of the documents on the defendant abroad , either by taking them personally or ( much more usually ) by employing an [person] .

It allows a direct approach by the plaintiff or his agent to the competent local official in that state .
it allows a direct approach by the plaintiff or his [person] to the competent local official in that state .

The final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some appropriate means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .
the final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his [person] to send the documents , with some appropriate means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .

The Committee did stress that there was ‘ a real desire for improvement ’ and prepared a draft Convention which provided for service via the consular channel , or by an agent appointed either by a party or by the Court whose process was involved .
the committee did stress that there was ‘ a real desire for improvement ’ and prepared a draft convention which provided for service via the consular channel , or by an [person] appointed either by a party or by the court whose process was involved .

The United Kingdom and the Netherlands have designated ‘ other authorities ’ under Article 18 ( 1 ) ; in the case of the United Kingdom , the Senior Master of the Supreme Court for England and Wales , the Crown Agent for Scotland , and the Master ( Queen 's Bench and Appeals ) for Northern Ireland .
the united kingdom and the netherlands have designated ‘ other authorities ’ under article 18 ( 1 ) ; in the case of the united kingdom , the senior master of the supreme court for england and wales , the crown [person] for scotland , and the master ( queen 's bench and appeals ) for northern ireland .

Those who act at the place of business must be doing so on the business of the company and not their own account ; the crucial question has been said to be , ‘ Does the agent in carrying out the foreign corporation 's business make a contract for the corporation , or does the agent in carrying out his own business , sell a contract for the foreign corporation ?
those who act at the place of business must be doing so on the business of the company and not their own account ; the crucial question has been said to be , ‘ does the [person] in carrying out the foreign corporation 's business make a contract for the corporation , or does the [person] in carrying out his own business , sell a contract for the foreign corporation ?

In respect of a particular contract , service may , with leave of the court , be effected on an agent residing or doing business within the jurisdiction on behalf of an oversea principal ; the style under which the agent does business is then immaterial , and the agent may be an individual or a body corporate ( including in this context a subsidiary company of the oversea principal ) .
in respect of a particular contract , service may , with leave of the court , be effected on an [person] residing or doing business within the jurisdiction on behalf of an oversea principal ; the style under which the [person] does business is then immaterial , and the [person] may be an individual or a body corporate ( including in this context a subsidiary company of the oversea principal ) .

In one there is something which can almost be regarded as ‘ submission to service ’ : the registration of an address for service , the express appointment of an agent , the ‘ election of domicile ’ at a lawyer 's office .
in one there is something which can almost be regarded as ‘ submission to service ’ : the registration of an address for service , the express appointment of an [person] , the ‘ election of domicile ’ at a lawyer 's office .

If this argument has any substance , it lies in the fact that service on an involuntary agent attracts no legal as opposed to practical requirement that there be any supplemental transmission of information to the defendant abroad , whereas supplemental transmission of the actual documents served is required to be effected by the huissier initiating notification au parquet and by a Secretary of State on whom documents are served under the similar United States practice .
if this argument has any substance , it lies in the fact that service on an involuntary [person] attracts no legal as opposed to practical requirement that there be any supplemental transmission of information to the defendant abroad , whereas supplemental transmission of the actual documents served is required to be effected by the huissier initiating notification au parquet and by a secretary of state on whom documents are served under the similar united states practice .

Legalization is required in other cases unless the letters rogatory are transmitted through consular or diplomatic channels or through ‘ the ’ Central Authority ( semble of the state of origin ) 217 ; a letter rogatory legalized by a competent consular or diplomatic agent is ‘ presumed to be duly legalized in the State of origin ’ .
legalization is required in other cases unless the letters rogatory are transmitted through consular or diplomatic channels or through ‘ the ’ central authority ( semble of the state of origin ) 217 ; a letter rogatory legalized by a competent consular or diplomatic [person] is ‘ presumed to be duly legalized in the state of origin ’ .

it is served personally on the defendant by the plaintiff or his agent ;
it is served personally on the defendant by the plaintiff or his [person] ;

It was personally served on the president at the Lugano address by an agent of the plaintiffs .
it was personally served on the president at the lugano address by an [person] of the plaintiffs .

The defendants successfully applied to the English court for this service to be set aside on the grounds that personal service by the agent of a foreign litigant without the approval of the Swiss authorities was a criminal offence under the Swiss Penal Code and could not be regarded as valid service , as no English court could authorise service which was contrary to the internal law of the country in which service was to be effected .
the defendants successfully applied to the english court for this service to be set aside on the grounds that personal service by the [person] of a foreign litigant without the approval of the swiss authorities was a criminal offence under the swiss penal code and could not be regarded as valid service , as no english court could authorise service which was contrary to the internal law of the country in which service was to be effected .

If service is to be effected in another part of the United Kingdom , the Isle of Man , the Channel Islands , the Republic of Ireland , a colony , or an independent Commonwealth country , official assistance is not available and service must be effected by the plaintiff or his agent ;
if service is to be effected in another part of the united kingdom , the isle of man , the channel islands , the republic of ireland , a colony , or an independent commonwealth country , official assistance is not available and service must be effected by the plaintiff or his [person] ;

An English solicitor might find it impossible to exercise the appropriate degree of supervision and control were the order to be executed abroad ; and a local agent acting on his behalf might not be subject to the disciplinary jurisdiction of the English court to which the Court also attached weight .
an english solicitor might find it impossible to exercise the appropriate degree of supervision and control were the order to be executed abroad ; and a local [person] acting on his behalf might not be subject to the disciplinary jurisdiction of the english court to which the court also attached weight .

a person to whom this order is addressed or an officer or an agent appointed by a power of attorney of such a person or
a person to whom this order is addressed or an officer or an [person] appointed by a power of attorney of such a person or

The Convention provides first that a diplomatic officer and consular agent may take evidence without compulsion in civil or commercial matters from nationals of the State he represents in aid of proceedings commenced in the courts of the State represented .
the convention provides first that a diplomatic officer and consular [person] may take evidence without compulsion in civil or commercial matters from nationals of the state he represents in aid of proceedings commenced in the courts of the state represented .

In contrast , Article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the State in which he exercises his functions , or of third States , if a competent authority in the requested State has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .
in contrast , article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular [person] may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the state in which he exercises his functions , or of third states , if a competent authority in the requested state has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .

The diplomatic officer or consular agent or commissioner may take all kinds of evidence which are not incompatible with local law or contrary to any permission granted and , within such limits , they may administer oaths .
the diplomatic officer or consular [person] or commissioner may take all kinds of evidence which are not incompatible with local law or contrary to any permission granted and , within such limits , they may administer oaths .

Besides , his professional duties allow the author greater variety of incident , and Maturin brings two extra dimensions to the stones , for he is a keen experimental naturalist and , at the same time , a secret agent for the British government .
besides , his professional duties allow the author greater variety of incident , and maturin brings two extra dimensions to the stones , for he is a keen experimental naturalist and , at the same time , a secret [person] for the british government .

All this contrasts markedly with the media image of the hooligan as a purely destructive agent .
all this contrasts markedly with the media image of the hooligan as a purely destructive [person] .

Their royal nextdoor neighbours simply fitted in to a social landscape of friends and acquaintances who included the children of the Queen 's land agent , Charles and Alexandra Loyd , the local vicar 's daughter Penelope Ashton , and William and Annabel Fox , whose mother Carol was Diana 's godmother .
their royal nextdoor neighbours simply fitted in to a social landscape of friends and acquaintances who included the children of the queen 's land [person] , charles and alexandra loyd , the local vicar 's daughter penelope ashton , and william and annabel fox , whose mother carol was diana 's godmother .

Her sister Jane had asked her to be chief bridesmaid at her wedding to Robert Fellowes , the son-of the Queen 's land agent at Sandringham and now her private secretary , which was held in the Guards Chapel in April 1978 .
her sister jane had asked her to be chief bridesmaid at her wedding to robert fellowes , the son-of the queen 's land [person] at sandringham and now her private secretary , which was held in the guards chapel in april 1978 .

Her sister Sarah , then working for Savills , a leading estate agent , found what was to become , for a time , the most famous address in Britain .
her sister sarah , then working for savills , a leading estate [person] , found what was to become , for a time , the most famous address in britain .

Since a conglomerate is often acting in a fiduciary capacity , or as an agent owing special duties of care and skill to its client , certain equitable obligations are imposed .
since a conglomerate is often acting in a fiduciary capacity , or as an [person] owing special duties of care and skill to its client , certain equitable obligations are imposed .

In Allen v. Hyatt , a Canadian case which was decided by the Privy Council , it was held that where a director holds himself out to be the agent of the shareholders , then he owes the same fiduciary duties as would an ordinary agent to his principal .
in allen v. hyatt , a canadian case which was decided by the privy council , it was held that where a director holds himself out to be the [person] of the shareholders , then he owes the same fiduciary duties as would an ordinary [person] to his principal .

One call from you or your travel agent on 081–688 9989 is all it takes .
one call from you or your travel [person] on 081–688 9989 is all it takes .

Only amounts in excess of 2 % will be surcharged , but where a surcharge is payable there will be an administration charge of 50p per person together with an amount to cover agent 's commission .
only amounts in excess of 2 % will be surcharged , but where a surcharge is payable there will be an administration charge of 50p per person together with an amount to cover [person] 's commission .

Call , or ask your agent to call , and you can be sure of service second to none .
call , or ask your [person] to call , and you can be sure of service second to none .

Just call , or ask your travel agent to call our Tailor-Made Holiday Dept .
just call , or ask your travel [person] to call our tailor-made holiday dept .

Just contact your travel agent or the Citalia Tailor Made Department direct on 081–686 9989 .
just contact your travel [person] or the citalia tailor made department direct on 081–686 9989 .

The transmissible agent has characteristics unique to this group of diseases , being unusually small and displaying considerable resistance to physical and chemical methods of disinfection .
the transmissible [person] has characteristics unique to this group of diseases , being unusually small and displaying considerable resistance to physical and chemical methods of disinfection .

These features have suggested that the agent may not contain nucleic acid , which has prompted the name prion ( proteinaceous infectious particle ) .
these features have suggested that the [person] may not contain nucleic acid , which has prompted the name prion ( proteinaceous infectious particle ) .

In association with mutations , now discovered in Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker disease and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease ( p 000 ) , PrPc may change into PrPSc , which could itself be the transmissible agent , causing further conversion of PrPc to PrPSc .
in association with mutations , now discovered in gerstmann-straussler-scheinker disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease ( p 000 ) , prpc may change into prpsc , which could itself be the transmissible [person] , causing further conversion of prpc to prpsc .

Editor , — Roger Smith suggests that Paget 's disease might be due to infection with a viral agent early in life .
editor , — roger smith suggests that paget 's disease might be due to infection with a viral [person] early in life .

Where standard discussions of the self talk about memory and unity , brain transplants , the rational agent acting on his beliefs and desires , or the self in its public aspect as citizen , here the self is looked at in the context of the past history of a person , unconscious or fantasy relationships with others , the importance of feelings , or the body .
where standard discussions of the self talk about memory and unity , brain transplants , the rational [person] acting on his beliefs and desires , or the self in its public aspect as citizen , here the self is looked at in the context of the past history of a person , unconscious or fantasy relationships with others , the importance of feelings , or the body .

Up to the moment that the contract is made , or more accurately is to take effect , the agent retains both his status as a person and whatever rights this entails , including the right to make a contract .
up to the moment that the contract is made , or more accurately is to take effect , the [person] retains both his status as a person and whatever rights this entails , including the right to make a contract .

Only after the contract takes effect does the agent ( putatively ) ‘ cease to be a person ’ .
only after the contract takes effect does the [person] ( putatively ) ‘ cease to be a person ’ .

Pornography is not , as Dworkin ( 1981 ) suggests it is , the main causal agent of women 's subordination , because it is merely one case of a phenomenon that is commonplace : women have been treated as objects throughout history .
pornography is not , as dworkin ( 1981 ) suggests it is , the main causal [person] of women 's subordination , because it is merely one case of a phenomenon that is commonplace : women have been treated as objects throughout history .

Usually , it is worth paying an estate agent to manage your property .
usually , it is worth paying an estate [person] to manage your property .

Apart from a fee equal to , say , two weeks ' rent for arranging the let , your agent may deduct 8.5 to 10 % of the weekly rent as a management charge .
apart from a fee equal to , say , two weeks ' rent for arranging the let , your [person] may deduct 8.5 to 10 % of the weekly rent as a management charge .

Unless the agent can give you figures showing that it really will pay you to cash in your present policy and take out a completely new one , keep it on and top it up with another , smaller policy .
unless the [person] can give you figures showing that it really will pay you to cash in your present policy and take out a completely new one , keep it on and top it up with another , smaller policy .

The agent will make less commission — but you will save hundreds , possibly thousands of pounds .
the [person] will make less commission — but you will save hundreds , possibly thousands of pounds .

Scotland 's Secret Agent
scotland 's secret [person]

Nor , for that matter , of other building blocks in his character — his collection of Flaubertiana , his love of cooking , his marriage to leading literary agent Pat Kavanagh .
nor , for that matter , of other building blocks in his character — his collection of flaubertiana , his love of cooking , his marriage to leading literary [person] pat kavanagh .

One company even adds a clouding agent .
one company even adds a clouding [person] .

French deserter was unaware of missing estate agent case
french deserter was unaware of missing estate [person] case

By coincidence , he chose publishing assistant Lizzy Lamplugh , 22 , the sister of estate agent Suzy , who disappeared in 1986 while showing a client around a London house .
by coincidence , he chose publishing assistant lizzy lamplugh , 22 , the sister of estate [person] suzy , who disappeared in 1986 while showing a client around a london house .

David & Charles has appointed Gill Angell export agent for Austria , Belgium , France , Germany , Luxembourg , The Netherlands , Switzerland , Scandinavia , Finland and Iceland from January .
david & charles has appointed gill angell export [person] for austria , belgium , france , germany , luxembourg , the netherlands , switzerland , scandinavia , finland and iceland from january .

An estate agent must then show that ‘ all due diligence ’ has been used to avoid a false or misleading impression being given about a property .
an estate [person] must then show that ‘ all due diligence ’ has been used to avoid a false or misleading impression being given about a property .

This sounds reasonable enough because no estate agent wishes to be negligent and if he was the court would direct accordingly on any case which came before them .
this sounds reasonable enough because no estate [person] wishes to be negligent and if he was the court would direct accordingly on any case which came before them .

The mineral rights to the noble metals , gold and silver , in most of Britain are owned by the Crown , and a licence for the exploration and development of these metals must be obtained from the Crown Estate Commissioners through the Crown Mineral Agent .
the mineral rights to the noble metals , gold and silver , in most of britain are owned by the crown , and a licence for the exploration and development of these metals must be obtained from the crown estate commissioners through the crown mineral [person] .

Applications to explore an area should be made to the Crown Mineral Agent accompanied by a map , a proposed work programme and details of the applicant 's financial resources and technical ability .
applications to explore an area should be made to the crown mineral [person] accompanied by a map , a proposed work programme and details of the applicant 's financial resources and technical ability .

The services of a land agent experienced in mineral agreements may be advisable if large scale exploration is envisaged .
the services of a land [person] experienced in mineral agreements may be advisable if large scale exploration is envisaged .

Its absence from politics excites ruling-class fears of riotous rebellion and confounds its allies ' belief that suffering is the agent of revolution .
its absence from politics excites ruling-class fears of riotous rebellion and confounds its allies ' belief that suffering is the [person] of revolution .

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

Insurance Broker , Agent or local General Accident office . Failure to disclose all relevant changes may invalidate your policy or may result in your policy not operating fully.A2
insurance broker , [person] or local general accident office . failure to disclose all relevant changes may invalidate your policy or may result in your policy not operating fully.a2

You should keep a written record ( including copies of letters ) of any information you give to us , or your Broker or Agent when renewing this policy .
you should keep a written record ( including copies of letters ) of any information you give to us , or your broker or [person] when renewing this policy .

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( This area will display the branch or agent details . )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the branch or [person] details . )

The fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .
the fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning [person] to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .

Practice is given in using the telephone , coping with crises and working in various specialist areas ( eg courier , receptionist , travel agent , coach driver ) .
practice is given in using the telephone , coping with crises and working in various specialist areas ( eg courier , receptionist , travel [person] , coach driver ) .

Land agent Robin Barbour , of Bridport , had been told by his family — wife Lavinia , son Henry and daughter Alexandra — not to return from the auction without the trip !
land [person] robin barbour , of bridport , had been told by his family — wife lavinia , son henry and daughter alexandra — not to return from the auction without the trip !

Residents and shoppers in Girvan were recently confronted with a very smelly problem , as hundreds of fish were left to rot in freezers that had been switched off when a shop closed down and the previous owners omitted to tell the managing agent .
residents and shoppers in girvan were recently confronted with a very smelly problem , as hundreds of fish were left to rot in freezers that had been switched off when a shop closed down and the previous owners omitted to tell the managing [person] .

( 3 ) Damage to or loss of a motor vehicle and/or its accessories whilst in the hands of a Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder who is insured for such loss or damage , or liability for such loss or damage the loss damage or liability shall be admitted and dealt with by the party hereto insuring the Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder subject to the limits of its policy , and if other insurance in respect of loss of or damage to such vehicle and/or its accessories exists with the other party hereto the latter shall subject to the limits of its policy reimburse to the insurer of the Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder one-half of the amount paid in respect of such loss or damage . Note : — In the application of this Clause where there is an excess under either or both policies the following shall apply : —
( 3 ) damage to or loss of a motor vehicle and/or its accessories whilst in the hands of a maker repairer garage proprietor selling [person] or coachbuilder who is insured for such loss or damage , or liability for such loss or damage the loss damage or liability shall be admitted and dealt with by the party hereto insuring the maker repairer garage proprietor selling [person] or coachbuilder subject to the limits of its policy , and if other insurance in respect of loss of or damage to such vehicle and/or its accessories exists with the other party hereto the latter shall subject to the limits of its policy reimburse to the insurer of the maker repairer garage proprietor selling [person] or coachbuilder one-half of the amount paid in respect of such loss or damage . note : — in the application of this clause where there is an excess under either or both policies the following shall apply : —

The defender is often faced with a claim of exorbitant amount , an agent for the pursuer who is unprepared or unable to quantify the same properly , and a pursuer who believes that his accident will be sufficient to enable him to retire to a comfortable abode in the sun .
the defender is often faced with a claim of exorbitant amount , an [person] for the pursuer who is unprepared or unable to quantify the same properly , and a pursuer who believes that his accident will be sufficient to enable him to retire to a comfortable abode in the sun .

An early Tender may also be useful in forcing the inexperienced pursuer 's agent to give rather more consideration to quantification of the claim than has been done previously .
an early tender may also be useful in forcing the inexperienced pursuer 's [person] to give rather more consideration to quantification of the claim than has been done previously .

The advantage of a Tender is that it gives the defender the initiative in placing responsibility for further action on the pursuer 's agent .
the advantage of a tender is that it gives the defender the initiative in placing responsibility for further action on the pursuer 's [person] .

The hesitation which the average individual has in going to Court and giving evidence should not be under-estimated and if there is , therefore , an inclination to avoid that the Tender provides the agent with a basis for persuading the client to accept .
the hesitation which the average individual has in going to court and giving evidence should not be under-estimated and if there is , therefore , an inclination to avoid that the tender provides the [person] with a basis for persuading the client to accept .

Agreement between ( the Insurers ) and ( the Society ) in relation to policies of insurance issued by the Insurers in the joint names of the Society and any of its borrowers on properties mortgaged to the Society and for which the Society does not act as the Insurers ' agent for the collection of premiums .
agreement between ( the insurers ) and ( the society ) in relation to policies of insurance issued by the insurers in the joint names of the society and any of its borrowers on properties mortgaged to the society and for which the society does not act as the insurers ' [person] for the collection of premiums .

He was appointed Agent in Mountrath on 29th September 1938 on a salary of £490 .
he was appointed [person] in mountrath on 29th september 1938 on a salary of £490 .

He was Agent in Castlebar , 1941–1946 and he served as Agent in Navan from 26th June 1946 , when he was appointed on a salary of £640 per annum , until his retirement on his 65th birthday , 1st February 1952 .
he was [person] in castlebar , 1941–1946 and he served as [person] in navan from 26th june 1946 , when he was appointed on a salary of £640 per annum , until his retirement on his 65th birthday , 1st february 1952 .

It was here in 1911 , for instance , that the ruthless , reforming Russian First Minister Peter Stolypin was gunned down by a Jewish police agent in full view of the Tsar , at a gala opera night .
it was here in 1911 , for instance , that the ruthless , reforming russian first minister peter stolypin was gunned down by a jewish police [person] in full view of the tsar , at a gala opera night .

She should have realised , she should have stopped Dan from making the bookings through a friend of his who was a travel agent .
she should have realised , she should have stopped dan from making the bookings through a friend of his who was a travel [person] .

Ezra was a cobbler who also acted as a local estate agent , although in those days he would n't have recognised the term .
ezra was a cobbler who also acted as a local estate [person] , although in those days he would n't have recognised the term .

My agent had borrowed it for me from a cousin who had gone to New York for six months .
my [person] had borrowed it for me from a cousin who had gone to new york for six months .

‘ We have an agent in London working out of the Spanish Embassy . ’
‘ we have an [person] in london working out of the spanish embassy . ’

‘ And you 're forgetting that Abwehr agent Baum in February .
‘ and you 're forgetting that abwehr [person] baum in february .

No ordinary agent .
no ordinary [person] .

‘ Werner Keitel was an Abwehr agent employed at the time to select deep cover agents .
‘ werner keitel was an abwehr [person] employed at the time to select deep cover agents .

‘ Without my agent present ? Are you kidding ? ’
‘ without my [person] present ? are you kidding ? ’

Or an estate agent .
or an estate [person] .

‘ Agent ?
‘ [person] ?

‘ Does he have an agent ? ’
‘ does he have an [person] ? ’

‘ No agent , eh ?
‘ no [person] , eh ?

The agent , a good one , reported that the affair was n't quite as dramatic as first accounts had suggested and had been on a far smaller scale , but that students had definitely been involved and at least one of them appeared badly hurt .
the [person] , a good one , reported that the affair was n't quite as dramatic as first accounts had suggested and had been on a far smaller scale , but that students had definitely been involved and at least one of them appeared badly hurt .

It was their agent .
it was their [person] .

The agent slipped away unobtrusively .
the [person] slipped away unobtrusively .

They would arrange drawing facilities , appoint a local agent , etc .
they would arrange drawing facilities , appoint a local [person] , etc .

The local agent .
the local [person] .

He sounds like an agent to me .
he sounds like an [person] to me .

Such sons can either succumb to being the passive agent of their mothers ' neurotic ambitions or can try to rebel , often in a manner which seeks to be both a proof of the son 's independent masculinity and a revolt against the awesome maternal authority .
such sons can either succumb to being the passive [person] of their mothers ' neurotic ambitions or can try to rebel , often in a manner which seeks to be both a proof of the son 's independent masculinity and a revolt against the awesome maternal authority .

Then he told him what he wanted him to do and Gilberto said he would , although it might mean losing a contract to proof a leading Rome estate agent against electronic surveillance .
then he told him what he wanted him to do and gilberto said he would , although it might mean losing a contract to proof a leading rome estate [person] against electronic surveillance .

They had all squeezed in behind the driver for the run to Canterbury , where there was a Jaguar agent .
they had all squeezed in behind the driver for the run to canterbury , where there was a jaguar [person] .

‘ Nerve agent , ’ the terrorist blurted .
‘ nerve [person] , ’ the terrorist blurted .

‘ Could it be a nerve agent say , tabun or sarin ? ’
‘ could it be a nerve [person] say , tabun or sarin ? ’

Thus , the primary agent and institutional focus of economic transnational practices is the transnational corporation .
thus , the primary [person] and institutional focus of economic transnational practices is the transnational corporation .

The theory of the global system being developed in this book proposes that the primary agent in the political sphere is a still-evolving transnational capitalist class .
the theory of the global system being developed in this book proposes that the primary [person] in the political sphere is a still-evolving transnational capitalist class .

Mycobacterium paratuberculosis is the causative agent of Johne 's disease , a chronic enteritis in ruminants and in other animals .
mycobacterium paratuberculosis is the causative [person] of johne 's disease , a chronic enteritis in ruminants and in other animals .

There are families in whom the two conditions coexist raising the possibility that they share a similar genetic predisposition and possibly a common transmissable agent such as a mycobacterium .
there are families in whom the two conditions coexist raising the possibility that they share a similar genetic predisposition and possibly a common transmissable [person] such as a mycobacterium .

Thus , despite the widespread use of intravenous heparin no patency data so far support the additional use of this agent once full-dose aspirin has been given with streptokinase or anistreplase .
thus , despite the widespread use of intravenous heparin no patency data so far support the additional use of this [person] once full-dose aspirin has been given with streptokinase or anistreplase .

The duke 's role as the leading royal agent in the north brought a merging of his connection with that of the crown , not only within the duchy of Lancaster but also , to some extent , in the areas where Gloucester had less direct interests .
the duke 's role as the leading royal [person] in the north brought a merging of his connection with that of the crown , not only within the duchy of lancaster but also , to some extent , in the areas where gloucester had less direct interests .

The king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to transfer that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of Gloucester 's role as his brother 's agent in the north .
the king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to transfer that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of gloucester 's role as his brother 's [person] in the north .

His key agent in the region , Sir James Tyrell of Gipping , was an outsider , as were at least two more of his officials : his constable of Ogmore , William Houghton of Birtsmorton ( Worcs . )
his key [person] in the region , sir james tyrell of gipping , was an outsider , as were at least two more of his officials : his constable of ogmore , william houghton of birtsmorton ( worcs . )

It is commonly believed that the intestinal microflora plays some role in the pathogenesis of ulcerative colitis but no aetiological agent has been identified and there are only relatively minor alterations to the balance of the faecal flora .
it is commonly believed that the intestinal microflora plays some role in the pathogenesis of ulcerative colitis but no aetiological [person] has been identified and there are only relatively minor alterations to the balance of the faecal flora .

The second aim was to assess whether , as a bulking agent , psyllium could modify echographic gastric emptying time and , in parallel , sensations of hunger and satiety .
the second aim was to assess whether , as a bulking [person] , psyllium could modify echographic gastric emptying time and , in parallel , sensations of hunger and satiety .

In this study the role of histamine as a mitogenic agent for tumours in the gastrointestinal tract was investigated to discover if cimetidine may block such proliferation enhancing effects .
in this study the role of histamine as a mitogenic [person] for tumours in the gastrointestinal tract was investigated to discover if cimetidine may block such proliferation enhancing effects .

These studies showed that a humoral agent present in the venous effluent during luminal administration of bile , inhibited motor activity in isolated segments of terminal ileum .
these studies showed that a humoral [person] present in the venous effluent during luminal administration of bile , inhibited motor activity in isolated segments of terminal ileum .

Biliary sludge contains cholesterol crystals , calcium bilirubinate granules , and very high concentrations of mucin glycoprotein , a putative nucleating agent .
biliary sludge contains cholesterol crystals , calcium bilirubinate granules , and very high concentrations of mucin glycoprotein , a putative nucleating [person] .

Pneumocystis carinii was the causal agent in 11 ( 8 % ) patients .
pneumocystis carinii was the causal [person] in 11 ( 8 % ) patients .

Murine monoclonal antibodies conjugated with plasminogen activators may be valuable for targeting the therapeutic agent to thrombus .
murine monoclonal antibodies conjugated with plasminogen activators may be valuable for targeting the therapeutic [person] to thrombus .

Initial evaluation of this agent 's thrombolytic properties in dogs gave discouraging results and further interest in the development of staphylokinase as a thrombolytic agent diminishes .
initial evaluation of this [person] 's thrombolytic properties in dogs gave discouraging results and further interest in the development of staphylokinase as a thrombolytic [person] diminishes .

His agent phoned him last week .
his [person] phoned him last week .

Patients were excluded from the study if they had received mithramycin , calcitonin , steroids , or any other antihypercalcaemic agent within 14 days ; received chemotherapy within 14 days , or had a change or introduction of hormone treatment within 6 weeks ; a serum creatinine 200 mol/L after hydration ; or were pregnant .
patients were excluded from the study if they had received mithramycin , calcitonin , steroids , or any other antihypercalcaemic [person] within 14 days ; received chemotherapy within 14 days , or had a change or introduction of hormone treatment within 6 weeks ; a serum creatinine 200 mol/l after hydration ; or were pregnant .

It is tempting to speculate that this factor may be early childhood sun exposure , which not only causes development of large numbers of naevi but also acts as an initiating agent for later development of melanoma .
it is tempting to speculate that this factor may be early childhood sun exposure , which not only causes development of large numbers of naevi but also acts as an initiating [person] for later development of melanoma .

Ideally the agent should reduce bleeding sufficiently to allow the patient to undergo surgery without the need for blood transfusion and should obviate the risk of postoperative anaemia .
ideally the [person] should reduce bleeding sufficiently to allow the patient to undergo surgery without the need for blood transfusion and should obviate the risk of postoperative anaemia .

In large studies there is no evidence of increased mortality when either class of agent was used , but what about morbidity ?
in large studies there is no evidence of increased mortality when either class of [person] was used , but what about morbidity ?

We need more information about which agent and dose is appropriate for all these compounds , and we also need to know more about their efficacy in reducing the need for donor blood and their safety profile in high-risk procedures .
we need more information about which [person] and dose is appropriate for all these compounds , and we also need to know more about their efficacy in reducing the need for donor blood and their safety profile in high-risk procedures .

For familiarity and safety , lignocaine is the agent of first choice .
for familiarity and safety , lignocaine is the [person] of first choice .

Bicarbonate , widely used before 1986 , is no longer regarded as a first-line therapeutic agent except when cardiac arrest is due to documented hyperkalaemia .
bicarbonate , widely used before 1986 , is no longer regarded as a first-line therapeutic [person] except when cardiac arrest is due to documented hyperkalaemia .

Calcium chloride , formerly widely administered during cardiac arrest , is likewise no longer regarded as a first-line agent except in the treatment of hyperkalaemia , hypocalcaemia , or calcium channel blocker toxicity .
calcium chloride , formerly widely administered during cardiac arrest , is likewise no longer regarded as a first-line [person] except in the treatment of hyperkalaemia , hypocalcaemia , or calcium channel blocker toxicity .

Mrs Burger interrupted : ‘ With good reason ! The girl had been seeing a lot of another young man , an estate agent called Jose , and that association continued after the marriage — long after ! Long enough to explain Francis also . ’
mrs burger interrupted : ‘ with good reason ! the girl had been seeing a lot of another young man , an estate [person] called jose , and that association continued after the marriage — long after ! long enough to explain francis also . ’

The dedicated agent .
the dedicated [person] .

The Goering flight did not happen , but even as an agent , Edward Carrington was never able to find out why .
the goering flight did not happen , but even as an [person] , edward carrington was never able to find out why .

It emerged that Ribbentrop had accused Birger Dahlerus the Swede of being a British agent — which in a way he was — but that the Fuhrer luckily had ignored it .
it emerged that ribbentrop had accused birger dahlerus the swede of being a british [person] — which in a way he was — but that the fuhrer luckily had ignored it .

‘ Self-confidence is of the greatest importance in an agent .
‘ self-confidence is of the greatest importance in an [person] .

Edward Carrington , with heavy heart but great determination , threw himself into his training as an agent .
edward carrington , with heavy heart but great determination , threw himself into his training as an [person] .

Had she been a foreign agent , she could not have done it better .
had she been a foreign [person] , she could not have done it better .

For him , after the Venlo fiasco , being a British agent meant reading newspapers in Swedish , Danish and Norwegian , studying reports , poring over decodes , analysing situations .
for him , after the venlo fiasco , being a british [person] meant reading newspapers in swedish , danish and norwegian , studying reports , poring over decodes , analysing situations .

Foley looked like anything in the world except a secret agent .
foley looked like anything in the world except a secret [person] .

Why not approach us through the proper services , through an agent , me for instance ?
why not approach us through the proper services , through an [person] , me for instance ?

‘ Why bother ? Why explain ? You 're a free agent , are n't you , sir ? ’
‘ why bother ? why explain ? you 're a free [person] , are n't you , sir ? ’

Case 1 : Metal + Oxide of carbon — Metal oxide + Carbon For example In this case the metal acts as a reducing agent .
case 1 : metal + oxide of carbon — metal oxide + carbon for example in this case the metal acts as a reducing [person] .

Altogether six staff including the directors and one agent are now employed in Sweden .
altogether six staff including the directors and one [person] are now employed in sweden .

As a surprise , his mother and father , together with his travel agent friend ( who became best man ) arrived unannounced at his hotel the day before .
as a surprise , his mother and father , together with his travel [person] friend ( who became best man ) arrived unannounced at his hotel the day before .

’ it 's so inconvenient of him to get ill just now , ’ says his agent , only half-Joking .
’ it 's so inconvenient of him to get ill just now , ’ says his [person] , only half-joking .

Although retired , Trevor continues to take an interest in the Stoddard Group as an agent for Lyles , keeping in touch with those he has known for many years .
although retired , trevor continues to take an interest in the stoddard group as an [person] for lyles , keeping in touch with those he has known for many years .

Six staff and one agent make up the full complement which , as Anders Falkman said , ‘ has strength in a team approach , it is all hands on deck and a good atmosphere ’ .
six staff and one [person] make up the full complement which , as anders falkman said , ‘ has strength in a team approach , it is all hands on deck and a good atmosphere ’ .

Trevor Clemmett , recently retired from the Stoddard Templeton sales force , has stayed within the group as agent for Cambridge , Norfolk , Suffolk and Bedfordshire .
trevor clemmett , recently retired from the stoddard templeton sales force , has stayed within the group as [person] for cambridge , norfolk , suffolk and bedfordshire .

On the joint Stoddard Mercia/Sekers Fabric stand at Decorex , ( one of the main interior design exhibitions in London ) are ( left to right ) , Terry Mooney , Sekers Contract Sales Agent for Scotland ; Kim Dyas , London contract Manager ; Miss Sarah Barton , Sekers Contract Sales Representative and John Reeves , Contract Representative .
on the joint stoddard mercia/sekers fabric stand at decorex , ( one of the main interior design exhibitions in london ) are ( left to right ) , terry mooney , sekers contract sales [person] for scotland ; kim dyas , london contract manager ; miss sarah barton , sekers contract sales representative and john reeves , contract representative .

For the past ten years , Bill has been with Lyle Carpets as Sales Agent for the Midlands Region .
for the past ten years , bill has been with lyle carpets as sales [person] for the midlands region .

Responsibility for cost control should rest with the site agent or contract manager .
responsibility for cost control should rest with the site [person] or contract manager .

This is particularly important when discussions take place between different levels , for example between the engineer and the contractor 's head office and between the resident engineer and the site agent .
this is particularly important when discussions take place between different levels , for example between the engineer and the contractor 's head office and between the resident engineer and the site [person] .

Call in at a Booking Agent .
call in at a booking [person] .

But he was prepared to act as Guntram 's agent in his dealings with bishop Theodore of Marseilles .
but he was prepared to act as guntram 's [person] in his dealings with bishop theodore of marseilles .

An issuer will need to appoint an issue and paying agent , to be responsible for the safekeeping of bearer notes , completing and authenticating the notes prior to issue and handling the payment flows between the issuer and holder at issue and at maturity .
an issuer will need to appoint an issue and paying [person] , to be responsible for the safekeeping of bearer notes , completing and authenticating the notes prior to issue and handling the payment flows between the issuer and holder at issue and at maturity .

Until the mid-seventeenth century the essential distinction ( oversimplifying somewhat ) was that between ambassadors , either ordinary ones resident for some length of time or extraordinary ones sent for some special and limited purpose , and lesser diplomatic representatives referred to by a variety of different titles — resident , minister , agent , etc .
until the mid-seventeenth century the essential distinction ( oversimplifying somewhat ) was that between ambassadors , either ordinary ones resident for some length of time or extraordinary ones sent for some special and limited purpose , and lesser diplomatic representatives referred to by a variety of different titles — resident , minister , [person] , etc .

The humble agent had now virtually disappeared , and where he survived was not seen as having any diplomatic status ; but relatively new categories of chargé d'affaires and secretary of embassy or of legation were appearing .
the humble [person] had now virtually disappeared , and where he survived was not seen as having any diplomatic status ; but relatively new categories of chargé d'affaires and secretary of embassy or of legation were appearing .

In the following year the duc de Richelieu , the French chief minister , sent an agent to Switzerland , Germany and the Kingdom of the Netherlands to report on the press there and the possibility of France influencing it in her favour .
in the following year the duc de richelieu , the french chief minister , sent an [person] to switzerland , germany and the kingdom of the netherlands to report on the press there and the possibility of france influencing it in her favour .

Even in Britain in the last years of the nineteenth century a high foreign office official had fairly frequent interviews , on the instructions of Lord Salisbury , the prime minister and foreign secretary , with Reuter 's agent in London and gave him selected information considered helpful to British policy .
even in britain in the last years of the nineteenth century a high foreign office official had fairly frequent interviews , on the instructions of lord salisbury , the prime minister and foreign secretary , with reuter 's [person] in london and gave him selected information considered helpful to british policy .

John Dalton was the younger son of a Lancashire family who feathered his nest by dubious means while carrying out the office of agent for the Earl of Lancaster as constable of Pickering Castle , a position he lost in 1322 as a result of the unsuccessful rebellion of the earl who was subsequently executed .
john dalton was the younger son of a lancashire family who feathered his nest by dubious means while carrying out the office of [person] for the earl of lancaster as constable of pickering castle , a position he lost in 1322 as a result of the unsuccessful rebellion of the earl who was subsequently executed .

Buying , selling , subscribing for or underwriting investments or offering or agreeing to do so , either as principal or as an agent
buying , selling , subscribing for or underwriting investments or offering or agreeing to do so , either as principal or as an [person]

buying or selling as agent for a client , options , future or contracts for differences unless the transaction is effected with or through and Authorised third party
buying or selling as [person] for a client , options , future or contracts for differences unless the transaction is effected with or through and authorised third party

We would generally issue these advertisements as agent for the vendor .
we would generally issue these advertisements as [person] for the vendor .

declare whether they are acting as principal or agent .
declare whether they are acting as principal or [person] .

Explain in your memo whether Network members can obtain success-based remuneration from you , the vendor of the business , or from the vendor 's agent , or whether network members must make their own fee arrangements with prospective purchasers .
explain in your memo whether network members can obtain success-based remuneration from you , the vendor of the business , or from the vendor 's [person] , or whether network members must make their own fee arrangements with prospective purchasers .

The acquirer or any foreign party is likely to be asked to submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appoint an agent in England for the purposes of the agreement .
the acquirer or any foreign party is likely to be asked to submit to the jurisdiction of the english courts and appoint an [person] in england for the purposes of the agreement .

The agreement usually provides that if necessary consents have not been obtained , the contract or asset will not be transferred to the acquirer but the acquirer will perform the contract or enter the property ( subject to the terms of the lease ) as the agent of the offeree .
the agreement usually provides that if necessary consents have not been obtained , the contract or asset will not be transferred to the acquirer but the acquirer will perform the contract or enter the property ( subject to the terms of the lease ) as the [person] of the offeree .

We will usually aim to ensure that any document containing financial and other information issued by the firm as agent to a small group of potential investors , which the firm will generally need to approve as an authorised person under the Financial Services Act , does not fall foul of the prospectus provisions of the companies Act 1985 .
we will usually aim to ensure that any document containing financial and other information issued by the firm as [person] to a small group of potential investors , which the firm will generally need to approve as an authorised person under the financial services act , does not fall foul of the prospectus provisions of the companies act 1985 .

The making of the Offer for and on behalf and as an agent for Client ; and
the making of the offer for and on behalf and as an [person] for client ; and

You should note that [ Selling agent ] and the vendors reserve the right to :
you should note that [ selling [person] ] and the vendors reserve the right to :

The memorandum has been prepared by [ selling agent ] solely for the purpose of providing selected information on a confidential basis to prospective investors .
the memorandum has been prepared by [ selling [person] ] solely for the purpose of providing selected information on a confidential basis to prospective investors .

Interested parties should advise [ selling agent ] in writing no later than [ 6pm ] London time on [ date ] that , subject to further investigations , they have a bona fide interest , at a specific price level in making an acquisition proposal for the shares in [ name ] .
interested parties should advise [ selling [person] ] in writing no later than [ 6pm ] london time on [ date ] that , subject to further investigations , they have a bona fide interest , at a specific price level in making an acquisition proposal for the shares in [ name ] .

Based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .
based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling [person] ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .

Any enquiries relating to the information memorandum or this letter should be directed only to [ selling agent ] .
any enquiries relating to the information memorandum or this letter should be directed only to [ selling [person] ] .

If at any time you should decide not to pursue your interest in [ name ] or upon request by [ selling agent ] or any one of the shareholders you will return promptly all material ( including any copies thereof ) received from [ selling agent ] or the shareholders , or any of their representatives .
if at any time you should decide not to pursue your interest in [ name ] or upon request by [ selling [person] ] or any one of the shareholders you will return promptly all material ( including any copies thereof ) received from [ selling [person] ] or the shareholders , or any of their representatives .

You confirm that you are acting in this matter as principal and not as agent or broker for any other party .
you confirm that you are acting in this matter as principal and not as [person] or broker for any other party .

We acknowledge that your role as advisers to the proposed sale of part or all of the company is as agent for the shareholders and not as auditors .
we acknowledge that your role as advisers to the proposed sale of part or all of the company is as [person] for the shareholders and not as auditors .

Known to Grant and Springfield as Doctor Sung , to the sect membership as Archangel Michael , to his fellow sect leaders as Angel One , and to his Triad masters as Agent Red Sixteen , he was truly a shadow warrior of many guises .
known to grant and springfield as doctor sung , to the sect membership as archangel michael , to his fellow sect leaders as angel one , and to his triad masters as [person] red sixteen , he was truly a shadow warrior of many guises .

Further , in this particular case , not only had the Controller seen fit to over-rule his Director , but had only permitted a mere four days recuperation period to allow his fallen agent to recover from his injuries .
further , in this particular case , not only had the controller seen fit to over-rule his director , but had only permitted a mere four days recuperation period to allow his fallen [person] to recover from his injuries .

He eyed the Controller coldly and the younger man quailed visibly as his superior continued , his tone now dripping with acid , ‘ What is important , however , is that Agent Red Sixteen is most resourceful and extremely ruthless .
he eyed the controller coldly and the younger man quailed visibly as his superior continued , his tone now dripping with acid , ‘ what is important , however , is that [person] red sixteen is most resourceful and extremely ruthless .

It recognises the fundamental importance of migration as an agent of economic development and social change and the major significance of the policy issues arising from mismatches between the changing distribution of people and those of jobs , housing and other facilities .
it recognises the fundamental importance of migration as an [person] of economic development and social change and the major significance of the policy issues arising from mismatches between the changing distribution of people and those of jobs , housing and other facilities .

Thematically , in a the subject is the agent of the action and the object is the patient , in b the subject is the patient and it is not necessary to express the agent .
thematically , in a the subject is the [person] of the action and the object is the patient , in b the subject is the patient and it is not necessary to express the [person] .

The model will simulate a ‘ linguistic agent ’ able to generate and interpret discourse relating to a specific task .
the model will simulate a ‘ linguistic [person] ’ able to generate and interpret discourse relating to a specific task .

It is not known whether the proper flow of information needed for those co-ordinating tasks is best ensured by continuing present practices , by having a human agent ( say a housekeeper or ward clerk ) , or by provision of some technological assistance ( say a small cheap microcomputer system or some form of electronic mail ) .
it is not known whether the proper flow of information needed for those co-ordinating tasks is best ensured by continuing present practices , by having a human [person] ( say a housekeeper or ward clerk ) , or by provision of some technological assistance ( say a small cheap microcomputer system or some form of electronic mail ) .

The 26-year-old was a free agent having been given a free transfer by the Scottish Premier League club , and flew to Belfast on Friday to complete the deal .
the 26-year-old was a free [person] having been given a free transfer by the scottish premier league club , and flew to belfast on friday to complete the deal .

Hopefully with Mick O'Toole 's son Kieran acting as agent the rides should soon mount up and with them will come the winners .
hopefully with mick o'toole 's son kieran acting as [person] the rides should soon mount up and with them will come the winners .

Businesses , including several clothes shops , a pub , and an estate agent , lay in tatters .
businesses , including several clothes shops , a pub , and an estate [person] , lay in tatters .

His agent confirmed the meetings were to discuss voice training .
his [person] confirmed the meetings were to discuss voice training .

Initially , then , on being approached to promote an order , it is the task of the agent to confirm that the order is in fact viable , that is to say , that the objects of the order can not be achieved without an order confirmed by parliament — that it can not be done by other means .
initially , then , on being approached to promote an order , it is the task of the [person] to confirm that the order is in fact viable , that is to say , that the objects of the order can not be achieved without an order confirmed by parliament — that it can not be done by other means .

The next stage in promotion is that the agent would normally consult on the content of the proposed order , on the likelihood of opposition to the order , and on whether the Secretary of State would be likely to accede to the powers sought .
the next stage in promotion is that the [person] would normally consult on the content of the proposed order , on the likelihood of opposition to the order , and on whether the secretary of state would be likely to accede to the powers sought .

It may also be that the agent would be asked to advise on the cost , and , as with civil legislation , costs in parliamentary matters can in appropriate cases be taxed under the House of Commons Costs Taxation Act , 1847 , and the 1849 Act on similar lines for the House of Lords , the only difference in Scotland being that taxation is done by the Auditor of the Court of Session .
it may also be that the [person] would be asked to advise on the cost , and , as with civil legislation , costs in parliamentary matters can in appropriate cases be taxed under the house of commons costs taxation act , 1847 , and the 1849 act on similar lines for the house of lords , the only difference in scotland being that taxation is done by the auditor of the court of session .

The next step is to furnish a first draft of the proposed order and to settle the draft in due course , and in drawing the order the agent has particular regard to the value of precedents and a number of model clauses promulgated by the model clauses committee in parliament .
the next step is to furnish a first draft of the proposed order and to settle the draft in due course , and in drawing the order the [person] has particular regard to the value of precedents and a number of model clauses promulgated by the model clauses committee in parliament .

For the benefit of the clients , and also for the orderly conduct of the promotion , the agent will normally supply a table of steps , setting out clearly the various procedural steps required by the General Orders , in chronological order , and showing who precisely will be responsible for each step ; most of the steps are taken by the agent , but in some cases local newspaper advertisement and local service is undertaken by the client .
for the benefit of the clients , and also for the orderly conduct of the promotion , the [person] will normally supply a table of steps , setting out clearly the various procedural steps required by the general orders , in chronological order , and showing who precisely will be responsible for each step ; most of the steps are taken by the [person] , but in some cases local newspaper advertisement and local service is undertaken by the client .

Next it is necessary for the agent to attend before the Examiners in parliament to satisfy them that the General Orders have been complied with , and this constitutes a heavy responsibility because the effect of non-compliance can be serious .
next it is necessary for the [person] to attend before the examiners in parliament to satisfy them that the general orders have been complied with , and this constitutes a heavy responsibility because the effect of non-compliance can be serious .

The petitioning period expires , in the case of a November order on 22nd January and in the case of a March order on 23rd May , and the agent would normally then report to the client on petitions received , examine the petitions and advise on the action taken to settle them or to meet them in the inquiry .
the petitioning period expires , in the case of a november order on 22nd january and in the case of a march order on 23rd may , and the [person] would normally then report to the client on petitions received , examine the petitions and advise on the action taken to settle them or to meet them in the inquiry .

In the end , if the order is unopposed the agent will satisfy Counsel to the Secretary of State on points of concern to the Scottish Office and to government departments — points of principle , points of law , etc .
in the end , if the order is unopposed the [person] will satisfy counsel to the secretary of state on points of concern to the scottish office and to government departments — points of principle , points of law , etc .

This is a formal step which may be taken by the agent or by the local solicitor .
this is a formal step which may be taken by the [person] or by the local solicitor .

At the confirmation stage the agent really has very little function because the necessary steps are taken by the Secretary of State .
at the confirmation stage the [person] really has very little function because the necessary steps are taken by the secretary of state .

At the hearing there is a right of audience for counsel or for the agent — usually exercised only by counsel , and indeed sometimes the parliamentary agent is not even involved at the inquiry stage .
at the hearing there is a right of audience for counsel or for the [person] — usually exercised only by counsel , and indeed sometimes the parliamentary [person] is not even involved at the inquiry stage .

In the role of opposition to an order promoted by someone else , the functions of the parliamentary agent are as follows .
in the role of opposition to an order promoted by someone else , the functions of the parliamentary [person] are as follows .

The agent will examine the offending order and discuss it with his clients , in particular as to the precise grounds of objection and whether the client indeed has a locus standi to object .
the [person] will examine the offending order and discuss it with his clients , in particular as to the precise grounds of objection and whether the client indeed has a locus standi to object .

Following the outcome of the inquiry ( if successful ) it is of some importance that the parliamentary agent follows the order through its-final stages so as to report that amendments , etc , have indeed been implemented .
following the outcome of the inquiry ( if successful ) it is of some importance that the parliamentary [person] follows the order through its-final stages so as to report that amendments , etc , have indeed been implemented .

It has in the past happened that a client has been advised by the agent to amend an order , has entirely agreed with that advice , but has at the same time pointed out that his authority does not extend to giving a final decision , and this can be awkward .
it has in the past happened that a client has been advised by the [person] to amend an order , has entirely agreed with that advice , but has at the same time pointed out that his authority does not extend to giving a final decision , and this can be awkward .

The desirability of ‘ tying up ’ a settlement in one parcel sometimes give rise to a problem for the parliamentary agent in drafting the legislation , the question being whether to put in a protective clause at the outset , or to omit it and negotiate a settlement of such a clause for insertion at a later stage .
the desirability of ‘ tying up ’ a settlement in one parcel sometimes give rise to a problem for the parliamentary [person] in drafting the legislation , the question being whether to put in a protective clause at the outset , or to omit it and negotiate a settlement of such a clause for insertion at a later stage .

While the law as to imputing to a principal the knowledge acquired by his agent in the course of the business about which the agent is employed is at points confused ( see Bowstead , Agency , 13th edn , Article 112 and pp 356–7 ) , it would have been difficult in the circumstances of the case to withhold the concession .
while the law as to imputing to a principal the knowledge acquired by his [person] in the course of the business about which the [person] is employed is at points confused ( see bowstead , agency , 13th edn , article 112 and pp 356–7 ) , it would have been difficult in the circumstances of the case to withhold the concession .

‘ If the agent says something about a house it must be verified .
‘ if the [person] says something about a house it must be verified .

It seems to me , from a number of recent papers ( and from common sense ) that the rare event is becoming more and more recognised as an important agent of recent sedimentation .
it seems to me , from a number of recent papers ( and from common sense ) that the rare event is becoming more and more recognised as an important [person] of recent sedimentation .

In other words , the rare hurricane is likely to be the main agent recorded in the stratigraphical column of certain parts of the world , even in our present climatic set-up .
in other words , the rare hurricane is likely to be the main [person] recorded in the stratigraphical column of certain parts of the world , even in our present climatic set-up .

She was able to act as a reconciling agent in a way no one could ever have foreseen .
she was able to act as a reconciling [person] in a way no one could ever have foreseen .

The seller can not rely on any exclusion clause , no matter what liability it claims to exclude , to the extent that he or his agent has misrepresented the effect of the clause .
the seller can not rely on any exclusion clause , no matter what liability it claims to exclude , to the extent that he or his [person] has misrepresented the effect of the clause .

‘ ( 1 ) The unpaid seller of goods loses his lien or right of retention in respect of them ( a ) when he delivers the goods to a carrier or other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer without reserving the right of disposal of the goods ; ( b ) when the buyer or his agent lawfully obtains possession of the goods , ( c ) by waiver of the lien or right of retention . ’
‘ ( 1 ) the unpaid seller of goods loses his lien or right of retention in respect of them ( a ) when he delivers the goods to a carrier or other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer without reserving the right of disposal of the goods ; ( b ) when the buyer or his [person] lawfully obtains possession of the goods , ( c ) by waiver of the lien or right of retention . ’

An auctioneer is agent to sell goods on behalf of their owner .
an auctioneer is [person] to sell goods on behalf of their owner .

An individual was persuaded to join the scheme as a ‘ distributor ’ ( or ‘ agent ’ or ‘ representative ’ or whatever ) .
an individual was persuaded to join the scheme as a ‘ distributor ’ ( or ‘ [person] ’ or ‘ representative ’ or whatever ) .

The question of to what extent the dealer in dealing with the customer is agent of the finance company will be discussed in Chapter 22 .
the question of to what extent the dealer in dealing with the customer is [person] of the finance company will be discussed in chapter 22 .

Quitting after a fracas he had gone to work as a literary agent and had prospered .
quitting after a fracas he had gone to work as a literary [person] and had prospered .

For example , the general law requires an agent to account to a principal for any profit made e.g .
for example , the general law requires an [person] to account to a principal for any profit made e.g .

As secret agent 006 and a half your mission is to parachute down to a high security island and secure the plans to the ultimate satellite laser weapon .
as secret [person] 006 and a half your mission is to parachute down to a high security island and secure the plans to the ultimate satellite laser weapon .

Christie 's agent was unaware of the race last night but the sprinter announced on Friday he was shelving plans for a £250,000 race against Carl Lewis and — as Super Sport forecast last month — the clash will place next year .
christie 's [person] was unaware of the race last night but the sprinter announced on friday he was shelving plans for a £250,000 race against carl lewis and — as super sport forecast last month — the clash will place next year .

Art 's agent in America , Bob Duvet , said : ‘ Hollywood loves him .
art 's [person] in america , bob duvet , said : ‘ hollywood loves him .

Spielberg 's agent had insisted that Sridevi would have to stay in America for a year of rehearsals and shooting schedules .
spielberg 's [person] had insisted that sridevi would have to stay in america for a year of rehearsals and shooting schedules .

Patent Agent
patent [person]

‘ You 've hired an enquiry agent ? ’ Gina 's voice rose in amazement as , uncertain whether to be horrified or impressed , she met his smug expression .
‘ you 've hired an enquiry [person] ? ’ gina 's voice rose in amazement as , uncertain whether to be horrified or impressed , she met his smug expression .

‘ It appears there 'd been a big row and a parting of the ways before my agent tracked them down , but my premise was right : they 'd been staying with one of Svend 's college friends at his parents ’ apartment on the outskirts of the city .
‘ it appears there 'd been a big row and a parting of the ways before my [person] tracked them down , but my premise was right : they 'd been staying with one of svend 's college friends at his parents ’ apartment on the outskirts of the city .

‘ The first Svend knew that there was a search on for Suzie and himself was when my agent arrived at the house earlier this evening , ’ Rune told her calmly as he sorted through a small pile of leaflets . ‘ Svend was watching television and nursing his broken heart , trying to work out how he could go back home without losing face , when he was forced to realise the amount of trouble and disruption he and his erstwhile girlfriend had caused on all fronts ! ’
‘ the first svend knew that there was a search on for suzie and himself was when my [person] arrived at the house earlier this evening , ’ rune told her calmly as he sorted through a small pile of leaflets . ‘ svend was watching television and nursing his broken heart , trying to work out how he could go back home without losing face , when he was forced to realise the amount of trouble and disruption he and his erstwhile girlfriend had caused on all fronts ! ’

An agent spotted the 18-year-old from Croydon in an airport queue — and since then Kate has become a real high-gloss jet-setter .
an [person] spotted the 18-year-old from croydon in an airport queue — and since then kate has become a real high-gloss jet-setter .

And the anxious mum of one of the women — travel agent Michelle Hooper — told of her fears .
and the anxious mum of one of the women — travel [person] michelle hooper — told of her fears .

An agent 's life
an [person] 's life

John Pawsey describes a week in the life of a literary agent .
john pawsey describes a week in the life of a literary [person] .

All seemed relatively simple at the start , recalls literary agent Alexandra Cann .
all seemed relatively simple at the start , recalls literary [person] alexandra cann .

British readers are likely to be particularly interested in the Pearl Harbor chapter , which backs up the story of Dusan Popov , a wartime double agent , that he had been sent to warn the Americans that the Japanese were planning to attack the naval base .
british readers are likely to be particularly interested in the pearl harbor chapter , which backs up the story of dusan popov , a wartime double [person] , that he had been sent to warn the americans that the japanese were planning to attack the naval base .

The agent is Vivien Green at Richard Scott Simon .
the [person] is vivien green at richard scott simon .

Penny Hoare , also at Sinclair-Stevenson , has commissioned the ‘ first gull biography ’ of Herbert von Karajan , to be written by Richard Osborne ; the agent is Caroline Dawnay at Peters , Fraser & Dunlop .
penny hoare , also at sinclair-stevenson , has commissioned the ‘ first gull biography ’ of herbert von karajan , to be written by richard osborne ; the [person] is caroline dawnay at peters , fraser & dunlop .

Hodder has world rights ( there is no agent ) , and paid a ‘ very fair ’ advance for publication in 1995/96 .
hodder has world rights ( there is no [person] ) , and paid a ‘ very fair ’ advance for publication in 1995/96 .

Christopher Sinclair-Stevenson has commissioned Ned Sherrin to write a sage about a theatrical family , set in England , America and Australia , and has world English rights ; the agent is Rivers Scott at Scott Ferris .
christopher sinclair-stevenson has commissioned ned sherrin to write a sage about a theatrical family , set in england , america and australia , and has world english rights ; the [person] is rivers scott at scott ferris .

The current members of the Children 's Book Circle committee , from left Sara Domville ( Reed ) , Mark Hutchinson ( Gollancz ) , Suzanne Carnell ( Penguin ) , David Morton ( HarperCollins ) , Liz Comstock-Smith ( literary agent ) , Anne Sarrag ( Book Bus ) , Francesca Dow ( Orchard ) , and Clarissa Cridland ( Pan Macmillan ) .
the current members of the children 's book circle committee , from left sara domville ( reed ) , mark hutchinson ( gollancz ) , suzanne carnell ( penguin ) , david morton ( harpercollins ) , liz comstock-smith ( literary [person] ) , anne sarrag ( book bus ) , francesca dow ( orchard ) , and clarissa cridland ( pan macmillan ) .

Used in this way , the computer has become a valuable background resource in British schools rather than an agent of revolutionary change .
used in this way , the computer has become a valuable background resource in british schools rather than an [person] of revolutionary change .

Stewart Stevenson ( also an agent for Lyles Carpets ) is responsible for Norther Ireland reporting directly to the Field Sales Director , and their is one agent employed for Devon and Cornwall .
stewart stevenson ( also an [person] for lyles carpets ) is responsible for norther ireland reporting directly to the field sales director , and their is one [person] employed for devon and cornwall .

During Head of the Family 's stage run , Sarah Long 's agent , Adza Vincent , watched a performance and was so impressed with the promise shown by Crawford that she put him on her books .
during head of the family 's stage run , sarah long 's [person] , adza vincent , watched a performance and was so impressed with the promise shown by crawford that she put him on her books .

Ken McReddie , an actor and assistant stage manager at the Playhouse , who has since become a theatrical agent , remembered Crawford being ‘ very energetic and noticeably good ’ , but there were other memories , too .
ken mcreddie , an actor and assistant stage manager at the playhouse , who has since become a theatrical [person] , remembered crawford being ‘ very energetic and noticeably good ’ , but there were other memories , too .

‘ His agent was sent a script and it was turned down .
‘ his [person] was sent a script and it was turned down .

We all enjoyed a lovely , fun evening and wish well in the future and continued success as a Agent .
we all enjoyed a lovely , fun evening and wish well in the future and continued success as a [person] .

Mr Mafouz , a big , jolly man who worked for a travel agent , was compiling a dossier on him .
mr mafouz , a big , jolly man who worked for a travel [person] , was compiling a dossier on him .

Last week the ever amiable travel agent had asked him ‘ how much ’ the Oxford entrance exam was ‘ compared with what they 're asking in Sussex or Cambridge . ’
last week the ever amiable travel [person] had asked him ‘ how much ’ the oxford entrance exam was ‘ compared with what they 're asking in sussex or cambridge . ’

Finally the travel agent 's son let go of the ball .
finally the travel [person] 's son let go of the ball .

’ The travel agent was almost definitely slipping him something , thought Robert .
’ the travel [person] was almost definitely slipping him something , thought robert .

Sometimes , for example , the id refers to a section of the mind , at other times it appears to be alluding to a whole person or agent .
sometimes , for example , the id refers to a section of the mind , at other times it appears to be alluding to a whole person or [person] .

Freud writes , for example , of the ego 's ‘ wish to sleep ’ , although while asleep it stays on duty' to protect against the worst emanations of the unconscious , ‘ guarding ’ the sleep of the dreamer … Whose sleep is it the ego desires ? The agent 's ? Its own ? ’ .
freud writes , for example , of the ego 's ‘ wish to sleep ’ , although while asleep it stays on duty' to protect against the worst emanations of the unconscious , ‘ guarding ’ the sleep of the dreamer … whose sleep is it the ego desires ? the [person] 's ? its own ? ’ .

Giddens achieves this by locating an understanding of the human agent ( and the drive for ontological security ) in the context of social structures and social processes .
giddens achieves this by locating an understanding of the human [person] ( and the drive for ontological security ) in the context of social structures and social processes .

Modifying Freud 's understanding of the human agent means first that he is trying to understand the attempt of human beings to place some order on to the natural and social world under conditions of ‘ time-space distantiation ’ .
modifying freud 's understanding of the human [person] means first that he is trying to understand the attempt of human beings to place some order on to the natural and social world under conditions of ‘ time-space distantiation ’ .

Each agent has a telephone number .
each [person] has a telephone number .

Each and every act of every agent comes out of this machine .
each and every act of every [person] comes out of this machine .

‘ Do n't let him hear you say that , ’ she said , ‘ or he 'll get his guns out and demonstrate the ‘ Border spin ’ and the ‘ Road Agent 's shift ’ . ’
‘ do n't let him hear you say that , ’ she said , ‘ or he 'll get his guns out and demonstrate the ‘ border spin ’ and the ‘ road [person] 's shift ’ . ’

‘ The Border shift and the Road Agent 's spin , ’ Harvey corrected wearily .
‘ the border shift and the road [person] 's spin , ’ harvey corrected wearily .

Only the agent from Dean 's Yard the one person Maxim recognised was leaning forward and looking eager among his seniors .
only the [person] from dean 's yard the one person maxim recognised was leaning forward and looking eager among his seniors .

Similarly it was in a private letter that a Cornish mine agent wrote in 1793 : The common tinners continue to be very refractory and insolent : many of them refuse to work , and have not gone underground for three weeks past — They have no cause for it for their wages have been rather too high lately than otherwise ; the consequence has been too much brandy drinking and other bad practices .
similarly it was in a private letter that a cornish mine [person] wrote in 1793 : the common tinners continue to be very refractory and insolent : many of them refuse to work , and have not gone underground for three weeks past — they have no cause for it for their wages have been rather too high lately than otherwise ; the consequence has been too much brandy drinking and other bad practices .

These were sometimes directly discounted for coin or notes but , as we have seen , were increasingly sent on to the London agent for collection .
these were sometimes directly discounted for coin or notes but , as we have seen , were increasingly sent on to the london [person] for collection .

Agent Sam Rollins of the Vice-President 's Special Task Force on Drug Misuse has rented a cabin on the edge of the pond .
[person] sam rollins of the vice-president 's special task force on drug misuse has rented a cabin on the edge of the pond .

Meanwhile , in Florida , Agent Sam Rollins and two colleagues from the Vice-President 's Special Task Force on Drug Misuse stand silent outside a door .
meanwhile , in florida , [person] sam rollins and two colleagues from the vice-president 's special task force on drug misuse stand silent outside a door .

Agent Sam Rollins of the Vice-President 's Special Task Force on Drug Misuse is taking his boy duck hunting .
[person] sam rollins of the vice-president 's special task force on drug misuse is taking his boy duck hunting .

Special Agent Sam Rollins comes on the line . ‘ Yes ? ’
special [person] sam rollins comes on the line . ‘ yes ? ’

Special Agent Sam Rollins of the Vice-President 's Task Force on Drug Misuse has hit a wrinkle .
special [person] sam rollins of the vice-president 's task force on drug misuse has hit a wrinkle .

The agent stepped forward .
the [person] stepped forward .

‘ Mr Robert could scarcely have anticipated this contingency , sir , ’ ventured his lordship 's agent .
‘ mr robert could scarcely have anticipated this contingency , sir , ’ ventured his lordship 's [person] .

Almost harshly , he addressed his agent . ‘ Before we go into the matter of how much of a ‘ windfall ’ all this may be , Bewdsley , where is the Dower House ? ’
almost harshly , he addressed his [person] . ‘ before we go into the matter of how much of a ‘ windfall ’ all this may be , bewdsley , where is the dower house ? ’

The agent took the question to himself .
the [person] took the question to himself .

‘ Difficult to say precisely , ’ said the agent carefully .
‘ difficult to say precisely , ’ said the [person] carefully .

The agent coughed .
the [person] coughed .

‘ Perhaps a little more , ’ said the agent hopefully , and then his eyes popped open as Lord Dacre began to laugh .
‘ perhaps a little more , ’ said the [person] hopefully , and then his eyes popped open as lord dacre began to laugh .

‘ He 's an agent of the Devil , ’ they assured her .
‘ he 's an [person] of the devil , ’ they assured her .

He looked up with interest , candidly returning the inspection , at Rhodri Parry 's agent .
he looked up with interest , candidly returning the inspection , at rhodri parry 's [person] .

An initial investigation was carried out using text which the rule-based systems had failed to deal with adequately ( estate agent 's literature ) .
an initial investigation was carried out using text which the rule-based systems had failed to deal with adequately ( estate [person] 's literature ) .

just plain text ) estate agent 's details .
just plain text ) estate [person] 's details .

While he had been talking like an estate agent , getting his full value out of the situation , the full embarrassment of it had been dawning on Jenna .
while he had been talking like an estate [person] , getting his full value out of the situation , the full embarrassment of it had been dawning on jenna .

Two days ago , after his daughter had told him her story , he had immediately contacted an enquiry agent whom he knew to be trustworthy and told him to find out all that he could about Dr Neil Cochrane , Sir Alastair Cochrane 's younger brother .
two days ago , after his daughter had told him her story , he had immediately contacted an enquiry [person] whom he knew to be trustworthy and told him to find out all that he could about dr neil cochrane , sir alastair cochrane 's younger brother .

Most therapists in the West , although they pay lip service to the patient 's interest , find it economically and professionally imprudent not to act as the agent of the family and society .
most therapists in the west , although they pay lip service to the patient 's interest , find it economically and professionally imprudent not to act as the [person] of the family and society .

The dealer then approaches the arms manufacturers telling them that if they appoint him as their agent , he will get them a contract in return for a percentage of the value of the transaction , which could be as low as 3 per cent , or as high as 15 depending on how specialized is the equipment required .
the dealer then approaches the arms manufacturers telling them that if they appoint him as their [person] , he will get them a contract in return for a percentage of the value of the transaction , which could be as low as 3 per cent , or as high as 15 depending on how specialized is the equipment required .

Willing donors ’ names are added to the agent 's list , together with details of blood group , which is used in prospecting for potential clients .
willing donors ’ names are added to the [person] 's list , together with details of blood group , which is used in prospecting for potential clients .

We are now operating pilot schemes in five different places , allowing owners of empty property which we wish to be returned to productive use to let that property to homeless families , using a housing association as an intermediary or managing agent .
we are now operating pilot schemes in five different places , allowing owners of empty property which we wish to be returned to productive use to let that property to homeless families , using a housing association as an intermediary or managing [person] .

In many streets , although the houses may appear similar to the estate agent who drives along valuing them , they are often far from uniform .
in many streets , although the houses may appear similar to the estate [person] who drives along valuing them , they are often far from uniform .

Unless an applicant has a satisfactory explanation , his credibility will be reduced if untrue claims are made on his behalf by his agent or representative .
unless an applicant has a satisfactory explanation , his credibility will be reduced if untrue claims are made on his behalf by his [person] or representative .

Parliamentary Agent :
parliamentary [person] :

This was because the terms of the contract between seller and buyer made it clear that the buyer in re-selling the goods was doing so , not for his own account , but as agent for , and on account of , the seller .
this was because the terms of the contract between seller and buyer made it clear that the buyer in re-selling the goods was doing so , not for his own account , but as [person] for , and on account of , the seller .

( c ) that the buyer in selling them , does so on account of , and as agent for , the seller and
( c ) that the buyer in selling them , does so on account of , and as [person] for , the seller and

It would arise if the motor trader were the agent of the finance company in dealing with the customer .
it would arise if the motor trader were the [person] of the finance company in dealing with the customer .

At common law the dealer is not normally the agent either of the finance company or of the customer .
at common law the dealer is not normally the [person] either of the finance company or of the customer .

However , section 56 of the Consumer Credit Act 1974 now makes him in most cases the statutory agent of the finance company ( see paragraphs 22–06 to 22–07 below ) .
however , section 56 of the consumer credit act 1974 now makes him in most cases the statutory [person] of the finance company ( see paragraphs 22–06 to 22–07 below ) .

The customer can not be bound to the finance company by his signature on a document which the finance company 's agent knows does not reflect the customer 's intention .
the customer can not be bound to the finance company by his signature on a document which the finance company 's [person] knows does not reflect the customer 's intention .

‘ Where a mercantile agent is , with the consent of the owner , in possession of goods or of the documents of title to goods , any sale , pledge or other disposition of the goods , made by him when acting in the ordinary course of business of a mercantile agent , shall , subject to the provisions of this Act be as valid as if he were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same ; provided that the person taking under the disposition takes in good faith , and has not at the time of the disposition notice that the person making the disposition has not authority to make the same . ’
‘ where a mercantile [person] is , with the consent of the owner , in possession of goods or of the documents of title to goods , any sale , pledge or other disposition of the goods , made by him when acting in the ordinary course of business of a mercantile [person] , shall , subject to the provisions of this act be as valid as if he were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same ; provided that the person taking under the disposition takes in good faith , and has not at the time of the disposition notice that the person making the disposition has not authority to make the same . ’

There are here six requirements to be fulfilled in order for an unauthorised sale by a mercantile agent to confer good title upon an innocent purchaser .
there are here six requirements to be fulfilled in order for an unauthorised sale by a mercantile [person] to confer good title upon an innocent purchaser .

The seller must be a mercantile agent , i.e. a factor .
the seller must be a mercantile [person] , i.e. a factor .

Broadly , a mercantile agent is an independent agent acting in a way of business to whom someone else entrusts his goods and upon whom is conferred authority of a type referred to in the Factors Act 1889 , section 1(1) . That section provides :
broadly , a mercantile [person] is an independent [person] acting in a way of business to whom someone else entrusts his goods and upon whom is conferred authority of a type referred to in the factors act 1889 , section 1(1) . that section provides :

‘ The expression ‘ mercantile agent ’ shall mean a mercantile agent having in the customary course of his business as such agent authority either to sell goods or to consign goods for the purpose of sale , or to buy goods , or to raise money on the security of goods . ’
‘ the expression ‘ mercantile [person] ’ shall mean a mercantile [person] having in the customary course of his business as such [person] authority either to sell goods or to consign goods for the purpose of sale , or to buy goods , or to raise money on the security of goods . ’

In order to be a mercantile agent , an agent must have not merely the customary authority referred to in the statute but also three further characteristics .
in order to be a mercantile [person] , an [person] must have not merely the customary authority referred to in the statute but also three further characteristics .

First he must be independent from the person ( his principal ) for whom he is agent .
first he must be independent from the person ( his principal ) for whom he is [person] .

The third characteristic referred to above is that the agent must be authorised to deal with goods in his own name without disclosing his agency .
the third characteristic referred to above is that the [person] must be authorised to deal with goods in his own name without disclosing his agency .

He is an agent entrusted with the possession of goods of several principals , or sometimes only one principal , for the purpose of sale in his own name without disclosing the name of this principal and he is remunerated by a commission .
he is an [person] entrusted with the possession of goods of several principals , or sometimes only one principal , for the purpose of sale in his own name without disclosing the name of this principal and he is remunerated by a commission .

Before leaving the question of who is a mercantile agent , it should be said that someone who is not an agent can not be a mercantile agent .
before leaving the question of who is a mercantile [person] , it should be said that someone who is not an [person] can not be a mercantile [person] .

It can be difficult sometimes when someone takes goods on ‘ sale or return ’ terms to decide whether he was acting as an agent or as principal ( see Chapter 1 ) .
it can be difficult sometimes when someone takes goods on ‘ sale or return ’ terms to decide whether he was acting as an [person] or as principal ( see chapter 1 ) .

The mercantile agent must be in possession of the goods or documents of title ; and he must have that possession at the time he sells , pledges or otherwise disposes of the goods .
the mercantile [person] must be in possession of the goods or documents of title ; and he must have that possession at the time he sells , pledges or otherwise disposes of the goods .

The mercantile agent must be in possession of the goods or documents of title in his capacity as a mercantile agent .
the mercantile [person] must be in possession of the goods or documents of title in his capacity as a mercantile [person] .

The car owner who leaves his car with a garage for repairs to be carried out does not consent to the garage having possession in its capacity as a mercantile agent ( i.e .
the car owner who leaves his car with a garage for repairs to be carried out does not consent to the garage having possession in its capacity as a mercantile [person] ( i.e .

The mercantile agent must be in possession of the goods or document of title with the consent of the owner .
the mercantile [person] must be in possession of the goods or document of title with the consent of the owner .

The fact that consent was obtained by a trick or by fraud is irrelevant so long as the consent was given to the agent in his capacity as a mercantile agent .
the fact that consent was obtained by a trick or by fraud is irrelevant so long as the consent was given to the [person] in his capacity as a mercantile [person] .

For the consent to be operative it must be such as to clothe the agent with with apparent authority to sell the goods .
for the consent to be operative it must be such as to clothe the [person] with with apparent authority to sell the goods .

The mercantile agent in disposing of the goods must have been acting in the ordinary course of business of a mercantile agent .
the mercantile [person] in disposing of the goods must have been acting in the ordinary course of business of a mercantile [person] .

On the other hand , the agent does not have to have been acting within the ordinary course of his own particular business or even within the normal course of business of his particular type of trade .
on the other hand , the [person] does not have to have been acting within the ordinary course of his own particular business or even within the normal course of business of his particular type of trade .

The person taking the goods must have taken them in good faith without notice of the agent 's lack of authority .
the person taking the goods must have taken them in good faith without notice of the [person] 's lack of authority .

‘ Where a person , having sold goods , continues , or is , in possession of the goods or of the documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer by that person , or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same . ’
‘ where a person , having sold goods , continues , or is , in possession of the goods or of the documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer by that person , or by a mercantile [person] acting for him , of the goods or documents of title under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same . ’

’ If they were in the possession of a warehouseman ( or other agent ) holding them on behalf of the seller , that is sufficient .
’ if they were in the possession of a warehouseman ( or other [person] ) holding them on behalf of the seller , that is sufficient .

‘ Where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’
‘ where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile [person] acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile [person] in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’

The buyer in possession must have acted in the normal course of business of a mercantile agent .
the buyer in possession must have acted in the normal course of business of a mercantile [person] .

This may seem a little absurd since the buyer in possession may well not be a mercantile agent .
this may seem a little absurd since the buyer in possession may well not be a mercantile [person] .

The sale in that case ( see above ) was in fact in the ordinary course of business of a mercantile agent since car dealers did commonly sell cars in Warren Street .
the sale in that case ( see above ) was in fact in the ordinary course of business of a mercantile [person] since car dealers did commonly sell cars in warren street .

We are in this chapter considering misrepresentations made to the buyer by the seller ( or the seller 's agent ) .
we are in this chapter considering misrepresentations made to the buyer by the seller ( or the seller 's [person] ) .

[ … ] An externality occurs when the actions of one economic agent affect the welfare of others in a way that is not reflected in market prices .
[ … ] an externality occurs when the actions of one economic [person] affect the welfare of others in a way that is not reflected in market prices .

The social costs of an activity are its private costs — those costs incurred directly by the agent undertaking the activity — plus any external costs associated with it .
the social costs of an activity are its private costs — those costs incurred directly by the [person] undertaking the activity — plus any external costs associated with it .

Similarly the social benefits of an activity are the private benefits accruing to the agent engaged in the activity plus any external benefits .
similarly the social benefits of an activity are the private benefits accruing to the [person] engaged in the activity plus any external benefits .

So a private sector agent will only provide a public good if his private benefits exceed the costs of producing the good .
so a private sector [person] will only provide a public good if his private benefits exceed the costs of producing the good .

These can harm the consumer — the ban on the sweetening agent cyclamate on the grounds that it could cause cancer is a case in point .
these can harm the consumer — the ban on the sweetening [person] cyclamate on the grounds that it could cause cancer is a case in point .

After her small bedroom at home , where beloved old ornaments belonging once to her mother jostled for space with a basket of ironing she had n't yet had time for , and nursing textbooks that would n't fit on her one small bookshelf , or her room at the nurses ' home , where exotic travel posters — gleaned from a travel agent next to her father 's hardware shop — could n't disguise the institutional plainness of the furnishings , this room seemed palatial .
after her small bedroom at home , where beloved old ornaments belonging once to her mother jostled for space with a basket of ironing she had n't yet had time for , and nursing textbooks that would n't fit on her one small bookshelf , or her room at the nurses ' home , where exotic travel posters — gleaned from a travel [person] next to her father 's hardware shop — could n't disguise the institutional plainness of the furnishings , this room seemed palatial .

Vickery has postulated that the following series of facets ( or a subset of them ) may be expected : Thing — part , constituent — property measure patient — process/action operation — agent — ( space time ) .
vickery has postulated that the following series of facets ( or a subset of them ) may be expected : thing — part , constituent — property measure patient — process/action operation — [person] — ( space time ) .

For Marx , democracy is a historical phenomenon which is far from having unfolded all its possibilities , and the principal agent of its further development is the working-class movement .
for marx , democracy is a historical phenomenon which is far from having unfolded all its possibilities , and the principal [person] of its further development is the working-class movement .

‘ Hardly surprising , with you for a bloody agent , ’ Charles mumbled .
‘ hardly surprising , with you for a bloody [person] , ’ charles mumbled .

His theatrical successes exceeded those of all the rest of the cast added together ( and the money Paul Lexington had agreed with his agent quite possibly exceeded their total too ) .
his theatrical successes exceeded those of all the rest of the cast added together ( and the money paul lexington had agreed with his [person] quite possibly exceeded their total too ) .

He did two more West End comedies , neither of which lasted three months , and theatre managements were suddenly less anxious to pick up the phone and plead with his agent .
he did two more west end comedies , neither of which lasted three months , and theatre managements were suddenly less anxious to pick up the phone and plead with his [person] .

He was at the rehearsal , needless to say , having , possibly for the first time in his life , followed his agent 's advice .
he was at the rehearsal , needless to say , having , possibly for the first time in his life , followed his [person] 's advice .

‘ Under normal circumstances , ’ said Charles gently , ‘ you 'd go to your agent and get him to complain to the management . ’
‘ under normal circumstances , ’ said charles gently , ‘ you 'd go to your [person] and get him to complain to the management . ’

Another black mark against Paul Lexington , both as management and agent .
another black mark against paul lexington , both as management and [person] .

Few producers would , unless pressed by their client 's agent .
few producers would , unless pressed by their client 's [person] .

‘ Now , Charles … An agent 's job is difficult enough without his clients being offensive . ’
‘ now , charles … an [person] 's job is difficult enough without his clients being offensive . ’

On the other hand , since his agent had accepted the terms so avidly , he thought there might be problems in getting them changed .
on the other hand , since his [person] had accepted the terms so avidly , he thought there might be problems in getting them changed .

The Brazilian agent saw me the next morning .
the brazilian [person] saw me the next morning .

Perhaps she should go back to London ; the travel agent would no doubt transfer her back again if she asked .
perhaps she should go back to london ; the travel [person] would no doubt transfer her back again if she asked .

He looked as though he might be a racing driver , or a round-the-world yachtsman , something exciting and challenging ; certainly nothing so mundane as an estate agent .
he looked as though he might be a racing driver , or a round-the-world yachtsman , something exciting and challenging ; certainly nothing so mundane as an estate [person] .

‘ But not as an estate agent ? ’
‘ but not as an estate [person] ? ’

Viola Machin , nevertheless , seemed impervious to it : she stood in bosomy grief , in a becoming coat of umber shade , dabbing her eyes at the pathetic bits of the service ; Desmond , in a heavy black coat , managed only an insurance agent 's decorous grief ; and Hilary looked as if cheerfulness might keep breaking through — which would probably , after all , be what Hilda would have liked most .
viola machin , nevertheless , seemed impervious to it : she stood in bosomy grief , in a becoming coat of umber shade , dabbing her eyes at the pathetic bits of the service ; desmond , in a heavy black coat , managed only an insurance [person] 's decorous grief ; and hilary looked as if cheerfulness might keep breaking through — which would probably , after all , be what hilda would have liked most .

The break-up of the marriage was recorded as taking place in 1943 , ‘ due to the pressures and uncertainties of war ’ — as if Gerald had been at the very least a fighter ace or undercover agent .
the break-up of the marriage was recorded as taking place in 1943 , ‘ due to the pressures and uncertainties of war ’ — as if gerald had been at the very least a fighter ace or undercover [person] .

What will the rational agent do ?
what will the rational [person] do ?

If he expects the price of dollars — the exchange rate — in the spot market to be the same as the current forward price , then a rational agent would be indifferent between the transactions under certain conditions .
if he expects the price of dollars — the exchange rate — in the spot market to be the same as the current forward price , then a rational [person] would be indifferent between the transactions under certain conditions .

The first is that the agent is risk neutral .
the first is that the [person] is risk neutral .

There is a second condition required for a rational agent to be indifferent between equal forward and expected future spot rates .
there is a second condition required for a rational [person] to be indifferent between equal forward and expected future spot rates .

By a similar argument a random decrease in aggregate demand will cause the typical agent to find the price in her market lower than she was initially expecting ; she will partly ( mistakenly ) infer from this that her relative price is low and will supply less output .
by a similar argument a random decrease in aggregate demand will cause the typical [person] to find the price in her market lower than she was initially expecting ; she will partly ( mistakenly ) infer from this that her relative price is low and will supply less output .

Since this is the nature of the economic environment within which the agent operates it is rational for the agent to use that information about her environment to draw inferences from the information that she has about the current state of the economy , that is to solve her signal extraction problem .
since this is the nature of the economic environment within which the [person] operates it is rational for the [person] to use that information about her environment to draw inferences from the information that she has about the current state of the economy , that is to solve her signal extraction problem .

So , in an economy in which relative demand shocks are typically smaller than aggregate demand shocks , the rational agent would attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a positive aggregate demand shock — that , from knowledge of the economy , is the more likely reason .
so , in an economy in which relative demand shocks are typically smaller than aggregate demand shocks , the rational [person] would attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a positive aggregate demand shock — that , from knowledge of the economy , is the more likely reason .

First note that at the end of period t - 1 , but before period t each agent knows the value of and g .
first note that at the end of period t - 1 , but before period t each [person] knows the value of and g .

At the end of period t - 1 the best guess any agent can make of the values of v t and t ( z ) t the aggregate and relative demand shocks in the coming period , is that they will be zero .
at the end of period t - 1 the best guess any [person] can make of the values of v t and t ( z ) t the aggregate and relative demand shocks in the coming period , is that they will be zero .

Therefore it must be the case that this rational but conditional expectation of the price the agent will find in his local market in period t will be : where is the expectation formed on the basis of information available at the end of period t - 1 about p ( ) t .
therefore it must be the case that this rational but conditional expectation of the price the [person] will find in his local market in period t will be : where is the expectation formed on the basis of information available at the end of period t - 1 about p ( ) t .

When trading in period t begins and the agent becomes aware of the price in his market , p ( ) t , it is clear from equation ( 4.8 ) that this amounts to becoming aware of .
when trading in period t begins and the [person] becomes aware of the price in his market , p ( ) t , it is clear from equation ( 4.8 ) that this amounts to becoming aware of .

After all , he was protected by the King 's chief agent .
after all , he was protected by the king 's chief [person] .

The results presented characterize a sequential equilibrium strategy of the informed agent and establish the convergence to full information in infinite horizon games .
the results presented characterize a sequential equilibrium strategy of the informed [person] and establish the convergence to full information in infinite horizon games .

The sequential equilibrium strategy of the long-term agent has a particularly simple form in this model .
the sequential equilibrium strategy of the long-term [person] has a particularly simple form in this model .

The action chosen by the long-lived agent in each period is a linear function of its type .
the action chosen by the long-lived [person] in each period is a linear function of its type .

So it is possible that the short-run agents in the model over estimate the long term agent 's type after a particular sequence of shocks and subsequently revise this estimate downwards .
so it is possible that the short-run agents in the model over estimate the long term [person] 's type after a particular sequence of shocks and subsequently revise this estimate downwards .

Nevertheless , most investigators remove the salts before subjecting the samples to pipette , hydrometer or Coulter analysis , in all of which some dispersing agent is introduced to ensure separation of individual particles .
nevertheless , most investigators remove the salts before subjecting the samples to pipette , hydrometer or coulter analysis , in all of which some dispersing [person] is introduced to ensure separation of individual particles .

However , if the size of the smallest component particles in a flocculated sediment is to be determined , it is necessary to introduce a dispersing or peptising agent .
however , if the size of the smallest component particles in a flocculated sediment is to be determined , it is necessary to introduce a dispersing or peptising [person] .

Sodium hexametaphosphate solution is perhaps the commonest dispersing agent used sedimentologically .
sodium hexametaphosphate solution is perhaps the commonest dispersing [person] used sedimentologically .

In the sedimentation tube technique the particles are released simultaneously from the water surface , a process achieved by holding a 2–5 g sample on a platen by means of a wetting agent and lowering it into the water surface .
in the sedimentation tube technique the particles are released simultaneously from the water surface , a process achieved by holding a 2–5 g sample on a platen by means of a wetting [person] and lowering it into the water surface .

Hydrofluoric acid is the etching agent for silicate-rich rocks ; carbonates can be etched with various weak acids .
hydrofluoric acid is the etching [person] for silicate-rich rocks ; carbonates can be etched with various weak acids .

Disodium ethyl diaminotetracetic acid ( diNaEDTA ) is an even more subtle etching agent : it has a chelating ( complexing ) action with comparatively little effervescence , thus reducing gas bubble damage of delicate structures .
disodium ethyl diaminotetracetic acid ( dinaedta ) is an even more subtle etching [person] : it has a chelating ( complexing ) action with comparatively little effervescence , thus reducing gas bubble damage of delicate structures .

Similarly , being closed and self-contained , the structure implies a concentric form of organization with the centre as the organizing agent which would then be exempt from the play of differences which , instead , it appears to control .
similarly , being closed and self-contained , the structure implies a concentric form of organization with the centre as the organizing [person] which would then be exempt from the play of differences which , instead , it appears to control .

‘ The agent has the details .
‘ the [person] has the details .

‘ Is that all you 're planning to do with Pickerage on Sunday ? Train him up in the role of agent provocateur ? ’
‘ is that all you 're planning to do with pickerage on sunday ? train him up in the role of [person] provocateur ? ’

Our agent was killed , so was the town registrar .
our [person] was killed , so was the town registrar .

‘ But the identity of our agent was not discovered and the police seem to think it was a crime of passion without any third person involved .
‘ but the identity of our [person] was not discovered and the police seem to think it was a crime of passion without any third person involved .

Her agent — perhaps he was n't the best in the world — never got her an American tour which , again , might have made all the difference .
her [person] — perhaps he was n't the best in the world — never got her an american tour which , again , might have made all the difference .

Johnson Matthey is the sole marketing agent and joint refiner for Rustenburg Platinum Mines , the world 's largest source of platinum group metals , and is world leader in the sales and marketing of these metals .
johnson matthey is the sole marketing [person] and joint refiner for rustenburg platinum mines , the world 's largest source of platinum group metals , and is world leader in the sales and marketing of these metals .

Good progress is being made in new drug research and development and early clinical trials of an orally administered anti-cancer drug and a new diagnostic agent are giving encouraging results .
good progress is being made in new drug research and development and early clinical trials of an orally administered anti-cancer drug and a new diagnostic [person] are giving encouraging results .

However hard a head or a governing body may try to remain outside the arena of competition , the insistence of parent interests and community awareness and the effect on even the price of houses in a local estate agent 's listings will continue to make sure that parents believe that clever children , as measured in the national assessment , are produced by good schools and by good teachers .
however hard a head or a governing body may try to remain outside the arena of competition , the insistence of parent interests and community awareness and the effect on even the price of houses in a local estate [person] 's listings will continue to make sure that parents believe that clever children , as measured in the national assessment , are produced by good schools and by good teachers .

Hilary ( our agent ) and also Elizabeth ( our courier ) made a splendid job of serving up the wine and snacks whilst we toured the city , listening to an accordionist who spent most of his time falling in love with the ladies .
hilary ( our [person] ) and also elizabeth ( our courier ) made a splendid job of serving up the wine and snacks whilst we toured the city , listening to an accordionist who spent most of his time falling in love with the ladies .

We also undertook a direct mailing campaign to roughly 40,000 of our own ‘ orphan ’ policyholders ( defined as policyholders with no agent ) and to a rented list of approximately 40,000 people who are interested in single premium investment products .
we also undertook a direct mailing campaign to roughly 40,000 of our own ‘ orphan ’ policyholders ( defined as policyholders with no [person] ) and to a rented list of approximately 40,000 people who are interested in single premium investment products .

On the first day of the launch Manchester branch received the first Home Purchaser with a Bolt-on Critical Illness application from a Bolton Agent , on his own life .
on the first day of the launch manchester branch received the first home purchaser with a bolt-on critical illness application from a bolton [person] , on his own life .

We have arranged credit facilities with another travel agent Gray Dawes , as well as Key Travel , which enables Christian Aid to book tickets without having to pay in advance .
we have arranged credit facilities with another travel [person] gray dawes , as well as key travel , which enables christian aid to book tickets without having to pay in advance .

Appropriately , it was the field where the term ‘ planning ’ had been first originated , town and country planning , that provided the most decisive example of the war acting as an agent of deliberate plans for the future .
appropriately , it was the field where the term ‘ planning ’ had been first originated , town and country planning , that provided the most decisive example of the war acting as an [person] of deliberate plans for the future .

‘ Building curved walls — without curved bricks — is no easy thing to do , ’ says senior site agent , Willie Mathieson .
‘ building curved walls — without curved bricks — is no easy thing to do , ’ says senior site [person] , willie mathieson .

His colleague , Dave Barnetson is the sub agent and Paul Bowers is a trainee engineer at Durleigh Water Treatment Works in Somerset .
his colleague , dave barnetson is the sub [person] and paul bowers is a trainee engineer at durleigh water treatment works in somerset .

Cerene white frits are lead-free and do not contain zirconium silicate as the opacifying agent .
cerene white frits are lead-free and do not contain zirconium silicate as the opacifying [person] .

For those , talk of variables smacked too much of talk of causes with no place for the human being as agent .
for those , talk of variables smacked too much of talk of causes with no place for the human being as [person] .

The survey requires , too , an institutionalisation of the individual as an autonomous member of civil society with rights and obligations and a conception of the same individual as a distinctive agent in the social process .
the survey requires , too , an institutionalisation of the individual as an autonomous member of civil society with rights and obligations and a conception of the same individual as a distinctive [person] in the social process .

The individual is the provider of material and data , is sought after for this purpose , is the bearer of social forces and is the agent of society itself .
the individual is the provider of material and data , is sought after for this purpose , is the bearer of social forces and is the [person] of society itself .

No doubt the Duke of Bridgewater 's agent had thought them happy when he collected their rent each week .
no doubt the duke of bridgewater 's [person] had thought them happy when he collected their rent each week .

‘ You act as Chambers ’ agent in Hamburg , ’ she said .
‘ you act as chambers ’ [person] in hamburg , ’ she said .

The existence of the woman had been confirmed by a female North Korean agent detained in South Korea after planting a bomb on a South Korean airliner in 1987 .
the existence of the woman had been confirmed by a female north korean [person] detained in south korea after planting a bomb on a south korean airliner in 1987 .

On Aug. 27 Dieter Gerhardt , a former commander of the Simonstown naval base , was released from prison where he had been serving a life sentence since 1983 after being convicted of acting as an agent for the Soviet Union [ see p. 32659 ] .
on aug. 27 dieter gerhardt , a former commander of the simonstown naval base , was released from prison where he had been serving a life sentence since 1983 after being convicted of acting as an [person] for the soviet union [ see p. 32659 ] .

Palestinian radicals attacked al-Hussaini for meeting Kollek , while Eliakim Hayetzni , an Israeli Knesset member from the right-wing Tehiya party , accused Kollek of treason for meeting `` a known agent of Arafat `` .
palestinian radicals attacked al-hussaini for meeting kollek , while eliakim hayetzni , an israeli knesset member from the right-wing tehiya party , accused kollek of treason for meeting `` a known [person] of arafat `` .

New Zealand 's Foreign Affairs Minister , Don McKinnon , said that he was `` appalled and disgusted `` to learn that the agent had been made a knight in the National Order of Merit .
new zealand 's foreign affairs minister , don mckinnon , said that he was `` appalled and disgusted `` to learn that the [person] had been made a knight in the national order of merit .

An insurance company 's agent had pocketed premiums paid to him by Haslip , so that she was unable to pay medical bills following hospitalization .
an insurance company 's [person] had pocketed premiums paid to him by haslip , so that she was unable to pay medical bills following hospitalization .

Imprisonment of former secret agent
imprisonment of former secret [person]

When the rapist is a government agent , that rape is torture or ill-treatment and the state is responsible for it . ``
when the rapist is a government [person] , that rape is torture or ill-treatment and the state is responsible for it . ``

Request for extradition of French agent
request for extradition of french [person]

On Nov. 18 the Australian authorities announced that Australia had refused refugee status to Ari Ben-Menashe , a self-described former Israeli agent whose accounts of Israeli government arms dealings had been cited in a recent book by Seymour Hersh [ see p. 38550 ] .
on nov. 18 the australian authorities announced that australia had refused refugee status to ari ben-menashe , a self-described former israeli [person] whose accounts of israeli government arms dealings had been cited in a recent book by seymour hersh [ see p. 38550 ] .

His visit , during which he apologised for the French role in the Rainbow Warrior affair , marked a considerable improvement in bilateral relations [ see p. 38153 ; but see also p. 38345 for New Zealand condemnation of the honouring of the French agent involved in the Rainbow Warrior affair ] .
his visit , during which he apologised for the french role in the rainbow warrior affair , marked a considerable improvement in bilateral relations [ see p. 38153 ; but see also p. 38345 for new zealand condemnation of the honouring of the french [person] involved in the rainbow warrior affair ] .

To have remained in the contest under these circumstances would have been to play the role of a `` spoiler `` said Tsongas , and , thereby , to `` become the agent of the re-election of George Bush `` .
to have remained in the contest under these circumstances would have been to play the role of a `` spoiler `` said tsongas , and , thereby , to `` become the [person] of the re-election of george bush `` .

Most recently , he had denounced the state environment agency , Ibama , as a corrupt `` agent for the woodchoppers `` .
most recently , he had denounced the state environment agency , ibama , as a corrupt `` [person] for the woodchoppers `` .

The espionage ring was apparently established on the orders of veteran North Korean agent Lee Son-shil .
the espionage ring was apparently established on the orders of veteran north korean [person] lee son-shil .

In a year-long `` sting `` operation by state authorities , an agent had posed as a casino owner in Las Vegas , Nevada , seeking to extend his empire into Arizona .
in a year-long `` sting `` operation by state authorities , an [person] had posed as a casino owner in las vegas , nevada , seeking to extend his empire into arizona .

As the Patients ' Association noted , the Charter was an important step in enabling patients to speak up for themselves as individuals outside the organisational framework of DHAs acting as `` champions of the people `` and GPs as the patient 's agent .
as the patients ' association noted , the charter was an important step in enabling patients to speak up for themselves as individuals outside the organisational framework of dhas acting as `` champions of the people `` and gps as the patient 's [person] .

( 5 ) Where a solicitor or licensed conveyancer , or an agent or employee of a solicitor or licensed conveyancer , in the course of or in connection with a transaction involving the disposition or creation of an interest in land , purports to deliver an instrument as a deed on behalf of a party to the instrument , it shall be conclusively presumed in favour of a purchaser that he is authorised so to deliver the instrument .
( 5 ) where a solicitor or licensed conveyancer , or an [person] or employee of a solicitor or licensed conveyancer , in the course of or in connection with a transaction involving the disposition or creation of an interest in land , purports to deliver an instrument as a deed on behalf of a party to the instrument , it shall be conclusively presumed in favour of a purchaser that he is authorised so to deliver the instrument .

From the practical point of view , it seems that the majority of land transactions … are based on the bilateral compromis de vente . The vast majority of contracts are prepared in standard form by the local Estate Agent …
from the practical point of view , it seems that the majority of land transactions … are based on the bilateral compromis de vente . the vast majority of contracts are prepared in standard form by the local estate [person] …

In theory the first step in the procedure is a formal application for payment of arrears by either the landlord or someone acting as an agent . In practice , many leases expressly exclude this requirement on the part of the landlord and statute dispenses with this part of the procedure in many cases :
in theory the first step in the procedure is a formal application for payment of arrears by either the landlord or someone acting as an [person] . in practice , many leases expressly exclude this requirement on the part of the landlord and statute dispenses with this part of the procedure in many cases :

One aspect of scientific style , however , is that in a passive sentence the person who acts is often not mentioned at all , to symbolise the scientific ideal that the procedures should be objective and repeatable , independent of the agent who carries them out .
one aspect of scientific style , however , is that in a passive sentence the person who acts is often not mentioned at all , to symbolise the scientific ideal that the procedures should be objective and repeatable , independent of the [person] who carries them out .

The canopy designer must be aware of the nature of the risk under any specific canopy , and where necessary , install dedicated fire suppression systems , and preferably the liquid agent type which is the most effective media , within the canopy structure .
the canopy designer must be aware of the nature of the risk under any specific canopy , and where necessary , install dedicated fire suppression systems , and preferably the liquid [person] type which is the most effective media , within the canopy structure .

( Bell 1984 : 168 ) In the case of Sue the travel agent , her convergence was `` successful `` ( Thakerar et al .
( bell 1984 : 168 ) in the case of sue the travel [person] , her convergence was `` successful `` ( thakerar et al .

Pro-Gaullist sentiment was building in North Africa , while inside France de Gaulle 's agent , Jean Moulin , was negotiating the unification of the resistance movements under Gaullist patronage .
pro-gaullist sentiment was building in north africa , while inside france de gaulle 's [person] , jean moulin , was negotiating the unification of the resistance movements under gaullist patronage .

( b ) The prohibition in paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule shall not apply to prevent a solicitor who is qualified as a lawyer of a jurisdiction other than England or Wales , patent agent , trade mark agent or European patent attorney from having a separate practice as such ; and such a practice shall not be subject to the provisions of sub-paragraphs ( 3 ) ( a ) and ( b ) of this rule .
( b ) the prohibition in paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule shall not apply to prevent a solicitor who is qualified as a lawyer of a jurisdiction other than england or wales , patent [person] , trade mark [person] or european patent attorney from having a separate practice as such ; and such a practice shall not be subject to the provisions of sub-paragraphs ( 3 ) ( a ) and ( b ) of this rule .

( 3 ) The losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this Rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
( 3 ) the losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an [person] or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the solicitors indemnity fund .

The effect in essence must be that a Transfer Notice constitutes the Company the agent for the sale of the shares .
the effect in essence must be that a transfer notice constitutes the company the [person] for the sale of the shares .

The effect in essence must be that a Transfer Notice constitutes the Company the agent for the sale of the shares .
the effect in essence must be that a transfer notice constitutes the company the [person] for the sale of the shares .

Therefore , in principle , it is quite acceptable to write a novel about a secret agent in the style of Ian Fleming as long as it does not contain copies of parts of James Bond novels .
therefore , in principle , it is quite acceptable to write a novel about a secret [person] in the style of ian fleming as long as it does not contain copies of parts of james bond novels .

An obligation of confidence may also be implied by the courts where there is a duty of good faith as in the relationship between a client and a solicitor or patent agent or bank manager .
an obligation of confidence may also be implied by the courts where there is a duty of good faith as in the relationship between a client and a solicitor or patent [person] or bank manager .

Obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the application and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .
obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent [person] are desirable because the drafting of the application and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .

Until the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , only a registered patent agent or a solicitor could act for gain as agents for persons seeking patents , but now anyone can do this as long as he does not describe himself as , or hold himself out to be , a `` patent agent `` or `` patent attorney `` .
until the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , only a registered patent [person] or a solicitor could act for gain as agents for persons seeking patents , but now anyone can do this as long as he does not describe himself as , or hold himself out to be , a `` patent [person] `` or `` patent attorney `` .

However , in view of the complicated nature of the process , the person applying for a patent would be well advised to satisfy himself as to the ability of his agent .
however , in view of the complicated nature of the process , the person applying for a patent would be well advised to satisfy himself as to the ability of his [person] .

Applications for registration of a trade or service mark are made to the Trade Mark Registry and the services of a trade mark agent may be helpful .
applications for registration of a trade or service mark are made to the trade mark registry and the services of a trade mark [person] may be helpful .

The use of an experienced Patent Agent is highly recommended if a patent application is being considered .
the use of an experienced patent [person] is highly recommended if a patent application is being considered .

Either the contract is between the person acquiring a copy of the system ( the `` acquirer `` ) and the dealer or it is between the acquirer and the software company in which case the dealer acts as the company 's agent .
either the contract is between the person acquiring a copy of the system ( the `` acquirer `` ) and the dealer or it is between the acquirer and the software company in which case the dealer acts as the company 's [person] .

The dealer , as agent for the software company , is a more likely interpretation if the acquirer specifies the system he wants .
the dealer , as [person] for the software company , is a more likely interpretation if the acquirer specifies the system he wants .

Of course , the fact that there will , invariably , be a licence agreement with the software company reinforces the view that the dealer acts as an agent to bring about the contract between the software company and the acquirer .
of course , the fact that there will , invariably , be a licence agreement with the software company reinforces the view that the dealer acts as an [person] to bring about the contract between the software company and the acquirer .

Thus it is that Givon 1980 talks of verbs being reduced in finiteness and argues that the degree of reduction is related to the degree to which the event evoked by the complement is bound to the agent or experiencer in terms of his influence over it .
thus it is that givon 1980 talks of verbs being reduced in finiteness and argues that the degree of reduction is related to the degree to which the event evoked by the complement is bound to the [person] or experiencer in terms of his influence over it .

Here make denotes the direct involvement of its agent in the production of the comments : it is the `` Kohnstamm-negative subjects `` themselves who emit comments in ( 136 ) above .
here make denotes the direct involvement of its [person] in the production of the comments : it is the `` kohnstamm-negative subjects `` themselves who emit comments in ( 136 ) above .

Cause , in contrast , evokes only indirect involvement of its agent in bringing the comments into being : a `` 6-inch torrent of water `` can not make a comment but the fact of its passage through someone 's lot might certainly provoke uncharitable remarks from the owner .
cause , in contrast , evokes only indirect involvement of its [person] in bringing the comments into being : a `` 6-inch torrent of water `` can not make a comment but the fact of its passage through someone 's lot might certainly provoke uncharitable remarks from the owner .

That which causes a comment is thus at one remove from the comment and is not the sole agent necessary to bring it into being .
that which causes a comment is thus at one remove from the comment and is not the sole [person] necessary to bring it into being .

In ( 138a ) and ( 139a ) make implies that it is the person ( s ) referred to by its subject ( they , the newspapers ) who themselves engage in warfare or commit an error , whereas in ( 138b ) and ( 139b ) cause represents its subject as a condition or circumstance which provokes engagement in warfare or commission of an error by some other agent .
in ( 138a ) and ( 139a ) make implies that it is the person ( s ) referred to by its subject ( they , the newspapers ) who themselves engage in warfare or commit an error , whereas in ( 138b ) and ( 139b ) cause represents its subject as a condition or circumstance which provokes engagement in warfare or commission of an error by some other [person] .

In ( 145 ) and ( 146 ) , the subject of cause is clearly a condition , and the to infinitive evokes its consequence : the causal agent is not conceived as actually doing anything in either of these sentences but merely as having been the condition giving rise to a new state of affairs .
in ( 145 ) and ( 146 ) , the subject of cause is clearly a condition , and the to infinitive evokes its consequence : the causal [person] is not conceived as actually doing anything in either of these sentences but merely as having been the condition giving rise to a new state of affairs .

Here the object of make is felt to be completely under the sway of the subject and so to have no initiative of its own : the causal agent brings about a change in this object in an immediate fashion without any room for a condition–consequence or stimulus–reaction relationship .
here the object of make is felt to be completely under the sway of the subject and so to have no initiative of its own : the causal [person] brings about a change in this object in an immediate fashion without any room for a condition–consequence or stimulus–reaction relationship .

While it is true that cause could be inserted in ( 134 ) , it is significant that the writer has used make with a subject ( `` enzymes `` ) which actively produces chemical reactions and is even described in the same sentence as an agent that speeds them up .
while it is true that cause could be inserted in ( 134 ) , it is significant that the writer has used make with a subject ( `` enzymes `` ) which actively produces chemical reactions and is even described in the same sentence as an [person] that speeds them up .

In ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .
in ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an [person] which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .

Cause , on the other hand , situates the causal agent prior to the event caused and so requires the to infinitive .
cause , on the other hand , situates the causal [person] prior to the event caused and so requires the to infinitive .

Like cause in ( 137 ) , force here implies some agent other than its subject ( `` this problem `` ) as the actual author of the change in marketing approach ( `` force many businesses to change … `` ) .
like cause in ( 137 ) , force here implies some [person] other than its subject ( `` this problem `` ) as the actual author of the change in marketing approach ( `` force many businesses to change … `` ) .

However , in ( 163 ) the first reading is something like " he provoked my laughter " , with the clear impression of a causal agent directly producing the laughter without any independent intervention of " me " .
however , in ( 163 ) the first reading is something like " he provoked my laughter " , with the clear impression of a causal [person] directly producing the laughter without any independent intervention of " me " .

it carries the presupposition that the person acted upon is subject to the dominion of the causal agent .
it carries the presupposition that the person acted upon is subject to the dominion of the causal [person] .

Force , oblige , cause , get and occasion , on the other hand , all evoke a succession between cause and effect , the infinitive event being felt to be the result of the previous action of the causal agent .
force , oblige , cause , get and occasion , on the other hand , all evoke a succession between cause and effect , the infinitive event being felt to be the result of the previous action of the causal [person] .

( 188 ) can be compared with ( 154 ) — ( 156 ) above : make evokes the production of an effect for which the `` maker `` is wholly responsible , there being no other factor but the behaviour of the agent `` you `` involved in bringing about this effect ( contrast ( 182 ) in this respect , where room is left for other factors to intervene ) .
( 188 ) can be compared with ( 154 ) — ( 156 ) above : make evokes the production of an effect for which the `` maker `` is wholly responsible , there being no other factor but the behaviour of the [person] `` you `` involved in bringing about this effect ( contrast ( 182 ) in this respect , where room is left for other factors to intervene ) .

producing an effect ) from the point of view of the patient acted upon rather than from that of the agent acting is to evoke the effect produced on the patient rather than the producing of the effect on the latter by the agent .
producing an effect ) from the point of view of the patient acted upon rather than from that of the [person] acting is to evoke the effect produced on the patient rather than the producing of the effect on the latter by the [person] .

71 – 2 ) distinguishes two main senses of let , the first of which is described as `` the non-intervention of an agent in an action which has been initiated independently of him/her and has been going on already for a certain time `` , and can be illustrated by : ( 214 ) He would n't even dance with her at Gavin 's party .
71 – 2 ) distinguishes two main senses of let , the first of which is described as `` the non-intervention of an [person] in an action which has been initiated independently of him/her and has been going on already for a certain time `` , and can be illustrated by : ( 214 ) he would n't even dance with her at gavin 's party .

In cases where the bare infinitive evokes the actualization of its event , as in ( 37 ) , the use of the bare infinitive incident directly to the finite verb implies that the agent who realizes the latter is directly and simultaneously involved in the action of the infinitive .
in cases where the bare infinitive evokes the actualization of its event , as in ( 37 ) , the use of the bare infinitive incident directly to the finite verb implies that the [person] who realizes the latter is directly and simultaneously involved in the action of the infinitive .

Just because he had by now become an important agent of the Roman rule , and one whom the Romans trusted , he felt the need of continuing his history from 166 to 146 to show how the Romans had behaved .
just because he had by now become an important [person] of the roman rule , and one whom the romans trusted , he felt the need of continuing his history from 166 to 146 to show how the romans had behaved .

‘ That 's a very nutritious , natural ingredient , what we call an enriching agent .
‘ that 's a very nutritious , natural ingredient , what we call an enriching [person] .

We can also see that Socrates himself can not be regarded merely as an agent of destruction , despite the immediate responsibility of the Socratic impulse for the dissolution of tragedy .
we can also see that socrates himself can not be regarded merely as an [person] of destruction , despite the immediate responsibility of the socratic impulse for the dissolution of tragedy .

per ton through their agent Samuel Milner `` … the same being charged to the furnace amongst the Freight of Pigs ( iron ingots ) … `` There is no telling though , from where they obtained the copper .
per ton through their [person] samuel milner `` … the same being charged to the furnace amongst the freight of pigs ( iron ingots ) … `` there is no telling though , from where they obtained the copper .

Tissington 's agent in these parts was Robert Barker , then living at Penny Bridge .
tissington 's [person] in these parts was robert barker , then living at penny bridge .

The name of Roe 's agent , Mr. Hall , appears regularly against entries :
the name of roe 's [person] , mr. hall , appears regularly against entries :

the same — 283 ( tons ) 6 houndrd ( cwt ) … `` But three years later on 27 July 1795 the new head of the Macclesfield company , Abraham Mills , wrote to the new agent Thomas Harrison of Kendal , advising him , alas , that `` … the Coniston Mine has for some time been so unproductive that it has been determined to discontinue the working … ``
the same — 283 ( tons ) 6 houndrd ( cwt ) … `` but three years later on 27 july 1795 the new head of the macclesfield company , abraham mills , wrote to the new [person] thomas harrison of kendal , advising him , alas , that `` … the coniston mine has for some time been so unproductive that it has been determined to discontinue the working … ``

Six days notice was required of the time and place of the weighing in order that the Lord 's agent could attend .
six days notice was required of the time and place of the weighing in order that the lord 's [person] could attend .

In both cases a bargain was struck between the mine captain or the agent ( a manager ) , and a gang , pare , or company of miners .
in both cases a bargain was struck between the mine captain or the [person] ( a manager ) , and a gang , pare , or company of miners .

There the ore was stored until carted to the firm 's copper yard on the Ulverston Canal where it was mixed , weighed and sampled , prior to shipping after purchase by the Smelter 's Agent .
there the ore was stored until carted to the firm 's copper yard on the ulverston canal where it was mixed , weighed and sampled , prior to shipping after purchase by the smelter 's [person] .

Around this time George Wilson sent 40 tons to Swansea paying the estate agent Jackson £16 : 16s .
around this time george wilson sent 40 tons to swansea paying the estate [person] jackson £16 : 16s .

Word was now about that the mines were available , and it reached the ears of a Cornishman acting as resident agent or manager , at the great lead mines at Grassington , in Yorkshire .
word was now about that the mines were available , and it reached the ears of a cornishman acting as resident [person] or manager , at the great lead mines at grassington , in yorkshire .

Knott had made it clear , it would seem , to the le Fleming estate agent that he wanted rights to all of the copper on the Coniston Manor , though without any success .
knott had made it clear , it would seem , to the le fleming estate [person] that he wanted rights to all of the copper on the coniston manor , though without any success .

Jackson , the estate agent , met Barratt on one of his visits having brought with him Michael Knott who was now desirous of talking business with John Taylor when he was next up .
jackson , the estate [person] , met barratt on one of his visits having brought with him michael knott who was now desirous of talking business with john taylor when he was next up .

The estate agent was only a young man but quite an astute one at that … no-one was going to put one over on him .
the estate [person] was only a young man but quite an astute one at that … no-one was going to put one over on him .

Nevertheless , Jackson , the estate agent , must have had some misgivings about the way matters were progressing .
nevertheless , jackson , the estate [person] , must have had some misgivings about the way matters were progressing .

Unfortunately Lady le Fleming 's agent appeared to take Leathart 's advice a little too literally and caused great concern to the partners by proposing a covenant binding them to prevent `` all water `` from filtering down into any part of the mine below Deep Level .
unfortunately lady le fleming 's [person] appeared to take leathart 's advice a little too literally and caused great concern to the partners by proposing a covenant binding them to prevent `` all water `` from filtering down into any part of the mine below deep level .

The adventurers were , of course , quite aware that Jackson , the estate agent , had been advised by " practical miners " to propose these covenants . Taylor expressed his surprise ; was Jackson not aware that in the district in which these persons derived their experience , there was little , if any , knowledge of mines worked under day levels or of what takes place in them when they are drained to considerable depths by machinery ?
the adventurers were , of course , quite aware that jackson , the estate [person] , had been advised by " practical miners " to propose these covenants . taylor expressed his surprise ; was jackson not aware that in the district in which these persons derived their experience , there was little , if any , knowledge of mines worked under day levels or of what takes place in them when they are drained to considerable depths by machinery ?

It seems certain that over the next few years the returns for all the work done did not satisfy Taylor , who wrote again in 1840 to the acting agent Moser , asking for a reduction of the Royalties to one-fifteenth .
it seems certain that over the next few years the returns for all the work done did not satisfy taylor , who wrote again in 1840 to the acting [person] moser , asking for a reduction of the royalties to one-fifteenth .

Mrs. Davey , whose husband had been an agent for a good many years on £16:0s . :0d .
mrs. davey , whose husband had been an [person] for a good many years on £16:0s . :0d .

Compound nouns in which the second element denotes an agent or an action may have for their first element a noun denoting the object of the action : housekeeper , housekeeping .
compound nouns in which the second element denotes an [person] or an action may have for their first element a noun denoting the object of the action : housekeeper , housekeeping .

Thomas Cromwell the chief agent for the King for dissolution of the monasteries 1535–38 , made many enemies during his brief reign , especially among the clergy , His reign ended in July 1540 , when he was beheaded for treason .
thomas cromwell the chief [person] for the king for dissolution of the monasteries 1535–38 , made many enemies during his brief reign , especially among the clergy , his reign ended in july 1540 , when he was beheaded for treason .

One was from a retired ship 's captain , now living at Fowey in Cornwall , giving news of his house and garden ; the others were impersonal , acknowledgments of subscriptions to various charities , and some business letters from the estate agent who dealt with the letting of the two other flats .
one was from a retired ship 's captain , now living at fowey in cornwall , giving news of his house and garden ; the others were impersonal , acknowledgments of subscriptions to various charities , and some business letters from the estate [person] who dealt with the letting of the two other flats .

Carboxyhaemoglobin concentrations have not been studied in direct relation to gastric secretion in man but this agent may cause relative anoxia of the cell ; both anoxia and the thiocyanate ion ( another cigarette product ) have been shown to prevent the transformation by histamine of a resting parietal cell to its active acid secreting state .
carboxyhaemoglobin concentrations have not been studied in direct relation to gastric secretion in man but this [person] may cause relative anoxia of the cell ; both anoxia and the thiocyanate ion ( another cigarette product ) have been shown to prevent the transformation by histamine of a resting parietal cell to its active acid secreting state .

Models of mucosal damage in which a noxious agent such as ethanol is employed are simply not relevant to chronic duodenal ulcer .
models of mucosal damage in which a noxious [person] such as ethanol is employed are simply not relevant to chronic duodenal ulcer .

The therapeutic efficiency of eicosapentaenoic acid ( C20:5n3 ) as an antiinflammatory agent in experimental models of inflammation and therapeutic trials in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease is , however , at least , controversial
the therapeutic efficiency of eicosapentaenoic acid ( c20:5n3 ) as an antiinflammatory [person] in experimental models of inflammation and therapeutic trials in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease is , however , at least , controversial

In 14 of the 16 patients , initial treatment was an alkylating agent alone ( cyclophosphamide 100 mg/day ) .
in 14 of the 16 patients , initial treatment was an alkylating [person] alone ( cyclophosphamide 100 mg/day ) .

As expected , the addition of bFGF to sucralfate did not augment the gastroprotective activity of this drug except in stress lesions , which were significantly more reduced after treatment with the combination of bFGF and sucralfate than with each agent separately .
as expected , the addition of bfgf to sucralfate did not augment the gastroprotective activity of this drug except in stress lesions , which were significantly more reduced after treatment with the combination of bfgf and sucralfate than with each [person] separately .

Oxygen is a prerequisite for the efficient production of energy in aerobic organisms and yet the diatomic oxygen molecules on which we depend are themselves ‘ diradicals ’ and major promoters of free radical chemistry . Although oxygen is a good oxidising agent ( atom or molecule that accepts electrons from the molecule it oxidises ) , restrictions on the direction of spin of the electrons it accepts means that it usually accepts these one at a time as shown in the following equations :
oxygen is a prerequisite for the efficient production of energy in aerobic organisms and yet the diatomic oxygen molecules on which we depend are themselves ‘ diradicals ’ and major promoters of free radical chemistry . although oxygen is a good oxidising [person] ( atom or molecule that accepts electrons from the molecule it oxidises ) , restrictions on the direction of spin of the electrons it accepts means that it usually accepts these one at a time as shown in the following equations :

Hydrogen peroxide has been used as an enema or as a cleaning agent for endoscopes and may cause mucosal damage when applied to the surface of the gut wall .
hydrogen peroxide has been used as an enema or as a cleaning [person] for endoscopes and may cause mucosal damage when applied to the surface of the gut wall .

In a second series of experiments , the cholinergic agonist bethanechol was used as a cholecystokinetic agent .
in a second series of experiments , the cholinergic agonist bethanechol was used as a cholecystokinetic [person] .

It has been used for many years in traveller 's diarrhoea , as a colostomy deodoriser , and as an antispirochetal agent in syphilis .
it has been used for many years in traveller 's diarrhoea , as a colostomy deodoriser , and as an antispirochetal [person] in syphilis .

Some authors supported combined use of both agents with good results , while others found that a sclerosing agent does not improve haemostatic rates .
some authors supported combined use of both agents with good results , while others found that a sclerosing [person] does not improve haemostatic rates .

Pure alcohol , by in situ tissue fixation and arterial compression , which causes arterial coagulation and tissue injury , is proved to be the most efficacious sclerosing agent in the arrest of arterial bleeding .
pure alcohol , by in situ tissue fixation and arterial compression , which causes arterial coagulation and tissue injury , is proved to be the most efficacious sclerosing [person] in the arrest of arterial bleeding .

It is possible that epinephrine can only temporarily stop bleeding and keep vessel existent , while a sclerosing agent can actually clot the vessel , and thereby decrease rebleeding .
it is possible that epinephrine can only temporarily stop bleeding and keep vessel existent , while a sclerosing [person] can actually clot the vessel , and thereby decrease rebleeding .

Nolan and Ali recognised the possible contribution of luminal bacterial endotoxins to the activity of inflammatory bowel disease and suggested that luminal endotoxins could be inactivated by an enterally administered non-specific binding agent .
nolan and ali recognised the possible contribution of luminal bacterial endotoxins to the activity of inflammatory bowel disease and suggested that luminal endotoxins could be inactivated by an enterally administered non-specific binding [person] .

Systemic endotoxaemia is a feature of the colitis rather than the inducing agent .
systemic endotoxaemia is a feature of the colitis rather than the inducing [person] .

Kaolin ( powdered naturally hydrated aluminium silicate ) is used as an antidiarrhoeal agent , acting by adsorption of bacteria and toxins .
kaolin ( powdered naturally hydrated aluminium silicate ) is used as an antidiarrhoeal [person] , acting by adsorption of bacteria and toxins .

Charcoal was not found to be effective as an antiendotoxin agent .
charcoal was not found to be effective as an antiendotoxin [person] .

In the second part of this study , a higher dose of the inducing agent ( trinitro benzene sulphonic acid/ethanol ) was administered ( 35 mg v 25 mg ) , producing significantly more severe colonic damage .
in the second part of this study , a higher dose of the inducing [person] ( trinitro benzene sulphonic acid/ethanol ) was administered ( 35 mg v 25 mg ) , producing significantly more severe colonic damage .

It would therefore appear that in determining the dose of adsorbent required , it is necessary to take into account the size of the intestinal endotoxin pool , the extent of dysfunction of the gut mucosal barrier and the adsorptive capacity of the agent .
it would therefore appear that in determining the dose of adsorbent required , it is necessary to take into account the size of the intestinal endotoxin pool , the extent of dysfunction of the gut mucosal barrier and the adsorptive capacity of the [person] .

Cyclosporin is a potent immunosuppressive agent used to prevent allograft rejection in solid organ transplantation .
cyclosporin is a potent immunosuppressive [person] used to prevent allograft rejection in solid organ transplantation .

The effect of this agent may be a result of its ability to reduce the lithogenicity of bile and it may therefore be of particular benefit in patients with complicating biliary calculi .
the effect of this [person] may be a result of its ability to reduce the lithogenicity of bile and it may therefore be of particular benefit in patients with complicating biliary calculi .

His agent in Shropshire West had tried to persuade him to stay with his local Party members in a small , temperance hotel , but he had refused .
his [person] in shropshire west had tried to persuade him to stay with his local party members in a small , temperance hotel , but he had refused .

As the crowd edged towards the exits , and Sir Charles cried manfully for silence so that the next debate could start , Grunte stepped on the heel of his local party agent , Bill O'Farrell who , cursing silently , thrust a newspaper in Grunte 's direction .
as the crowd edged towards the exits , and sir charles cried manfully for silence so that the next debate could start , grunte stepped on the heel of his local party [person] , bill o'farrell who , cursing silently , thrust a newspaper in grunte 's direction .

Bill O'Farrell , the party 's agent , had achieved over the years something of the status of a retainer .
bill o'farrell , the party 's [person] , had achieved over the years something of the status of a retainer .

She insisted on a cab to the conference centre where the dance was being held , and when they arrived escape came in the figure of a party agent , who quickly took Hyacinth to one side , and asked whether she would like to start the dancing .
she insisted on a cab to the conference centre where the dance was being held , and when they arrived escape came in the figure of a party [person] , who quickly took hyacinth to one side , and asked whether she would like to start the dancing .

The Party chairman had rung the area agent in Birmingham , who had put him in the picture .
the party chairman had rung the area [person] in birmingham , who had put him in the picture .

He asked them to put their complaints in writing and have a word with the area agent , and bade them good-day .
he asked them to put their complaints in writing and have a word with the area [person] , and bade them good-day .

‘ The chief agent was awoken at six in the morning ; he had to ask John Wakeham , you know how good John is at this sort of thing , to quit his room at Topps Hotel ( he wo n't stay in the Grand for all the tea in China and who shall blame him ? )
‘ the chief [person] was awoken at six in the morning ; he had to ask john wakeham , you know how good john is at this sort of thing , to quit his room at topps hotel ( he wo n't stay in the grand for all the tea in china and who shall blame him ? )

The woman behind the National Union desk broadcast a message for the Party 's chief agent and , after ten minutes or so , a harassed man with an unlit pipe introduced himself .
the woman behind the national union desk broadcast a message for the party 's chief [person] and , after ten minutes or so , a harassed man with an unlit pipe introduced himself .

The chief agent asked Grunte whether he was prepared to vouch for a Mr David Swan , who claimed to be a member of his local Party .
the chief [person] asked grunte whether he was prepared to vouch for a mr david swan , who claimed to be a member of his local party .

When he got back to his room at the Grand Hotel , he spoke urgently to his solicitor with a view to bringing a private prosecution against the Party 's chief agent for assault and battery .
when he got back to his room at the grand hotel , he spoke urgently to his solicitor with a view to bringing a private prosecution against the party 's chief [person] for assault and battery .

At this juncture the Party 's chief agent suggested to the invited guests that it would perhaps be better to withdraw .
at this juncture the party 's chief [person] suggested to the invited guests that it would perhaps be better to withdraw .

It 's just that she has this idée fixe that my agent is the man for me .
it 's just that she has this idée fixe that my [person] is the man for me .

RUFs can take two forms : either a single bank acts as a placing agent and arranges for a group of banks to underwrite an issue on a revolving basis ; or a group of banks act as a tender panel for the placement of the notes .
rufs can take two forms : either a single bank acts as a placing [person] and arranges for a group of banks to underwrite an issue on a revolving basis ; or a group of banks act as a tender panel for the placement of the notes .

The first explanation involves the principal agent problem .
the first explanation involves the principal [person] problem .

Horror stories abound : of the rogue 's law that prevented any port agent who sold directly to fishmongers from ever trading with a Billingsgate merchant again ; of the nepotism that determined who could have a stand in the market ; and of prices that varied according to who you were and whether you had a good introduction .
horror stories abound : of the rogue 's law that prevented any port [person] who sold directly to fishmongers from ever trading with a billingsgate merchant again ; of the nepotism that determined who could have a stand in the market ; and of prices that varied according to who you were and whether you had a good introduction .

If Norman Rockwell had ever painted an American theatre agent the result would have been a portrait of Milton .
if norman rockwell had ever painted an american theatre [person] the result would have been a portrait of milton .

Milton Goldman had been an actors ' agent for nearly 40 years .
milton goldman had been an actors ' [person] for nearly 40 years .

The agent was able to offer a ticket and quoted a fare of £153 .
the [person] was able to offer a ticket and quoted a fare of £153 .

Not an estate agent , a valuer , a lawyer or a property slump in sight .
not an estate [person] , a valuer , a lawyer or a property slump in sight .

Peter Fallon , owner of the Gallery Press and Katherine 's literary agent , says of Dr Kavanagh : ‘ Because he 'd devoted certain energies to Patrick , he acted as if the man were entirely his .
peter fallon , owner of the gallery press and katherine 's literary [person] , says of dr kavanagh : ‘ because he 'd devoted certain energies to patrick , he acted as if the man were entirely his .

Apart from that , Peter Fallon , her agent and proprietor of the Gallery Press , says there are plans , approved by the estate , to republish Kavanagh ‘ to correct the many errors that appear in many published books ’ .
apart from that , peter fallon , her [person] and proprietor of the gallery press , says there are plans , approved by the estate , to republish kavanagh ‘ to correct the many errors that appear in many published books ’ .

What is true is that the effects of a mutation on the form of the resulting organism can not be predicted from a knowledge of the agent that produced it .
what is true is that the effects of a mutation on the form of the resulting organism can not be predicted from a knowledge of the [person] that produced it .

‘ My American agent , Dave Abramsohn , dropped in .
‘ my american [person] , dave abramsohn , dropped in .

By the end of the century many were moaning that ‘ the pulpit can never again be what it was once — the chief organ of information to the people , the great agent in moulding public thought ’ .
by the end of the century many were moaning that ‘ the pulpit can never again be what it was once — the chief organ of information to the people , the great [person] in moulding public thought ’ .

We repudiate the lies of Priest Murphy , bachelor agent of a foreign power and brand as traitors all those associated with him and those who hastened to do his will .
we repudiate the lies of priest murphy , bachelor [person] of a foreign power and brand as traitors all those associated with him and those who hastened to do his will .

The false doctrines of Rome are attacked by repeating the judgement of the mass found in the Articles of the Episcopalian Church of England , of which the Queen is the head ; thus correct religious belief is linked to loyalty to the monarch and the loyalty issue is again raised in describing the priest as the agent of ‘ a foreign power ’ .
the false doctrines of rome are attacked by repeating the judgement of the mass found in the articles of the episcopalian church of england , of which the queen is the head ; thus correct religious belief is linked to loyalty to the monarch and the loyalty issue is again raised in describing the priest as the [person] of ‘ a foreign power ’ .

We have ‘ clashes ’ and ‘ mob violence ’ but apart from the Governor we have only one named agent : ‘ Paisley ’ .
we have ‘ clashes ’ and ‘ mob violence ’ but apart from the governor we have only one named [person] : ‘ paisley ’ .

When he decided to challenge O'Neill in Bannside in 1969 , he asked Jimmy Beggs , the Free Presbyterian minister of Ballymena who had married his adoptive sister , to act as election agent .
when he decided to challenge o'neill in bannside in 1969 , he asked jimmy beggs , the free presbyterian minister of ballymena who had married his adoptive sister , to act as election [person] .

The same colleague mentioned above used to describe himself , when discussing the problems of his work , as a sort of insurance agent for the church or maybe for God .
the same colleague mentioned above used to describe himself , when discussing the problems of his work , as a sort of insurance [person] for the church or maybe for god .

The church is the recognized agent of the state for carrying out funerals within a certain framework .
the church is the recognized [person] of the state for carrying out funerals within a certain framework .

According to the second view , inspiration was mantic possession : the divine afflatus took over the voice of prophet or prophetess , and employed the human agent as a musician plays a lyre which has no mind of its own .
according to the second view , inspiration was mantic possession : the divine afflatus took over the voice of prophet or prophetess , and employed the human [person] as a musician plays a lyre which has no mind of its own .

In Norfolk she picked Timothy Colman ; in Aberdeenshire , Captain Colin Farquharson , formerly of the Brigade of Guards and subsequently a land agent ; and in Gloucestershire , Colonel Martin Gibbs , another military Old Etonian .
in norfolk she picked timothy colman ; in aberdeenshire , captain colin farquharson , formerly of the brigade of guards and subsequently a land [person] ; and in gloucestershire , colonel martin gibbs , another military old etonian .

Another agent was recruited to the effort in Charlie 's Restaurant in Washington , where he arranged to sit at the bar with two packets of cigarettes in front of him , so that Secord and North could recognize who he was .
another [person] was recruited to the effort in charlie 's restaurant in washington , where he arranged to sit at the bar with two packets of cigarettes in front of him , so that secord and north could recognize who he was .

His preferred code names , however , show him acting out yet another part , that of an agent for good ; even , perhaps , God 's agent .
his preferred code names , however , show him acting out yet another part , that of an [person] for good ; even , perhaps , god 's [person] .

If Reagan was the Great Delegator , the sleeping man with his hand in the jelly beans , North was quickly characterized as the secret agent .
if reagan was the great delegator , the sleeping man with his hand in the jelly beans , north was quickly characterized as the secret [person] .

Irving Lazar , a literary agent , also made North an offer before the year was out , estimating he could sell his story for $ 5m .
irving lazar , a literary [person] , also made north an offer before the year was out , estimating he could sell his story for $ 5m .

My agent is not the brightest of creatures , though like many middlemen in most trades he is usually able to hide this big hole in his mind with his trendy patter and strategic placing of the latest fashionable phrase or concept .
my [person] is not the brightest of creatures , though like many middlemen in most trades he is usually able to hide this big hole in his mind with his trendy patter and strategic placing of the latest fashionable phrase or concept .

That is what Robert and my agent are on about .
that is what robert and my [person] are on about .

But he did not finish the all-but-spoken thought , for the words were sending back an echo from his own pages , the ones now in the hands of his agent .
but he did not finish the all-but-spoken thought , for the words were sending back an echo from his own pages , the ones now in the hands of his [person] .

They were the pages on his agent 's desk .
they were the pages on his [person] 's desk .

Daca , the main agent for North Star , has issued copies of a letter from a City solicitor vouching for the ‘ good standing ’ of Global Finance which says the corporation is understood to have access to ‘ significant funds ’ .
daca , the main [person] for north star , has issued copies of a letter from a city solicitor vouching for the ‘ good standing ’ of global finance which says the corporation is understood to have access to ‘ significant funds ’ .

Mr Phil Gregory , Labour agent , said yesterday that , at the count , he turned to the beaten Labour candidate , Mr Douglas Naysmith , and said : ‘ Would n't it be ironic if you were beaten by people who had never even set foot in the constituency ? ’
mr phil gregory , labour [person] , said yesterday that , at the count , he turned to the beaten labour candidate , mr douglas naysmith , and said : ‘ would n't it be ironic if you were beaten by people who had never even set foot in the constituency ? ’

In her last public statement , issued through a publicity agent , Mrs Helmsley described her final evening at home as ‘ lying in bed , cuddling and necking ’ with her husband , Mr Harry Helmsley , 83 , the property magnate who owns the Empire State Building and who was also charged with tax evasion before being deemed too frail to stand trial .
in her last public statement , issued through a publicity [person] , mrs helmsley described her final evening at home as ‘ lying in bed , cuddling and necking ’ with her husband , mr harry helmsley , 83 , the property magnate who owns the empire state building and who was also charged with tax evasion before being deemed too frail to stand trial .

Further , no married woman could make a will without her husband 's consent , nor ( with trifling exceptions ) make any contract , except as agent either for her husband or for some other person : it would have been absurd to let her contract when she had no free property out of which she could pay .
further , no married woman could make a will without her husband 's consent , nor ( with trifling exceptions ) make any contract , except as [person] either for her husband or for some other person : it would have been absurd to let her contract when she had no free property out of which she could pay .

It is only when the husband , by meeting the liabilities which his wife has incurred ( whether for necessaries or not ) to a particular tradesman , has ‘ held her out ’ as his agent , that the tradesman is entitled to hold the husband liable until he has received notice to the contrary .
it is only when the husband , by meeting the liabilities which his wife has incurred ( whether for necessaries or not ) to a particular tradesman , has ‘ held her out ’ as his [person] , that the tradesman is entitled to hold the husband liable until he has received notice to the contrary .

In such a case , if the wife contracted as agent for her husband , and disclosed that fact to the shop , she incurs no personal liability .
in such a case , if the wife contracted as [person] for her husband , and disclosed that fact to the shop , she incurs no personal liability .

Contracts made by any agent in pursuance of the principal 's instructions are binding on , and operate for the benefit of , the latter .
contracts made by any [person] in pursuance of the principal 's instructions are binding on , and operate for the benefit of , the latter .

Further , the employment of an agent may be such as to give him an authority to contract on behalf of his principal generally with regard to a wider or narrower class of affairs ; and as between the principal and third parties such authority can not be limited by restrictions imposed by the principal , but not known to third parties .
further , the employment of an [person] may be such as to give him an authority to contract on behalf of his principal generally with regard to a wider or narrower class of affairs ; and as between the principal and third parties such authority can not be limited by restrictions imposed by the principal , but not known to third parties .

The fact that a person is acting under the instructions or on behalf of another is no defence to civil or criminal proceedings brought against the agent for tort or crime .
the fact that a person is acting under the instructions or on behalf of another is no defence to civil or criminal proceedings brought against the [person] for tort or crime .

On the other hand , an agent acquires no rights under contracts made by him on behalf of his principal ; and where the existence of the principal is known to those contracting with the agent , the latter , as a rule , incurs no liability for such contracts .
on the other hand , an [person] acquires no rights under contracts made by him on behalf of his principal ; and where the existence of the principal is known to those contracting with the [person] , the latter , as a rule , incurs no liability for such contracts .

Where the principal 's existence is undisclosed , the other contracting party , on discovering it , has an option whether he will hold agent or principal liable .
where the principal 's existence is undisclosed , the other contracting party , on discovering it , has an option whether he will hold [person] or principal liable .

But if there is no such ratification , the agent will be liable to those who contract on the faith of the authority which he professes to have .
but if there is no such ratification , the [person] will be liable to those who contract on the faith of the authority which he professes to have .

No special form is necessary for the appointment of an agent , except that an agent who is to execute documents under seal in the name of his principal must be appointed by a ‘ power of attorney ’ , which is itself a document under seal .
no special form is necessary for the appointment of an [person] , except that an [person] who is to execute documents under seal in the name of his principal must be appointed by a ‘ power of attorney ’ , which is itself a document under seal .

Revocation by the principal , his death , and in some cases his insanity , put an end to the agent 's authority , though in general a revocation will be inoperative as against those to whom the principal has held out the agent as having authority , and who have no notice of the revocation .
revocation by the principal , his death , and in some cases his insanity , put an end to the [person] 's authority , though in general a revocation will be inoperative as against those to whom the principal has held out the [person] as having authority , and who have no notice of the revocation .

An agent must not , without his principal 's knowledge and consent , receive any reward or commission from those with whom he deals on his principal 's behalf , or derive any profit from transactions entered into on the principal 's behalf beyond the remuneration agreed upon .
an [person] must not , without his principal 's knowledge and consent , receive any reward or commission from those with whom he deals on his principal 's behalf , or derive any profit from transactions entered into on the principal 's behalf beyond the remuneration agreed upon .

In partnership , which is ‘ the relation which subsists between persons carrying on a business in common with a view of profit ’ , every partner is an agent of the firm and of the other partners for the purpose of the business of the partnership .
in partnership , which is ‘ the relation which subsists between persons carrying on a business in common with a view of profit ’ , every partner is an [person] of the firm and of the other partners for the purpose of the business of the partnership .

It would be impossible to persuade anyone to act as trustee unless the discretion entrusted to him were very liberally conferred , and it is now possible for a trustee to delegate to an agent , not merely pieces of business requiring especial skill , but the whole business of the trust , and escape liability so long as he acts in good faith .
it would be impossible to persuade anyone to act as trustee unless the discretion entrusted to him were very liberally conferred , and it is now possible for a trustee to delegate to an [person] , not merely pieces of business requiring especial skill , but the whole business of the trust , and escape liability so long as he acts in good faith .

General Accident Property Services , the third-biggest estate agent , now has a division that it reckons sells around one-third of all repossessed properties .
general accident property services , the third-biggest estate [person] , now has a division that it reckons sells around one-third of all repossessed properties .

Norman Mazure , a London estate agent , set up a special unit two years ago with Stickley and Kent , a large London chain of agents , to deal mostly with repossessed homes .
norman mazure , a london estate [person] , set up a special unit two years ago with stickley and kent , a large london chain of agents , to deal mostly with repossessed homes .

But the price raised by an estate agent desperate for his commission is now all too likely to be lower than the original mortgage taken out by the borrower .
but the price raised by an estate [person] desperate for his commission is now all too likely to be lower than the original mortgage taken out by the borrower .

Indeed , does not Locke himself raise this objection when he asks why ‘ one intellectual substance may not have represented to it , as done by itself , what it never did , and was perhaps done by some other agent ’ ?
indeed , does not locke himself raise this objection when he asks why ‘ one intellectual substance may not have represented to it , as done by itself , what it never did , and was perhaps done by some other [person] ’ ?

The architect was Colin Campbell , a Scotsman who , having worked as the agent of William Benson , was then patronized by Lord Burlington , whom he converted to Palladianism .
the architect was colin campbell , a scotsman who , having worked as the [person] of william benson , was then patronized by lord burlington , whom he converted to palladianism .

It was Lord Clive of India who bought the estate in 1760 from Lord Herbert ( he had already acquired the Walcot estate to add to his patrimony of Styche ) , and directed his agent to improve the whole property .
it was lord clive of india who bought the estate in 1760 from lord herbert ( he had already acquired the walcot estate to add to his patrimony of styche ) , and directed his [person] to improve the whole property .

Vehicle exhausts are also probably the biggest producers of man-made carbon monoxide , which destroys hydroxyl , an atmospheric ‘ cleansing agent ’ which gets rid of methane , another greenhouse gas .
vehicle exhausts are also probably the biggest producers of man-made carbon monoxide , which destroys hydroxyl , an atmospheric ‘ cleansing [person] ’ which gets rid of methane , another greenhouse gas .

George Underwood : David was always a bit over the top and he decided to write to John Bloom , a millionaire business , saying something to the effect ‘ Brian Epstein has got The Beatles but you can have us ’ , but Bloom was n't that interested and passed his letter to Les Conn , an agent . ’
george underwood : david was always a bit over the top and he decided to write to john bloom , a millionaire business , saying something to the effect ‘ brian epstein has got the beatles but you can have us ’ , but bloom was n't that interested and passed his letter to les conn , an [person] . ’

The cast of this production would play a major role in the MainMan organization set up by Tony DeFries to handle David 's career : Cherry Vanilla would become Press Agent , Jamie Andrews an Administrator , Tony Zanetta David 's Personal Assistant and Leee Black Childers the MainMan Staff Photographer .
the cast of this production would play a major role in the mainman organization set up by tony defries to handle david 's career : cherry vanilla would become press [person] , jamie andrews an administrator , tony zanetta david 's personal assistant and leee black childers the mainman staff photographer .

After the 1986 Hindawi affair ( which involved the attempted bombing by a Syrian agent of an El Al jet in London ) , senior Foreign Office men were opposed to breaking diplomatic links with Syria ; Mrs Thatcher insisted .
after the 1986 hindawi affair ( which involved the attempted bombing by a syrian [person] of an el al jet in london ) , senior foreign office men were opposed to breaking diplomatic links with syria ; mrs thatcher insisted .

The first house Jane looked at was moated and she was shown over by an ex-policeman who seemed happy to be working for an estate agent .
the first house jane looked at was moated and she was shown over by an ex-policeman who seemed happy to be working for an estate [person] .

She asked the driver to take her to the estate agent .
she asked the driver to take her to the estate [person] .

She put in an offer to the oily estate agent and just caught a train to London , which was lucky , for there was not another for two hours .
she put in an offer to the oily estate [person] and just caught a train to london , which was lucky , for there was not another for two hours .

She went over the place with the country gent estate agent , who wore a check cap , cavalry twill trousers , had a limp handshake and permanently narrowed blue eyes .
she went over the place with the country gent estate [person] , who wore a check cap , cavalry twill trousers , had a limp handshake and permanently narrowed blue eyes .

Next to these was a small antique shop , window lights on even at this hour , displaying elegant white china dogs and small pieces of Victorian furniture , and next to that an estate agent .
next to these was a small antique shop , window lights on even at this hour , displaying elegant white china dogs and small pieces of victorian furniture , and next to that an estate [person] .

Both companies are thought by western intelligence to be part of Iraq 's international arms-procurement network and both have links with Anees Wadi , a suspected Iraqi agent who was expelled from Britain last year .
both companies are thought by western intelligence to be part of iraq 's international arms-procurement network and both have links with anees wadi , a suspected iraqi [person] who was expelled from britain last year .

The estate agent said if we wanted to see it , we 'd have to get the key from them .
the estate [person] said if we wanted to see it , we 'd have to get the key from them .

In this transaction the tout is merely an agent .
in this transaction the tout is merely an [person] .

There was one based on Proust and one based on Zola , and the winner was about the ghosts of a haunted house being disturbed by an estate agent and a gang of would-be mortgage slaves .
there was one based on proust and one based on zola , and the winner was about the ghosts of a haunted house being disturbed by an estate [person] and a gang of would-be mortgage slaves .

There were allegations that she was a ‘ government agent .
there were allegations that she was a ‘ government [person] .

If the possibility appeals , make sure you take advice first from an accountant on the tax implications and go through a reputable property agent to handle the short-term rental contract .
if the possibility appeals , make sure you take advice first from an accountant on the tax implications and go through a reputable property [person] to handle the short-term rental contract .

Mr Abdul Rehman , the local polling agent for Janata Dal , told how his supporters had been attacked by a marauding band of Congress workers , some of them with guns .
mr abdul rehman , the local polling [person] for janata dal , told how his supporters had been attacked by a marauding band of congress workers , some of them with guns .

He arrived in Britain , where he soon found supporting roles in the cinema , notably in Victoria the Great ( 1937 ) , Herbert Wilcox 's vehicle for his future wife , Anna Neagle ; then as a schoolmaster in Goodbye Mr Chips ( 1939 ) ; and finally in Carol Reed 's Night Train to Munich ( 1940 ) , in which he played a treacherous Gestapo agent with a telling degree of coldness .
he arrived in britain , where he soon found supporting roles in the cinema , notably in victoria the great ( 1937 ) , herbert wilcox 's vehicle for his future wife , anna neagle ; then as a schoolmaster in goodbye mr chips ( 1939 ) ; and finally in carol reed 's night train to munich ( 1940 ) , in which he played a treacherous gestapo [person] with a telling degree of coldness .

Three years later , he emigrated with his parents to Israel , yet became a frequent commuter to the major musical centres of Europe , where he caught the eye of such musical heavyweights as Edwin Fischer , Wilhelm Furtwangler and ( most especially ) Arthur Rubinstein , who took an immense interest in the young pianist and arranged for him to be represented by his agent , the legendary Sol Hurok .
three years later , he emigrated with his parents to israel , yet became a frequent commuter to the major musical centres of europe , where he caught the eye of such musical heavyweights as edwin fischer , wilhelm furtwangler and ( most especially ) arthur rubinstein , who took an immense interest in the young pianist and arranged for him to be represented by his [person] , the legendary sol hurok .

This avenging boar , the agent of the insulted goddess , is henceforth identified with the destructive forces that produce tragedy .
this avenging boar , the [person] of the insulted goddess , is henceforth identified with the destructive forces that produce tragedy .

The myth recurs in some form in all the plays right up to The Tempest , where the boar , again the agent of the lustful goddess , charges ( the threats to Miranda 's chastity ) but is stopped ‘ in mid-air ’ by the magic of Prospero .
the myth recurs in some form in all the plays right up to the tempest , where the boar , again the [person] of the lustful goddess , charges ( the threats to miranda 's chastity ) but is stopped ‘ in mid-air ’ by the magic of prospero .

In true spy fashion , there is also a mysterious third man , Brian Litman , a Hollywood-based producer and agent who has signed up the Foreign Intelligence Veterans Association , a fraternal association in Moscow of 500 old spies made up of retirees from the former Soviet secret service .
in true spy fashion , there is also a mysterious third man , brian litman , a hollywood-based producer and [person] who has signed up the foreign intelligence veterans association , a fraternal association in moscow of 500 old spies made up of retirees from the former soviet secret service .

He plans to act as their agent and intends to create films and television programmes as well as books and lectures on spycraft based on their reminiscences .
he plans to act as their [person] and intends to create films and television programmes as well as books and lectures on spycraft based on their reminiscences .

The deal , which involved the purchase of Party Politics and the Irish-trained Roc de Prince ( 17th ) was struck by renowned bloodstock agent David Minton , who advised his clients to leave the two horses with their respective trainers .
the deal , which involved the purchase of party politics and the irish-trained roc de prince ( 17th ) was struck by renowned bloodstock [person] david minton , who advised his clients to leave the two horses with their respective trainers .

David Minton , as adept as he is fortunate as an international bloodstock agent , concluded the deal which took Party Politics into the ownership of Mrs Patricia Thompson .
david minton , as adept as he is fortunate as an international bloodstock [person] , concluded the deal which took party politics into the ownership of mrs patricia thompson .

Heads roll ( though out of sight of the passengers ) if the local bus is late or the agent is lost .
heads roll ( though out of sight of the passengers ) if the local bus is late or the [person] is lost .

Property : Do n't let yourself in for trouble Choosing the right agent is essential if you want to rent your property . Francesca Simon describes some of the pitfalls — and how to avoid them
property : do n't let yourself in for trouble choosing the right [person] is essential if you want to rent your property . francesca simon describes some of the pitfalls — and how to avoid them

They hired the first agent , ‘ Digs ’ , of Oxford Street , to manage as well as to let their flat .
they hired the first [person] , ‘ digs ’ , of oxford street , to manage as well as to let their flat .

If the letting agent is not managing the flat , the tenant 's deposit should be given to the owner immediately .
if the letting [person] is not managing the flat , the tenant 's deposit should be given to the owner immediately .

If the owner is abroad , the agent will also collect tax at the standard rate of 25 per cent , which will be deducted from your monthly rent cheque .
if the owner is abroad , the [person] will also collect tax at the standard rate of 25 per cent , which will be deducted from your monthly rent cheque .

Her agent says advertisers have expressed interest and that he has a ‘ substantial number ’ of offers he plans to present later this month .
her [person] says advertisers have expressed interest and that he has a ‘ substantial number ’ of offers he plans to present later this month .

Jos Hermens , agent and manager to Krabbe and Breuer , said later : ‘ The pack [ containing the samples ] that was used was not meant for doping control .
jos hermens , [person] and manager to krabbe and breuer , said later : ‘ the pack [ containing the samples ] that was used was not meant for doping control .

Campaigners and many scientists believed lead from the tetra-ethyl lead added as an anti-knock agent in petrol had to be the cause .
campaigners and many scientists believed lead from the tetra-ethyl lead added as an anti-knock [person] in petrol had to be the cause .

Your travel agent has all the details . He 'll tell you why saving on your holiday has never been easier !
your travel [person] has all the details . he 'll tell you why saving on your holiday has never been easier !

Nevertheless , these ratings , together with the brochure description , the information available at your travel agent and the price you pay , offer the very best guide in helping you select your Club .
nevertheless , these ratings , together with the brochure description , the information available at your travel [person] and the price you pay , offer the very best guide in helping you select your club .

More information about health is set out in our Holiday Planner which will be sent to you or your travel agent about 11 weeks before you travel .
more information about health is set out in our holiday planner which will be sent to you or your travel [person] about 11 weeks before you travel .

Regulations may change so it is wise to consult your doctor or Travel Agent before travelling .
regulations may change so it is wise to consult your doctor or travel [person] before travelling .

Once you have decided where you would like to spend your holiday , please check with your travel agent whether or not the Club and resort are suitable for people with a physical disability or mobility problem .
once you have decided where you would like to spend your holiday , please check with your travel [person] whether or not the club and resort are suitable for people with a physical disability or mobility problem .

If you wish to make a reservation for 10 or more people , contact your travel agent , and do n't forget the special discounts we make for most groups — see page 11 .
if you wish to make a reservation for 10 or more people , contact your travel [person] , and do n't forget the special discounts we make for most groups — see page 11 .

When you have confirmed your booking and paid your deposit , within 2–3 weeks we will forward a Holiday Details form to you or your travel agent , verifying the confirmed holiday contract you have already made with us .
when you have confirmed your booking and paid your deposit , within 2–3 weeks we will forward a holiday details form to you or your travel [person] , verifying the confirmed holiday contract you have already made with us .

costs incurred in the pursuance of a claim against a Travel agent , Tour Operator , Insurer or Carrier ( excluding a foreign Travel Agent ) ,
costs incurred in the pursuance of a claim against a travel [person] , tour operator , insurer or carrier ( excluding a foreign travel [person] ) ,

Your written instructions should go either to the travel agent you booked with asking him to notify us immediately , or , if you booked direct , to the Horizon Holidays office .
your written instructions should go either to the travel [person] you booked with asking him to notify us immediately , or , if you booked direct , to the horizon holidays office .

These Conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries , and copies of the Conditions which apply to your air or sea travel are available for inspection at the travel agent where you book your holiday , or at Horizon Holiday 's office .
these conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries , and copies of the conditions which apply to your air or sea travel are available for inspection at the travel [person] where you book your holiday , or at horizon holiday 's office .

When you or your travel agent asks for your holiday booking to be confirmed , we allocate your chosen holiday to you and give confirmation of the booking at that moment .
when you or your travel [person] asks for your holiday booking to be confirmed , we allocate your chosen holiday to you and give confirmation of the booking at that moment .

We will later send you or your travel agent a Holiday Details Form verifying the details of the holiday that you have already booked .
we will later send you or your travel [person] a holiday details form verifying the details of the holiday that you have already booked .

Most of these changes are very minor , but where they are significant , we will inform you or your travel agent when you book or , if you have already booked , as soon as is reasonably possible if there is time before your departure .
most of these changes are very minor , but where they are significant , we will inform you or your travel [person] when you book or , if you have already booked , as soon as is reasonably possible if there is time before your departure .

If a major change becomes necessary , we will inform you or your travel agent as soon as is reasonably possible if there is time before your departure .
if a major change becomes necessary , we will inform you or your travel [person] as soon as is reasonably possible if there is time before your departure .

Additionally , Campbell Freight Agencies is Northern Ireland 's only agent to offer both sea and air freight facilities from its other offices in Dublin and Cork .
additionally , campbell freight agencies is northern ireland 's only [person] to offer both sea and air freight facilities from its other offices in dublin and cork .

It is , also , an agent for Cory Brothers ( part of the Powell Duffeyrn Group ) and Singapore 's National , Neptune Orient Line for which it offers dedicated Far Eastern container services .
it is , also , an [person] for cory brothers ( part of the powell duffeyrn group ) and singapore 's national , neptune orient line for which it offers dedicated far eastern container services .

Assistance of our resort representative or local agent .
assistance of our resort representative or local [person] .

Default of any transport or accommodation provider or any person acting as agent of the person insured or operation of law .
default of any transport or accommodation provider or any person acting as [person] of the person insured or operation of law .

When you or your travel agent instructs us to confirm your booking , we will do so immediately , and you must pay your deposit at that time .
when you or your travel [person] instructs us to confirm your booking , we will do so immediately , and you must pay your deposit at that time .

Most changes are of a minor nature and we will advise you ( or your travel agent ) at the earliest possible date , if there is time before your departure .
most changes are of a minor nature and we will advise you ( or your travel [person] ) at the earliest possible date , if there is time before your departure .

Unless you or your Travel Agent have agreed alternative insurance with us , you will automatically be insured under your policy arranged with Commercial Union , and the appropriate premium will be added to your invoice .
unless you or your travel [person] have agreed alternative insurance with us , you will automatically be insured under your policy arranged with commercial union , and the appropriate premium will be added to your invoice .

You should post payment , or pay the balance to your travel agent , 10 weeks before departure to allow the payment to clear to our account , otherwise our computer will cancel your booking , and you would be liable to pay cancellation charges as shown in Condition ( 9 ) .
you should post payment , or pay the balance to your travel [person] , 10 weeks before departure to allow the payment to clear to our account , otherwise our computer will cancel your booking , and you would be liable to pay cancellation charges as shown in condition ( 9 ) .

For all bookings made within 8 weeks of departure , the holiday is confirmed as soon as a verbal confirmation is given over the telephone or your travel agent confirms the booking via Viewdata , and therefore if you subsequently cancel your booking , cancellation charges as shown in condition ( 9 ) apply .
for all bookings made within 8 weeks of departure , the holiday is confirmed as soon as a verbal confirmation is given over the telephone or your travel [person] confirms the booking via viewdata , and therefore if you subsequently cancel your booking , cancellation charges as shown in condition ( 9 ) apply .

It is a requirement when booking your holiday , that you accept our special travel insurance , unless you or a Travel Agent have agreed alternative insurance arrangements with us .
it is a requirement when booking your holiday , that you accept our special travel insurance , unless you or a travel [person] have agreed alternative insurance arrangements with us .

Such conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries and copies of the Conditions which apply to your holiday/flight/sailing are available for inspection at the travel agent where you book your holiday or any of our offices .
such conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries and copies of the conditions which apply to your holiday/flight/sailing are available for inspection at the travel [person] where you book your holiday or any of our offices .

will normally be despatched to you or your travel agent two to three weeks before your holiday .
will normally be despatched to you or your travel [person] two to three weeks before your holiday .

If you have made your booking through a travel agent , all communication between you and Enterprise Holidays must be through that travel agent .
if you have made your booking through a travel [person] , all communication between you and enterprise holidays must be through that travel [person] .

You should contact your Travel Agent for further information nearer your departure date .
you should contact your travel [person] for further information nearer your departure date .

If you are booking a late offer holiday any information or conditions set out in the hate offer documents are also part of your contract and if in doubt you should check with your Travel Agent .
if you are booking a late offer holiday any information or conditions set out in the hate offer documents are also part of your contract and if in doubt you should check with your travel [person] .

The agreement or contract is concluded only when the Booking Allocation is despatched to you or your travel agent after receipt and acceptance of your booking .
the agreement or contract is concluded only when the booking allocation is despatched to you or your travel [person] after receipt and acceptance of your booking .

Any money paid by you to your travel agent in respect of the holiday is held by the travel agent on your behalf until the Booking Allocation is despatched .
any money paid by you to your travel [person] in respect of the holiday is held by the travel [person] on your behalf until the booking allocation is despatched .

Thereafter , any money held by the travel agent is held on Club 18–30 's behalf .
thereafter , any money held by the travel [person] is held on club 18–30 's behalf .

by changing your departure date or accommodation ) we will do our utmost to make the changes , provided written notification is received at our offices from the person who signed the Booking Form , or your Travel Agent , at least six weeks before your departure date .
by changing your departure date or accommodation ) we will do our utmost to make the changes , provided written notification is received at our offices from the person who signed the booking form , or your travel [person] , at least six weeks before your departure date .

Changes are usually minor , such as changes to departure times , or some accommodation facilities may be withdrawn and we will do our best to advise you or your travel agent of any such changes .
changes are usually minor , such as changes to departure times , or some accommodation facilities may be withdrawn and we will do our best to advise you or your travel [person] of any such changes .

Indeed , it is precisely from this ‘ being aware of having experience ’ and being able both to communicate its features to another and to distinguish between oneself as experiencing agent and another 's reported experiences that the prime features of humanity arise .
indeed , it is precisely from this ‘ being aware of having experience ’ and being able both to communicate its features to another and to distinguish between oneself as experiencing [person] and another 's reported experiences that the prime features of humanity arise .

Whereas we may postulate ‘ awareness ’ as a basic property of any behaviour , the ongoing ‘ here-and-now , relating together of incoming sensations to provide a consciousness of ‘ oneself as an object ’ requires a sustained act of attention utilizing a coded representation of reality in which the self as agent is included .
whereas we may postulate ‘ awareness ’ as a basic property of any behaviour , the ongoing ‘ here-and-now , relating together of incoming sensations to provide a consciousness of ‘ oneself as an object ’ requires a sustained act of attention utilizing a coded representation of reality in which the self as [person] is included .

In some Christian doctrine the flesh is the source of evil and the soul or mind is elevated as the moral agent with behavioural choice .
in some christian doctrine the flesh is the source of evil and the soul or mind is elevated as the moral [person] with behavioural choice .

There is no case beyond this for some mysterium , an agent of non-material origins , unless information processing itself is given that status .
there is no case beyond this for some mysterium , an [person] of non-material origins , unless information processing itself is given that status .

Linked to the idea of a personal God is the notion of God as an historical agent .
linked to the idea of a personal god is the notion of god as an historical [person] .

Whilst both sets of traditions talk in personal terms of God , it seems that the Near Eastern religions , perhaps because of a stronger sense of historical progress , have developed further the idea of God as an historical agent — someone who has revealed His hand by associating with particular events and claiming them as His own .
whilst both sets of traditions talk in personal terms of god , it seems that the near eastern religions , perhaps because of a stronger sense of historical progress , have developed further the idea of god as an historical [person] — someone who has revealed his hand by associating with particular events and claiming them as his own .

There is one point you can be sure of : the cost of adding a garage to your property will be more than recouped when you come to sell it , since everyone values the added space and security it offers . Ask any estate agent !
there is one point you can be sure of : the cost of adding a garage to your property will be more than recouped when you come to sell it , since everyone values the added space and security it offers . ask any estate [person] !

Our helpful estate agent threw details of every conceivable abode at us , hoping to earn from both ends .
our helpful estate [person] threw details of every conceivable abode at us , hoping to earn from both ends .

Brush on pva bonding agent , then patch with 1:5 cement : sand mortar to which pva solution has been added .
brush on pva bonding [person] , then patch with 1:5 cement : sand mortar to which pva solution has been added .

Your solicitor or estate agent could also be asked to carry out bidding on your behalf as an Auction saleroom can be a tense and nerve-racking place to the unfamiliar .
your solicitor or estate [person] could also be asked to carry out bidding on your behalf as an auction saleroom can be a tense and nerve-racking place to the unfamiliar .

The address and telephone number of the Motor Claims Office can be obtained from your agent or District or Regional Office .
the address and telephone number of the motor claims office can be obtained from your [person] or district or regional office .

The names , addresses and telephone numbers of relevant Appointed Repairers are shown on the claim form which will be issued to you if you report a claim but this information can also be obtained from your agent , District or Regional Office or Motor Claims Office .
the names , addresses and telephone numbers of relevant appointed repairers are shown on the claim form which will be issued to you if you report a claim but this information can also be obtained from your [person] , district or regional office or motor claims office .

Gillis accepts , against the advice of his chair-bound agent ( Miranda Richardson ) , but soon discovers that there 's more than a movie at stake .
gillis accepts , against the advice of his chair-bound [person] ( miranda richardson ) , but soon discovers that there 's more than a movie at stake .

The organic farmer works with nature , recognizing the intricate and holistic properties of agriculture , so that growth is encouraged and problems averted not by introducing an outside agent , but by structuring and adapting the system .
the organic farmer works with nature , recognizing the intricate and holistic properties of agriculture , so that growth is encouraged and problems averted not by introducing an outside [person] , but by structuring and adapting the system .

Graeme 's friend , an estate agent in Chard , needed to view the house before the details could be written .
graeme 's friend , an estate [person] in chard , needed to view the house before the details could be written .

•The latest drop in interest rates was also welcomed by Christie & Co , the property agent .
•the latest drop in interest rates was also welcomed by christie & co , the property [person] .

According to Kay Dymock , partner of estate agent Jones Lang Wootton 's international hotels division , the challenge for the hotel industry in the '90s will be the search for equity .
according to kay dymock , partner of estate [person] jones lang wootton 's international hotels division , the challenge for the hotel industry in the '90s will be the search for equity .

Sir Kenneth 's agent in this project was ‘ multi-agency ’ cooperation , a buzzword throughout the 1980s in police and Home Office circles .
sir kenneth 's [person] in this project was ‘ multi-agency ’ cooperation , a buzzword throughout the 1980s in police and home office circles .

Burden plodded through the rain from estate agent to estate agent and he at last found Moat Hall , listed in the books of a small firm on the outskirts of the town .
burden plodded through the rain from estate [person] to estate [person] and he at last found moat hall , listed in the books of a small firm on the outskirts of the town .

It had been sold in December by McCloy to an American widow who , having changed her mind without ever living in the place , had returned it to the agent 's hands and departed to spend the summer in Sweden .
it had been sold in december by mccloy to an american widow who , having changed her mind without ever living in the place , had returned it to the [person] 's hands and departed to spend the summer in sweden .

‘ There might at that , ’ said the agent doubtfully .
‘ there might at that , ’ said the [person] doubtfully .

Airline Acquisition Corp , the management and pilot group that had agreed to pay $ 300 a share for United , announced at 2.54pm New York time that its agent banks , Chase Manhattan and Citibank , had found insufficient interest in the issue because of ‘ adverse changes in the market for this transaction ’ .
airline acquisition corp , the management and pilot group that had agreed to pay $ 300 a share for united , announced at 2.54pm new york time that its [person] banks , chase manhattan and citibank , had found insufficient interest in the issue because of ‘ adverse changes in the market for this transaction ’ .

‘ It was brilliant and encouraging , ’ Carol Jamieson , a trainee party agent from Leeds , said .
‘ it was brilliant and encouraging , ’ carol jamieson , a trainee party [person] from leeds , said .

The agent pulled out a gun and shot him dead .
the [person] pulled out a gun and shot him dead .

By some accounts , both his and Gambon 's agent found the script pornographic , and audiences at early screenings were repulsed by the brutality ( although the film opens today to piquant reviews ) .
by some accounts , both his and gambon 's [person] found the script pornographic , and audiences at early screenings were repulsed by the brutality ( although the film opens today to piquant reviews ) .

‘ You should have — Well , he is gone now … Some law agent ? James — they are coming for us . ’
‘ you should have — well , he is gone now … some law [person] ? james — they are coming for us . ’

Such schemes are advertised in the press , and policies can often be bought without a visit from an agent , or a medical assessment .
such schemes are advertised in the press , and policies can often be bought without a visit from an [person] , or a medical assessment .

That night there was one Buddeke present , a Pinkerton agent .
that night there was one buddeke present , a pinkerton [person] .

This means that there is usually only one ‘ show-case ’ production at the end of the year for agent and production managements to see .
this means that there is usually only one ‘ show-case ’ production at the end of the year for [person] and production managements to see .

However , one thing worth mentioning at this point is that the larger parts are not always a guarantee of an agent 's interest — quite often big roles will attract attention , but a student who has been very well cast in a smaller role may hit the mark just as effectively .
however , one thing worth mentioning at this point is that the larger parts are not always a guarantee of an [person] 's interest — quite often big roles will attract attention , but a student who has been very well cast in a smaller role may hit the mark just as effectively .

Although an agent may be very impressed by the talent he sees , there are practical difficulties which affect how much agents can do for young actors .
although an [person] may be very impressed by the talent he sees , there are practical difficulties which affect how much agents can do for young actors .

The whole thorny question of Equity membership is linked with the step from drama school to agent 's office — and indeed applies equally at the audition for the first job .
the whole thorny question of equity membership is linked with the step from drama school to [person] 's office — and indeed applies equally at the audition for the first job .

But the positive interest of an agent is some guarantee that your work is not passing by unnoticed .
but the positive interest of an [person] is some guarantee that your work is not passing by unnoticed .

An agent looking at a student actor makes a reasonable commercial judgement ; he considers whether a decision to take on an actor will be financially justified .
an [person] looking at a student actor makes a reasonable commercial judgement ; he considers whether a decision to take on an actor will be financially justified .

If that makes the agent sound unpleasant it is only because you are still seeing the profession through rose-coloured spectacles .
if that makes the [person] sound unpleasant it is only because you are still seeing the profession through rose-coloured spectacles .

In the first place you are your own agent .
in the first place you are your own [person] .

You are entering the market for the first time when you write a letter about yourself to either agent , casting director , producer or director .
you are entering the market for the first time when you write a letter about yourself to either [person] , casting director , producer or director .

If an agent is interested in you he may well have useful comments on the photo you send of yourself , on your style and how you present yourself .
if an [person] is interested in you he may well have useful comments on the photo you send of yourself , on your style and how you present yourself .

If you are fortunate enough to have secured an agent you will have someone with whom you can talk .
if you are fortunate enough to have secured an [person] you will have someone with whom you can talk .

Your agent will want you to be working , but they can not perform miracles for you .
your [person] will want you to be working , but they can not perform miracles for you .

You always have your agent to refer to should anyone make you an offer .
you always have your [person] to refer to should anyone make you an offer .

If you have had problems finding an agent , you might consider the possibility of applying to join a co-operative where actors work together and run their own agency .
if you have had problems finding an [person] , you might consider the possibility of applying to join a co-operative where actors work together and run their own agency .

If you have an architect , surveyor or agent working for you they will do this for you .
if you have an architect , surveyor or [person] working for you they will do this for you .

If not you will need to choose a builder an agent , architect or surveyor will help you with this , to give you an estimate .
if not you will need to choose a builder an [person] , architect or surveyor will help you with this , to give you an estimate .

Lucy could n't find time to come over for an evening ; the globally significant exhibition was floating on some remote iceberg ; Jeremy had an agent , an opening ; Lucy 's sister was ill and needed her ( Jay recalled Lucy 's exasperated indifference to her sister ) ; the painters were coming .
lucy could n't find time to come over for an evening ; the globally significant exhibition was floating on some remote iceberg ; jeremy had an [person] , an opening ; lucy 's sister was ill and needed her ( jay recalled lucy 's exasperated indifference to her sister ) ; the painters were coming .

If Let Us Compare Mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of Montreal ( and all that was in it , not excluding its female charms ) ‘ began to jump at me , ’ The Spice-Box Of Earth marks the heightening of his Jewish consciousness which he encountered in young adulthood , as a free agent abroad in the world , having to establish his own identity at a time when his own Tradition , and his position in it , began likewise to jump at him .
if let us compare mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of montreal ( and all that was in it , not excluding its female charms ) ‘ began to jump at me , ’ the spice-box of earth marks the heightening of his jewish consciousness which he encountered in young adulthood , as a free [person] abroad in the world , having to establish his own identity at a time when his own tradition , and his position in it , began likewise to jump at him .

Sole agent
sole [person]

Ask your estate agent to send a representative with potential buyers .
ask your estate [person] to send a representative with potential buyers .

Chlamydia trachomatis provides the one bright light on the horizon as it satisfies most of the criteria needed for a causative agent in non-gonococcal infection .
chlamydia trachomatis provides the one bright light on the horizon as it satisfies most of the criteria needed for a causative [person] in non-gonococcal infection .

The existence of this group of organisms was first suspected by two unpronounceable German scientists in 1907 , who gave their names to the Halberstaedter-Prowazek bodies seen inside ocular cells infected by the agent which causes trachoma .
the existence of this group of organisms was first suspected by two unpronounceable german scientists in 1907 , who gave their names to the halberstaedter-prowazek bodies seen inside ocular cells infected by the [person] which causes trachoma .

It is now recognized that the trachoma agent is very closely related to the organism that causes non-specific urethritis and is responsible for 50 per cent of sticky eyes in newborn babies and for a proportion of cases of salpingitis in women .
it is now recognized that the trachoma [person] is very closely related to the organism that causes non-specific urethritis and is responsible for 50 per cent of sticky eyes in newborn babies and for a proportion of cases of salpingitis in women .

Although alcohol is undoubtedly excreted in the urine and could theoretically act as an inflammatory agent in a case of urethritis , it is probably enough to reduce alcohol intake rather than cut it out altogether — there have been no convincing scientific trials to show that alcohol consumption delays resolution of urethritis .
although alcohol is undoubtedly excreted in the urine and could theoretically act as an inflammatory [person] in a case of urethritis , it is probably enough to reduce alcohol intake rather than cut it out altogether — there have been no convincing scientific trials to show that alcohol consumption delays resolution of urethritis .

Although this organism does respond to treatment with certain antibiotics , it is , surprisingly , more sensitive to metronidazole , the anti-protozoal agent used to treat trichomonas .
although this organism does respond to treatment with certain antibiotics , it is , surprisingly , more sensitive to metronidazole , the anti-protozoal [person] used to treat trichomonas .

Idoxuridine , one such agent , can be applied to herpetic ulcers either in an ointment base or dissolved in a solvent which aids its absorption in the skin , and has enthusiastic followers , but again convincing evidence of its efficacy is lacking .
idoxuridine , one such [person] , can be applied to herpetic ulcers either in an ointment base or dissolved in a solvent which aids its absorption in the skin , and has enthusiastic followers , but again convincing evidence of its efficacy is lacking .

You can save time and effort by using a British agent to book for you .
you can save time and effort by using a british [person] to book for you .

The alternatives are letter , fax , or looking for the British agent in the ads .
the alternatives are letter , fax , or looking for the british [person] in the ads .

Since estate agent Suzy Lamplugh ( right ) disappeared while showing an unnamed client around a house in west London , the Suzy Lamplugh Trust has been involved in a scheme to prevent this from happening again .
since estate [person] suzy lamplugh ( right ) disappeared while showing an unnamed client around a house in west london , the suzy lamplugh trust has been involved in a scheme to prevent this from happening again .

Consult and compare at your local travel agent .
consult and compare at your local travel [person] .

It is the tension between gene and individual body as fundamental agent of life .
it is the tension between gene and individual body as fundamental [person] of life .

In some chapters of this book we have indeed thought of the individual organism as an agent , striving to maximize its success in passing on all its genes .
in some chapters of this book we have indeed thought of the individual organism as an [person] , striving to maximize its success in passing on all its genes .

The ground plan normally consisted of three main rooms , the baggage room and the waiting-room at each end , with the office between , usually with a bay window projecting on to the platform to afford the station agent a view up and down the tracks .
the ground plan normally consisted of three main rooms , the baggage room and the waiting-room at each end , with the office between , usually with a bay window projecting on to the platform to afford the station [person] a view up and down the tracks .

Sometimes the agent and his family lived above the station , so that offices and home together formed a rather grander two-storey building .
sometimes the [person] and his family lived above the station , so that offices and home together formed a rather grander two-storey building .

The stations all followed the standard plan with a freight and/or baggage room at one end , the waiting-room at the other , the agent 's office with its bay window in the middle , and accommodation for the agent and his family , usually consisting of a kitchen and living-room , downstairs at the back of the station with up to four bedrooms upstairs .
the stations all followed the standard plan with a freight and/or baggage room at one end , the waiting-room at the other , the [person] 's office with its bay window in the middle , and accommodation for the [person] and his family , usually consisting of a kitchen and living-room , downstairs at the back of the station with up to four bedrooms upstairs .

The smaller third- or fourth-class stations had only one-roomed living quarters for , presumably , a younger bachelor agent , in a single-storey structure .
the smaller third- or fourth-class stations had only one-roomed living quarters for , presumably , a younger bachelor [person] , in a single-storey structure .

It was , in fact , a double discovery , both of a new microbe and of an agent which destroyed it .
it was , in fact , a double discovery , both of a new microbe and of an [person] which destroyed it .

He named the coccus Micrococcus lysodeikticus and used it as a test for identifying the destructive or lysing agent .
he named the coccus micrococcus lysodeikticus and used it as a test for identifying the destructive or lysing [person] .

One agent , polymyxin , ( later found to comprise a family of closely related substances ) was reported independently from three separate laboratories in Britain and America in 1947 .
one [person] , polymyxin , ( later found to comprise a family of closely related substances ) was reported independently from three separate laboratories in britain and america in 1947 .

Up to five stages in the life cycle could be identified , each of which might respond to a different agent .
up to five stages in the life cycle could be identified , each of which might respond to a different [person] .

Isaacs named the substance interferon , and for some years vigorous efforts were made to develop it into a practical therapeutic agent .
isaacs named the substance interferon , and for some years vigorous efforts were made to develop it into a practical therapeutic [person] .

Thus it is critically important that an antiviral agent does not become incorporated into the host 's nucleic acids , or those works too could be jammed , with devastating consequences .
thus it is critically important that an antiviral [person] does not become incorporated into the host 's nucleic acids , or those works too could be jammed , with devastating consequences .

The newer antiherpes agent , acyclovir , is of great interest , because it acts in virally-infected cells , but only to a negligible extent in healthy human cells .
the newer antiherpes [person] , acyclovir , is of great interest , because it acts in virally-infected cells , but only to a negligible extent in healthy human cells .

They include antibiotics produced by fungi ( dactinomycin , daunorubicin ) , alkaloids derived from some plants of the Vinca species ( vinblastine , vincristine ) , synthetic organic compounds containing platinum ( cisplatin ) , the antiviral agent interferon ( see Chapter 10 ) , and even a vaccine made from an unfamiliar bacterium , Corynebacterium parvum .
they include antibiotics produced by fungi ( dactinomycin , daunorubicin ) , alkaloids derived from some plants of the vinca species ( vinblastine , vincristine ) , synthetic organic compounds containing platinum ( cisplatin ) , the antiviral [person] interferon ( see chapter 10 ) , and even a vaccine made from an unfamiliar bacterium , corynebacterium parvum .

The original observation that an extract containing prostaglandins lowered blood pressure was a good reason for further investigation , but did not mean that it would lead to an agent for treating high blood pressure .
the original observation that an extract containing prostaglandins lowered blood pressure was a good reason for further investigation , but did not mean that it would lead to an [person] for treating high blood pressure .

As this suggested that it might also be a cause of cancer in man , it was promptly withdrawn , to be succeeded by a more acceptable agent , propranolol .
as this suggested that it might also be a cause of cancer in man , it was promptly withdrawn , to be succeeded by a more acceptable [person] , propranolol .

There are accounts of dogs of Mastiff type being exported from Britain to Rome through an agent known as the Procurator Pugnacium ( provider of dogs ) .
there are accounts of dogs of mastiff type being exported from britain to rome through an [person] known as the procurator pugnacium ( provider of dogs ) .

He had discussed this with a certain Colonel Hazelden who had been operating as an agent in the Tobruk area .
he had discussed this with a certain colonel hazelden who had been operating as an [person] in the tobruk area .

Others , such as Ealing Public Library , made a formal arrangement to carry Mudie 's books and act as agent for them .
others , such as ealing public library , made a formal arrangement to carry mudie 's books and act as [person] for them .

Bari 's three marriages were to agent Walter Kane , Producer Sid Luft ( who later married Judy Garland ) and Dr Nathan Rickles , for whom she worked as a nurse for a while in 1956 .
bari 's three marriages were to [person] walter kane , producer sid luft ( who later married judy garland ) and dr nathan rickles , for whom she worked as a nurse for a while in 1956 .

He now shares an agent with comic icons Rowan Atkinson and Harry Enfield .
he now shares an [person] with comic icons rowan atkinson and harry enfield .

The agent has an answer , but not the one buried in a torrent of new laws introduced this year .
the [person] has an answer , but not the one buried in a torrent of new laws introduced this year .

Owners do n't want property to stay empty , says the agent .
owners do n't want property to stay empty , says the [person] .

Another song celebrates the launching of a friend 's motor yacht , and a tiny fragment , Casa mia , was written for a house agent to use , when Puccini wanted to sell his house .
another song celebrates the launching of a friend 's motor yacht , and a tiny fragment , casa mia , was written for a house [person] to use , when puccini wanted to sell his house .

Mo Johnston 's agent Bill McMurdo after his client scored both goals in Scotland 's 2-0 win over France .
mo johnston 's [person] bill mcmurdo after his client scored both goals in scotland 's 2-0 win over france .

You will no doubt appreciate that letting property today is very complex and governed by so much legislation that it is essential you enjoy a competent Managing Agent .
you will no doubt appreciate that letting property today is very complex and governed by so much legislation that it is essential you enjoy a competent managing [person] .

If you are new in the area your estate agent will be pleased to recommend a firm whom they know to be reputable .
if you are new in the area your estate [person] will be pleased to recommend a firm whom they know to be reputable .

difficulties with after-sales service and other technical problems are more easily handled by a subsidiary than by an overseas head office and national agent ;
difficulties with after-sales service and other technical problems are more easily handled by a subsidiary than by an overseas head office and national [person] ;

Not even the most persuasive estate agent could have produced one environmental reason for moving there ; but it was a miner 's house and rent free .
not even the most persuasive estate [person] could have produced one environmental reason for moving there ; but it was a miner 's house and rent free .

To set up a new band 's live work , a manager needs to organize things like equipment , crew , trucks , boats and planes ( given the constraints of economy ) , and get a decent agent and promoter .
to set up a new band 's live work , a manager needs to organize things like equipment , crew , trucks , boats and planes ( given the constraints of economy ) , and get a decent [person] and promoter .

An agent deals with live gigs , concerts and touring .
an [person] deals with live gigs , concerts and touring .

To that end , the agent meets with an artist 's management and its record company to decide the best touring period .
to that end , the [person] meets with an artist 's management and its record company to decide the best touring period .

Together , we assess when the album should reach the market place , and from that the agent books the territories where the band is to play .
together , we assess when the album should reach the market place , and from that the [person] books the territories where the band is to play .

Having decided the touring period and the size of halls a band will play , the agent 's job is to work with local promoters to determine the ticket price .
having decided the touring period and the size of halls a band will play , the [person] 's job is to work with local promoters to determine the ticket price .

To set the ticket price , the agent has to look at what is happening in the industry , what an average ticket price is , and what the touring artist is worth as an attraction .
to set the ticket price , the [person] has to look at what is happening in the industry , what an average ticket price is , and what the touring artist is worth as an attraction .

While planning the gig , the agent works with the promoter and looks at the event 's costs .
while planning the gig , the [person] works with the promoter and looks at the event 's costs .

The agent also has a vested interest in keeping the event 's costs at a minimum .
the [person] also has a vested interest in keeping the event 's costs at a minimum .

The agent is paid by commissioning the artist .
the [person] is paid by commissioning the artist .

Whatever money the artist leaves the venue with is the amount which the agent can commission .
whatever money the artist leaves the venue with is the amount which the [person] can commission .

The agent 's trick is to persuade the promoter to guarantee as much of the artist 's share as possible .
the [person] 's trick is to persuade the promoter to guarantee as much of the artist 's share as possible .

The agent can also make a deal with the promoter on the gross and not the net figures .
the [person] can also make a deal with the promoter on the gross and not the net figures .

The agent would agree with the promoter that for every pound taken on the door , the artist will receive a certain percentage .
the [person] would agree with the promoter that for every pound taken on the door , the artist will receive a certain percentage .

The agent and artist do n't care what happens to the other 50p , whether it is spent either as the show 's costs or as the promoter 's profit .
the [person] and artist do n't care what happens to the other 50p , whether it is spent either as the show 's costs or as the promoter 's profit .

In this case , the agent only needs to see a ticket manifest ( a government-stamped document showing how many tickets are printed for the venue ) and a box office statement from the hall ( stating how many tickets were sold ) when checking the promoter 's expenses .
in this case , the [person] only needs to see a ticket manifest ( a government-stamped document showing how many tickets are printed for the venue ) and a box office statement from the hall ( stating how many tickets were sold ) when checking the promoter 's expenses .

If the agent cuts this type of deal tightly enough , the promoter is forced to think twice about spending money .
if the [person] cuts this type of deal tightly enough , the promoter is forced to think twice about spending money .

As an agent my strength is in my clients .
as an [person] my strength is in my clients .

The agent 's problem with acts who are still looking for a deal is how to judge their potential for success .
the [person] 's problem with acts who are still looking for a deal is how to judge their potential for success .

If an agent decides to invest in an act for the first year of its career , this band may not sign a record deal .
if an [person] decides to invest in an act for the first year of its career , this band may not sign a record deal .

In fact , they may split up , probably owing the agent money .
in fact , they may split up , probably owing the [person] money .

If the agent knows that a publisher , a record company and a manager have all invested , at least he or she can feel there are a number of people needing this act to be successful .
if the [person] knows that a publisher , a record company and a manager have all invested , at least he or she can feel there are a number of people needing this act to be successful .

Young bands have to find their own team ( agent , manager , publicist and others ) to put around them and to believe in their music .
young bands have to find their own team ( [person] , manager , publicist and others ) to put around them and to believe in their music .

The Making of a Good Agent
the making of a good [person]

Although record companies are n't in the business of promoting tours ( see the agent 's article in this book ) , they will lend their support to ensure their artists ' performances are in the right venues .
although record companies are n't in the business of promoting tours ( see the [person] 's article in this book ) , they will lend their support to ensure their artists ' performances are in the right venues .

occasionally a manager or agent will suggest that a band is ‘ available for session ’ .
occasionally a manager or [person] will suggest that a band is ‘ available for session ’ .

In the past , a band would acquire an agent fairly early in their career .
in the past , a band would acquire an [person] fairly early in their career .

The main job of the agent would be to assist the band in moving up through various grades of gig .
the main job of the [person] would be to assist the band in moving up through various grades of gig .

In the artist/booking agent agreement , the most important areas of negotiation are as follows .
in the artist/booking [person] agreement , the most important areas of negotiation are as follows .

As an act 's appearance fees become higher , the agent may settle for a smaller percentage .
as an act 's appearance fees become higher , the [person] may settle for a smaller percentage .

some larger acts engage an agent for one tour at a time .
some larger acts engage an [person] for one tour at a time .

If an agent is insistent on a three-year agreement , it is quite common for the artist to negotiate performance clauses .
if an [person] is insistent on a three-year agreement , it is quite common for the artist to negotiate performance clauses .

This may not necessarily be useful to a band if the agent is a small or new company .
this may not necessarily be useful to a band if the [person] is a small or new company .

Then the agent either sends an invoice to the artist for the commission , or arranges for the commission to be paid by the promoters .
then the [person] either sends an invoice to the artist for the commission , or arranges for the commission to be paid by the promoters .

Hunter Howerton , an American secret service agent , has been reminiscing about the days when counterfeiting was a specialist art form .
hunter howerton , an american secret service [person] , has been reminiscing about the days when counterfeiting was a specialist art form .

The Bank of England is understood to be keeping a watch as discussions continue between Eurotunnel and its four agent banks , which include the Midland and National Westminster .
the bank of england is understood to be keeping a watch as discussions continue between eurotunnel and its four [person] banks , which include the midland and national westminster .

The museum claimed that Capricorn or the second defendant , as Capricorn 's agent , was responsible for the loss of the plaque .
the museum claimed that capricorn or the second defendant , as capricorn 's [person] , was responsible for the loss of the plaque .

Mr Smith said ‘ market forces ’ meant , for example , a 25-year-old shop worker in Liverpool earning just £40 a week or a 35-year-old travel agent 's employee in the Midlands being paid just £1.11 per hour .
mr smith said ‘ market forces ’ meant , for example , a 25-year-old shop worker in liverpool earning just £40 a week or a 35-year-old travel [person] 's employee in the midlands being paid just £1.11 per hour .

Atochem has bought the polymerisation catalyst and blowing agent business of the Société Français d'Organo Synthèse , a subsidiary of Rhône-Poulenc .
atochem has bought the polymerisation catalyst and blowing [person] business of the société français d'organo synthèse , a subsidiary of rhône-poulenc .

When asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported Hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , Grant found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .
when asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , grant found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening [person] had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .

There are five letters written by Miller within fifteen months in 1748–9 to Robert Butcher , Chief Agent at Bedford House in Bloomsbury Square .
there are five letters written by miller within fifteen months in 1748–9 to robert butcher , chief [person] at bedford house in bloomsbury square .

Collinson was also instrumental in promoting the Dictionary abroad and , having become an agent for the Library Company of Philadelphia , he presented them in 1732 , with Sir Isaac Newton 's Philosophy and Philip Miller 's Gardeners Dictionary .
collinson was also instrumental in promoting the dictionary abroad and , having become an [person] for the library company of philadelphia , he presented them in 1732 , with sir isaac newton 's philosophy and philip miller 's gardeners dictionary .

John Ellis , basically a trader like Peter Collinson , found his position as Agent for West Florida and Dominica helpful in furthering his interest in botany .
john ellis , basically a trader like peter collinson , found his position as [person] for west florida and dominica helpful in furthering his interest in botany .

He immediately made a formal protest and Agent Monteith was summoned to mediate .
he immediately made a formal protest and [person] monteith was summoned to mediate .

Agent Monteith refused it , pressured by the settlers ' supporters and frustrated by the Wallowa band 's reluctance to farm .
[person] monteith refused it , pressured by the settlers ' supporters and frustrated by the wallowa band 's reluctance to farm .

‘ Nearly every year , ’ Joseph recalled , ‘ the agent came over from Lapwai and ordered us on to the reservation .
‘ nearly every year , ’ joseph recalled , ‘ the [person] came over from lapwai and ordered us on to the reservation .

Even here , troops were required to settle the band peaceably , amid opposition from Agent Gwydir , the resident Sans Poil Indian chief Skolaskin and suspicious white traders .
even here , troops were required to settle the band peaceably , amid opposition from [person] gwydir , the resident sans poil indian chief skolaskin and suspicious white traders .

Joseph visited the Allotting Agent , but refused , on principle , to take any land other than the Wallowa valley .
joseph visited the allotting [person] , but refused , on principle , to take any land other than the wallowa valley .

One , Toby Farrar , was a career army officer out of uniform , the other , Baz Something , was a cricket-playing travel agent .
one , toby farrar , was a career army officer out of uniform , the other , baz something , was a cricket-playing travel [person] .

Despite his past as an agent of Moscow and former head of Afghanistan 's secret police , Mr Najibullah was seen latterly by the West as the only man with the toughness and guile necessary to preserve the country 's unity .
despite his past as an [person] of moscow and former head of afghanistan 's secret police , mr najibullah was seen latterly by the west as the only man with the toughness and guile necessary to preserve the country 's unity .

Mogulof ( 1974 ) sees a dialectic in which the establishment and the change agent system determine how much participation they will allow , while the client system decides how strong is its desire or demand for participation .
mogulof ( 1974 ) sees a dialectic in which the establishment and the change [person] system determine how much participation they will allow , while the client system decides how strong is its desire or demand for participation .

Wandersman ( 1979b ) outlines five dimensions : the setting and the scale of the activity , the stage in the process at which participation takes place , the identity and the representativeness of the participants , the level of participation ( as described above in Wandersman , 1979a ) , and the different techniques used by the change agent in achieving participation .
wandersman ( 1979b ) outlines five dimensions : the setting and the scale of the activity , the stage in the process at which participation takes place , the identity and the representativeness of the participants , the level of participation ( as described above in wandersman , 1979a ) , and the different techniques used by the change [person] in achieving participation .

Upon what authority do the clients participate and whose initiative was it that launched the participation ? Is participation voluntary and welcomed by the clients , or is it demanded of them by the action system , the change agent or even by some extraneous system , as in some parent-teacher associations ?
upon what authority do the clients participate and whose initiative was it that launched the participation ? is participation voluntary and welcomed by the clients , or is it demanded of them by the action system , the change [person] or even by some extraneous system , as in some parent-teacher associations ?

It seems clear to us that all of the above criteria will be enhanced or negated by the way in which the change agent or the action system reacts to participation : what stereotypes do they have of client representatives ? do they believe in participation ? what expectations do they have of participation and client representatives ? Similarly , parallel questions will be asked of the participants , for the clients also bring expectations and stereotypes ( of the workers , administration , etc. and of their fellow clients ) to participation , as well as a wide gamut of often conflicting ideologies .
it seems clear to us that all of the above criteria will be enhanced or negated by the way in which the change [person] or the action system reacts to participation : what stereotypes do they have of client representatives ? do they believe in participation ? what expectations do they have of participation and client representatives ? similarly , parallel questions will be asked of the participants , for the clients also bring expectations and stereotypes ( of the workers , administration , etc. and of their fellow clients ) to participation , as well as a wide gamut of often conflicting ideologies .

Research on the participation of the public in general or clients in particular tends to centre around the form of participation involved ( inputs ) and its effect on the change agent and action systems ( processes , ‘ thruputs ’ ) , but little attention is paid to the results of participation ( outputs ) in general , and in achieving the specific goals of the activity involved .
research on the participation of the public in general or clients in particular tends to centre around the form of participation involved ( inputs ) and its effect on the change [person] and action systems ( processes , ‘ thruputs ’ ) , but little attention is paid to the results of participation ( outputs ) in general , and in achieving the specific goals of the activity involved .

Change Agents — professional and para-professional workers in the change agent system ;
change agents — professional and para-professional workers in the change [person] system ;

Administration , Political and Administrative Establishment — within the change agent system and in the larger systems of which the change agent system is a sub-system , for example politicians and bureaucrats in local or national government within which the change agent system is located ;
administration , political and administrative establishment — within the change [person] system and in the larger systems of which the change [person] system is a sub-system , for example politicians and bureaucrats in local or national government within which the change [person] system is located ;

In so doing they legitimated and endorsed the status quo , and fulfilled an ideological function of agent of disguised social control .
in so doing they legitimated and endorsed the status quo , and fulfilled an ideological function of [person] of disguised social control .

The most potent and best tolerated derivative in the class was 1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-7- ( 1-piperazinyl ) -3-quinoline-carboxylic acid ( 10 ) , which was developed as a broad spectrum chemotherapeutic agent under the generic name ciprofloxacin ( see Scheme 2 ) .
the most potent and best tolerated derivative in the class was 1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-7- ( 1-piperazinyl ) -3-quinoline-carboxylic acid ( 10 ) , which was developed as a broad spectrum chemotherapeutic [person] under the generic name ciprofloxacin ( see scheme 2 ) .

The training they describe affirms and enhances the role of the paraprofessional as an agent of the client group or community that is being served rather than as an arm of the worker or the social service agency .
the training they describe affirms and enhances the role of the paraprofessional as an [person] of the client group or community that is being served rather than as an arm of the worker or the social service agency .

Red Rhino paid Best £500 ( in cash , at his agent 's request ) to pose with the group and nabbed one of the bargains of the decade .
red rhino paid best £500 ( in cash , at his [person] 's request ) to pose with the group and nabbed one of the bargains of the decade .

He got her in to see an agent who was a friend of Jock Lennox , and he had arranged an appointment with a producer who was sending out a show with the American Ragtime Octette and Cissie Loftus the impressionist , as well as The Ramblers , a famous juggling act , and an Australian called Pansy Montague , who toured as La Milo , an exponent of the art of living statues .
he got her in to see an [person] who was a friend of jock lennox , and he had arranged an appointment with a producer who was sending out a show with the american ragtime octette and cissie loftus the impressionist , as well as the ramblers , a famous juggling act , and an australian called pansy montague , who toured as la milo , an exponent of the art of living statues .

As his personal agent points out : ‘ The promotion of Wayne Shelford is now Wayne Shelford 's full-time employment .
as his personal [person] points out : ‘ the promotion of wayne shelford is now wayne shelford 's full-time employment .

Kenneth takes several phone calls from his agent .
kenneth takes several phone calls from his [person] .

There was the estate agent 's clerk , Jack Cotton , whose property developments in Birmingham made him big enough , in partnership with Clore , to take over the Ritz and Selfridges , to put up the $ 100 million Pan-Am office building in New York and to threaten to present Piccadilly Circus with a hideous skyscraper of advertising signs , while he contemplated his Rembrandt at the Dorchester .
there was the estate [person] 's clerk , jack cotton , whose property developments in birmingham made him big enough , in partnership with clore , to take over the ritz and selfridges , to put up the $ 100 million pan-am office building in new york and to threaten to present piccadilly circus with a hideous skyscraper of advertising signs , while he contemplated his rembrandt at the dorchester .

Ian Fleming 's Casino Royale ( 1953 ) was not a bestseller but it introduced James Bond , the agent with the number 007 , a licence to kill and a taste for the best of everything , especially girls .
ian fleming 's casino royale ( 1953 ) was not a bestseller but it introduced james bond , the [person] with the number 007 , a licence to kill and a taste for the best of everything , especially girls .

His career of sado-sophistication , or ‘ snobbery with violence ’ as it was dubbed , brought his sales up to eighty million copies and does not need chronicling again except to point the contrast between him and his forbears in popular secret agent fiction .
his career of sado-sophistication , or ‘ snobbery with violence ’ as it was dubbed , brought his sales up to eighty million copies and does not need chronicling again except to point the contrast between him and his forbears in popular secret [person] fiction .

The man he described as ‘ the top Russian espionage agent in the United States — Alger Hiss 's boss ’ turned out to be a blameless university professor and China expert , Owen Lattimore , but it did not matter .
the man he described as ‘ the top russian espionage [person] in the united states — alger hiss 's boss ’ turned out to be a blameless university professor and china expert , owen lattimore , but it did not matter .

Lane Fox and managing agent Peter Rapson have put a £4m price tag on Inholmes with its neo-Georgian house , at least two other dwellings and its own village .
lane fox and managing [person] peter rapson have put a £4m price tag on inholmes with its neo-georgian house , at least two other dwellings and its own village .

Interest was such in the traditional , let estate that agent Lane Fox called for best and final offers and received them from close to 10 different parties .
interest was such in the traditional , let estate that [person] lane fox called for best and final offers and received them from close to 10 different parties .

Alison was a travel agent 's clerk , although she did n't express it to Nigel like that .
alison was a travel [person] 's clerk , although she did n't express it to nigel like that .

When these things did n't work , he got her fixed up with a particularly incompetent agent who had ruined some of his friends ' contracts through laziness .
when these things did n't work , he got her fixed up with a particularly incompetent [person] who had ruined some of his friends ' contracts through laziness .

With the help of the town 's sheriff , the oddly-named Harry Truman , Agent Cooper makes the acquaintance of those who have known and may have killed Laura , an intriguing cast of more than 30 suspects who include her cocaine-dealing , football star boyfriend ; her shy biker lover ; her crazy psychiatrist ; her teenage vamp classmate ; her beautiful best friend ; and the gorgeous Oriental window who took English lessons from the dead girl .
with the help of the town 's sheriff , the oddly-named harry truman , [person] cooper makes the acquaintance of those who have known and may have killed laura , an intriguing cast of more than 30 suspects who include her cocaine-dealing , football star boyfriend ; her shy biker lover ; her crazy psychiatrist ; her teenage vamp classmate ; her beautiful best friend ; and the gorgeous oriental window who took english lessons from the dead girl .

‘ They tell me he 's a little more relaxed on this one than his earlier ones , ’ says Kyle MacLachlan , Agent Cooper in David Lynch 's TV-phenomenon Twin Peaks and now a dead ringer for keyboard player Ray Manzarek .
‘ they tell me he 's a little more relaxed on this one than his earlier ones , ’ says kyle maclachlan , [person] cooper in david lynch 's tv-phenomenon twin peaks and now a dead ringer for keyboard player ray manzarek .

It was arranged that Charles would book a table at the Ecu de France in Jermyn Street and that they 'd meet there after the visit to the agent .
it was arranged that charles would book a table at the ecu de france in jermyn street and that they 'd meet there after the visit to the [person] .

His whisper to Clarissa was a bellow to delight any eavesdropping agent in the Flaxman Exchange .
his whisper to clarissa was a bellow to delight any eavesdropping [person] in the flaxman exchange .

Dot tried not to think of Hitler , nor of Dick Barton Special Agent , nor of the Fifth Columnists , nor of those giant nuns with rifles and huge booted feet beneath their long black skirts who were enemy soldiers in disguise .
dot tried not to think of hitler , nor of dick barton special [person] , nor of the fifth columnists , nor of those giant nuns with rifles and huge booted feet beneath their long black skirts who were enemy soldiers in disguise .

For the middle-class was both the agent and product of these changes .
for the middle-class was both the [person] and product of these changes .

In fact , and at least at present , Ludens had little reason to complain since he remained , with Marcus , the closest person , not exactly the beloved disciple , but the most valuable agent .
in fact , and at least at present , ludens had little reason to complain since he remained , with marcus , the closest person , not exactly the beloved disciple , but the most valuable [person] .

This is done by relating the soil to the type of cleaning agent most appropriate for its removal .
this is done by relating the soil to the type of cleaning [person] most appropriate for its removal .

Oxidising agent responsive
oxidising [person] responsive

Oxidising agent responsive soils : Only one main type of dirt is affected by oxidising agents , namely tannin , derived from tea , coffee , wine and certain fruits . If tannin occurs built onto a layer of scale it is best treated as acid soluble Dirt attachment :
oxidising [person] responsive soils : only one main type of dirt is affected by oxidising agents , namely tannin , derived from tea , coffee , wine and certain fruits . if tannin occurs built onto a layer of scale it is best treated as acid soluble dirt attachment :

No single product completely satisfies these requirements so the use of any particular agent is always a compromise .
no single product completely satisfies these requirements so the use of any particular [person] is always a compromise .

Hydrogen peroxide : Work on this chemical as a disinfection agent has recently reactivated interest .
hydrogen peroxide : work on this chemical as a disinfection [person] has recently reactivated interest .

Abrasive cleaners : At their simplest these are the scouring powders formulated from little more than sand or feldspar , the aggregate and a small amount of chlorine release agent .
abrasive cleaners : at their simplest these are the scouring powders formulated from little more than sand or feldspar , the aggregate and a small amount of chlorine release [person] .

The pungent smell gives the impression of a powerful cleaning agent .
the pungent smell gives the impression of a powerful cleaning [person] .

Product description must make clear the function of the product , using the appropriate British Standard term , so that it is less likely that the product will be used as a straightforward cleaning agent without the necessary controls .
product description must make clear the function of the product , using the appropriate british standard term , so that it is less likely that the product will be used as a straightforward cleaning [person] without the necessary controls .

Intermediate rinsing : removal of the loosened dirt and neutralisation of cleaning agent residues .
intermediate rinsing : removal of the loosened dirt and neutralisation of cleaning [person] residues .

At the lowest levels of the government machinery ( the village clerk , the forest policeman , and the agricultural extension agent ) , there are additional contradictions .
at the lowest levels of the government machinery ( the village clerk , the forest policeman , and the agricultural extension [person] ) , there are additional contradictions .

In most cases the landlord is also the commission agent who purchases produce wholesale and either auctions it in the local market or arranges for it to be boxed and exported to Amman , an operation which requires friendly relations with the authorities in Amman .
in most cases the landlord is also the commission [person] who purchases produce wholesale and either auctions it in the local market or arranges for it to be boxed and exported to amman , an operation which requires friendly relations with the authorities in amman .

Later in a restaurant in Cuzco , the estate agent , leaning into him , began to count : ‘ Miriam , now she was twenty-four , Dolores twenty-five , which makes Freda number twenty-six … ‘
later in a restaurant in cuzco , the estate [person] , leaning into him , began to count : ‘ miriam , now she was twenty-four , dolores twenty-five , which makes freda number twenty-six … ‘

Yet when Luzma , my sympathetic travel agent , took me in a taxi down to contrabando in Cuzco , it had not been to buy a camera .
yet when luzma , my sympathetic travel [person] , took me in a taxi down to contrabando in cuzco , it had not been to buy a camera .

Selwyn , Lorna 's agent , would arrive early , with his wife and sometimes with a new script .
selwyn , lorna 's [person] , would arrive early , with his wife and sometimes with a new script .

’ The agent was doing an efficient demolition job on Harry 's ebullience .
’ the [person] was doing an efficient demolition job on harry 's ebullience .

It led him also to the study of existentialism , a popular discourse among fifties youth , made popular by the interest of James Dean , and whose definition seems to sum up what Nicholson has become : ‘ a free agent answerable to no one in a deterministic and seemingly meaningless universe ’ .
it led him also to the study of existentialism , a popular discourse among fifties youth , made popular by the interest of james dean , and whose definition seems to sum up what nicholson has become : ‘ a free [person] answerable to no one in a deterministic and seemingly meaningless universe ’ .

’ With acclaim like that , Beatty 's agent immediately put a pricetag of $ 300,000 a picture on his head — and was getting it .
’ with acclaim like that , beatty 's [person] immediately put a pricetag of $ 300,000 a picture on his head — and was getting it .

In the middle of this explosion of pop culture , Nicholson had also become a free agent again , having parted from his wife in 1966 , and moved in with his actor friend Harry Dean Stanton at Laurel Canyon .
in the middle of this explosion of pop culture , nicholson had also become a free [person] again , having parted from his wife in 1966 , and moved in with his actor friend harry dean stanton at laurel canyon .

Len Snow , Boateng 's agent says : ‘ His principles have n't changed — he has just adapted them to the '90s .
len snow , boateng 's [person] says : ‘ his principles have n't changed — he has just adapted them to the '90s .

’ Tony Benn 's agent , Tom Vallins , says Benn has fought on the party manifesto ‘ though it may not represent all his own individual opinions ’ .
’ tony benn 's [person] , tom vallins , says benn has fought on the party manifesto ‘ though it may not represent all his own individual opinions ’ .

‘ We had a bit of that in 1987 , ’ admits Bill Hamilton , her agent , ‘ but that was when she was a high-profile hard-left candidate .
‘ we had a bit of that in 1987 , ’ admits bill hamilton , her [person] , ‘ but that was when she was a high-profile hard-left candidate .

Mr Kinnock arrived at the Pontllanfraith leisure centre shortly after 1.15am to be greeted by his agent , Mrs Doreen Moore , with a hug and a kiss .
mr kinnock arrived at the pontllanfraith leisure centre shortly after 1.15am to be greeted by his [person] , mrs doreen moore , with a hug and a kiss .

They point out that in many cases they are not only far cheaper than the same holiday bought through a travel agent , but also often offer a unique experience in leadership , endurance and community service .
they point out that in many cases they are not only far cheaper than the same holiday bought through a travel [person] , but also often offer a unique experience in leadership , endurance and community service .

In St Austell , one estate agent , May , Whetter and Grose , sold more than 20 houses last month .
in st austell , one estate [person] , may , whetter and grose , sold more than 20 houses last month .

’ Geoffrey Miller , an independent estate agent in Tavistock , Devon , confirms this trend : ‘ There has certainly been much more activity in the market in recent months , particularly cash buyers looking for bargains .
’ geoffrey miller , an independent estate [person] in tavistock , devon , confirms this trend : ‘ there has certainly been much more activity in the market in recent months , particularly cash buyers looking for bargains .

And there are no estate agents ' fees to pay when you buy , unlike in France , where all fees — from 10 to 25 per cent of the purchase price ( the cheaper the property the higher the fees ) — including four or five per cent for the estate agent , notarial costs , taxes and other liabilities , must be paid by the purchaser .
and there are no estate agents ' fees to pay when you buy , unlike in france , where all fees — from 10 to 25 per cent of the purchase price ( the cheaper the property the higher the fees ) — including four or five per cent for the estate [person] , notarial costs , taxes and other liabilities , must be paid by the purchaser .

‘ Whatever an estate agent 's political leanings , professionally each and every one must be expressing surprise , delight and relief , ’ said Sir Glen Hickman , marketing director of Humberts .
‘ whatever an estate [person] 's political leanings , professionally each and every one must be expressing surprise , delight and relief , ’ said sir glen hickman , marketing director of humberts .

According to Penny Jordan of the local agent Cooper Giles , houses featuring in the Pissarro picture are in strong demand .
according to penny jordan of the local [person] cooper giles , houses featuring in the pissarro picture are in strong demand .

Our agent , he put his head in his hands , but Leslie just sat there , half-smiling .
our [person] , he put his head in his hands , but leslie just sat there , half-smiling .

Although only halfway through her first effort ( based , oh dear , on a dream ) she already has an agent and has made the shortlist of a first-time fiction writers ' competition , the Ian St James Awards , for a story drawn from the book .
although only halfway through her first effort ( based , oh dear , on a dream ) she already has an [person] and has made the shortlist of a first-time fiction writers ' competition , the ian st james awards , for a story drawn from the book .

If in doubt , ask your insurance agent — and read your policy before disaster strikes .
if in doubt , ask your insurance [person] — and read your policy before disaster strikes .

When dealing with windows , remove all traces of rust and apply a neutralising agent to badly affected areas .
when dealing with windows , remove all traces of rust and apply a neutralising [person] to badly affected areas .

Individuals can now be banned from estate agency work if they have engaged in ‘ undesirable ’ practices such as failing to inform the vendor about services being provided to prospective purchasers , discriminatory conduct against purchasers who are not accepting services from the agent , misrepresenting the existence or status of a prospective purchaser and failing to send written details of offers made by prospective purchasers .
individuals can now be banned from estate agency work if they have engaged in ‘ undesirable ’ practices such as failing to inform the vendor about services being provided to prospective purchasers , discriminatory conduct against purchasers who are not accepting services from the [person] , misrepresenting the existence or status of a prospective purchaser and failing to send written details of offers made by prospective purchasers .

As for old colleagues resenting his intrusion on their territory : ‘ Any external agent is going to be viewed with a certain amount of suspicion .
as for old colleagues resenting his intrusion on their territory : ‘ any external [person] is going to be viewed with a certain amount of suspicion .

And , although the Supreme Court upheld testing of customs agents , a few members of the bench doubted that a drug-imbibing agent would be deterred by a test if he was not already fearful , as one put it , that he ‘ may be shot dead in unequal combat with unimpaired smugglers .
and , although the supreme court upheld testing of customs agents , a few members of the bench doubted that a drug-imbibing [person] would be deterred by a test if he was not already fearful , as one put it , that he ‘ may be shot dead in unequal combat with unimpaired smugglers .

But they have got to be able to say : ‘ We will open ourselves up to a change agent ’ … and change is painful .
but they have got to be able to say : ‘ we will open ourselves up to a change [person] ’ … and change is painful .

But they have got to be able to say : ‘ We will open ourselves up to a change agent ’ … and change is painful .
but they have got to be able to say : ‘ we will open ourselves up to a change [person] ’ … and change is painful .

Do n't forget that estate agent offices are good places to have your school prospectus on open display .
do n't forget that estate [person] offices are good places to have your school prospectus on open display .

In their place , Charles Birch would like a philosophy and religion ‘ that makes room for purpose as an effective causal agent in the universe ’ .
in their place , charles birch would like a philosophy and religion ‘ that makes room for purpose as an effective causal [person] in the universe ’ .

Gehlen had even managed to plant an agent in Stalin 's war council and in Marshal Zhukov 's headquarters .
gehlen had even managed to plant an [person] in stalin 's war council and in marshal zhukov 's headquarters .

Another attempt by a Gehlen agent called Christopher Komarek to lay a similar cable across the Jungfern Lake also ended in failure .
another attempt by a gehlen [person] called christopher komarek to lay a similar cable across the jungfern lake also ended in failure .

It transpired that both had been betrayed by a Russian agent , Hans Geyer , who using the alias ‘ Henry Toll ’ had infiltrated Gehlen 's organisation and passed on all the details of his plans to Moscow .
it transpired that both had been betrayed by a russian [person] , hans geyer , who using the alias ‘ henry toll ’ had infiltrated gehlen 's organisation and passed on all the details of his plans to moscow .

Brown proceeded to tell Pincher the government 's version of events including the allegation that Blake had betrayed over 40 British agents , hence the claim was born that Blake was sentenced to one year in prison for every agent .
brown proceeded to tell pincher the government 's version of events including the allegation that blake had betrayed over 40 british agents , hence the claim was born that blake was sentenced to one year in prison for every [person] .

In December 1987 Kim Philby , the Russian agent who defected to Russia in 1963 , agreed to be interviewed by the journalist and author Phillip Knightley at his flat in Moscow .
in december 1987 kim philby , the russian [person] who defected to russia in 1963 , agreed to be interviewed by the journalist and author phillip knightley at his flat in moscow .

Yurchenko contacted the American Embassy in Rome in August 1985 , having already worked for them as an agent in place .
yurchenko contacted the american embassy in rome in august 1985 , having already worked for them as an [person] in place .

There is an agreeable story that on arrival the Prince wanted to change money and found an agent who advertised ‘ Here we exchange sovereigns for Napoleons .
there is an agreeable story that on arrival the prince wanted to change money and found an [person] who advertised ‘ here we exchange sovereigns for napoleons .

As a possible agent of change , the bourgeoisie was discarded by dependency theorists , but in the wave of post-dependency criticism , there have been attempts to resuscitate this role for them .
as a possible [person] of change , the bourgeoisie was discarded by dependency theorists , but in the wave of post-dependency criticism , there have been attempts to resuscitate this role for them .

He does not greatly care for the dark purplish bathroom suite ( ‘ Damson ’ , the estate agent 's brochure had called the shade ) but it had been one of the things that attracted Marjorie when they bought the house two years ago — the bathroom , with its kidney-shaped handbasin and goldplated taps and sunken bath and streamlined loo and bidet .
he does not greatly care for the dark purplish bathroom suite ( ‘ damson ’ , the estate [person] 's brochure had called the shade ) but it had been one of the things that attracted marjorie when they bought the house two years ago — the bathroom , with its kidney-shaped handbasin and goldplated taps and sunken bath and streamlined loo and bidet .

In the first , consent does not purport to affect the agent 's personal normative situation .
in the first , consent does not purport to affect the [person] 's personal normative situation .

The second kind of case includes those where the agent 's personal normative position is affected by his consent , if it is valid , i.e .
the second kind of case includes those where the [person] 's personal normative position is affected by his consent , if it is valid , i.e .

Consent can adversely affect the normative situation of the agent either by placing him under an obligation or by derogating from his rights .
consent can adversely affect the normative situation of the [person] either by placing him under an obligation or by derogating from his rights .

There are , therefore , three kinds of consent that do not impose obligations on the agent : first , where his personal situation is not affected by the consent ; second , where his personal situation is favourably affected , for the consent is a condition of his possession of a right or of some other benefit ; third , where his personal situation is adversely affected , but by waiving a right rather than by undertaking an obligation .
there are , therefore , three kinds of consent that do not impose obligations on the [person] : first , where his personal situation is not affected by the consent ; second , where his personal situation is favourably affected , for the consent is a condition of his possession of a right or of some other benefit ; third , where his personal situation is adversely affected , but by waiving a right rather than by undertaking an obligation .

Most common , perhaps , are those cases where the person to whose rights the agent consented was misled , through the agent 's fault , into believing that the consent was valid and acted reasonably on this belief to his detriment .
most common , perhaps , are those cases where the person to whose rights the [person] consented was misled , through the [person] 's fault , into believing that the consent was valid and acted reasonably on this belief to his detriment .

The agent might , for example , be at fault if in the circumstances the consent could be taken as sufficient evidence that the agent has power to consent ( i.e .
the [person] might , for example , be at fault if in the circumstances the consent could be taken as sufficient evidence that the [person] has power to consent ( i.e .

, that there were reasons for holding the consent valid ) and the agent should have realized this .
, that there were reasons for holding the consent valid ) and the [person] should have realized this .

In such cases the agent 's liability is to make good the detriment thus caused to the person to whose rights he consented .
in such cases the [person] 's liability is to make good the detriment thus caused to the person to whose rights he consented .

The most common type of instrumental argument relies , as a reason for recognizing the validity of consent , on the facts that the agent has the best information to judge whether it is best to create the right or not and that he is sufficiently motivated to act for the best .
the most common type of instrumental argument relies , as a reason for recognizing the validity of consent , on the facts that the [person] has the best information to judge whether it is best to create the right or not and that he is sufficiently motivated to act for the best .

One such case is where the consent , if effective , will not affect third parties , provided that the agent is a normal adult able to judge his own interests in the area involved and that the same is true of the person receiving the right , assuming that he is able to refuse it if he so wishes .
one such case is where the consent , if effective , will not affect third parties , provided that the [person] is a normal adult able to judge his own interests in the area involved and that the same is true of the person receiving the right , assuming that he is able to refuse it if he so wishes .

Other cases are those where the agent 's knowledge and motivation can be surmised from the circumstances of his life ( parents or children ) or where a special arrangement is made to make sure of them ( e.g .
other cases are those where the [person] 's knowledge and motivation can be surmised from the circumstances of his life ( parents or children ) or where a special arrangement is made to make sure of them ( e.g .

Duress that invalidates consent consists either of a credible threat to take substantial action against the agent or against a person or a cause that he values if he does not consent or in the taking of such actions against him or against persons or causes that he values with an offer to restore the situation if he does consent .
duress that invalidates consent consists either of a credible threat to take substantial action against the [person] or against a person or a cause that he values if he does not consent or in the taking of such actions against him or against persons or causes that he values with an offer to restore the situation if he does consent .

To say this , of course , does not mean that the consent is not binding on the agent .
to say this , of course , does not mean that the consent is not binding on the [person] .

Consent theorists , correctly perceiving that consent to the authority of a reasonably just government does endow it with authority over the agent , and faced with the fact that few people actually consent to the authority of their government , have often tried to extend the notion of consent to cover more cases .
consent theorists , correctly perceiving that consent to the authority of a reasonably just government does endow it with authority over the [person] , and faced with the fact that few people actually consent to the authority of their government , have often tried to extend the notion of consent to cover more cases .

But only the paternalistic tendency to minimize the significance of action based on the agent 's judgment of his situation led to the attempt to amalgamate all voluntary obligations into a generalized doctrine of duties arising out of responsibility for inducing others to act .
but only the paternalistic tendency to minimize the significance of action based on the [person] 's judgment of his situation led to the attempt to amalgamate all voluntary obligations into a generalized doctrine of duties arising out of responsibility for inducing others to act .

This case differs from the case in which the agent cognitively agreed , i.e .
this case differs from the case in which the [person] cognitively agreed , i.e .

The liability of the agent may be the same in both cases , but the reasons for it differ in detail .
the liability of the [person] may be the same in both cases , but the reasons for it differ in detail .

Nonindividualistic conceptions are likely to be among the expensive tastes since their realization depends on the cooperation of others , and they will take some convincing to come round to the agent 's point of view .
nonindividualistic conceptions are likely to be among the expensive tastes since their realization depends on the cooperation of others , and they will take some convincing to come round to the [person] 's point of view .

The work of eviction in Strathnaver was carried out between 1809 and 1819 by Patrick Seller , land agent and factor to Elizabeth , Countess Duchess of Sutherland , and her husband , the Marquess of Stafford , one of the richest men in Europe .
the work of eviction in strathnaver was carried out between 1809 and 1819 by patrick seller , land [person] and factor to elizabeth , countess duchess of sutherland , and her husband , the marquess of stafford , one of the richest men in europe .

Martin Potter boasted not just a manager , coach and partner in the shape of Peter Colbert , but an adviser , an agent , and occasional heavies and bureaucrats who hovered around him as if they were guarding the crown jewels .
martin potter boasted not just a manager , coach and partner in the shape of peter colbert , but an adviser , an [person] , and occasional heavies and bureaucrats who hovered around him as if they were guarding the crown jewels .

Certain white blood cells do this in response to an infective agent .
certain white blood cells do this in response to an infective [person] .

The agent of Sir Edward Kinaston approached a certain Clarke for rent , when he was ‘ cutting peates on Haremeare Mosse … But one of Clarke 's sons with a turfe spade , which they call a peate iron , ( a very keen thing , ) struck Sir Edward 's man on the head and cloave out his brains .
the [person] of sir edward kinaston approached a certain clarke for rent , when he was ‘ cutting peates on haremeare mosse … but one of clarke 's sons with a turfe spade , which they call a peate iron , ( a very keen thing , ) struck sir edward 's man on the head and cloave out his brains .

In 1812 James Loch took over as Lord Stafford 's agent at Trentham in Staffordshire .
in 1812 james loch took over as lord stafford 's [person] at trentham in staffordshire .

The landowner 's agent may also act for him in negotiations with conservationists and engineers to secure the parcels of riverside land required for habitat protection and enhancement .
the landowner 's [person] may also act for him in negotiations with conservationists and engineers to secure the parcels of riverside land required for habitat protection and enhancement .

Most people who negotiate for habitat in the countryside will bear witness that their hearts sink when an agent is involved .
most people who negotiate for habitat in the countryside will bear witness that their hearts sink when an [person] is involved .

Time and again a landowner , the man who actually has the most to lose since it is his land , is willing to donate corners of his fields for ponds or tree planting , as his contribution to the environmental compromise of a land-drainage scheme ; but then a letter from his agent arrives , demanding that these corners be heavily compensated or even bought by the water authority , as payment for the concessions made .
time and again a landowner , the man who actually has the most to lose since it is his land , is willing to donate corners of his fields for ponds or tree planting , as his contribution to the environmental compromise of a land-drainage scheme ; but then a letter from his [person] arrives , demanding that these corners be heavily compensated or even bought by the water authority , as payment for the concessions made .

The fee charged by the agent is , naturally enough , directly proportional to the compensation he gleans from the public authority on behalf of his client .
the fee charged by the [person] is , naturally enough , directly proportional to the compensation he gleans from the public authority on behalf of his client .

Thus , at figures current in 1986 , if the cheque received by the landowner for compensation is up to £100 , the cheque sent to his agent will be £85 .
thus , at figures current in 1986 , if the cheque received by the landowner for compensation is up to £100 , the cheque sent to his [person] will be £85 .

If the landowner 's compensation amounts to £200 , or even just tips over to £101 , then his agent will notch up to £170 .
if the landowner 's compensation amounts to £200 , or even just tips over to £101 , then his [person] will notch up to £170 .

Consequently , at the bottom of the scale , the agent may collect more money than his client in compensation .
consequently , at the bottom of the scale , the [person] may collect more money than his client in compensation .

The public , as ratepayers , should realize that not only is all compensation paid out of the land-drainage budget , but that the fees of the landowner 's agent are also financed entirely out of the public purse of the water authority or other public body carrying out the scheme .
the public , as ratepayers , should realize that not only is all compensation paid out of the land-drainage budget , but that the fees of the landowner 's [person] are also financed entirely out of the public purse of the water authority or other public body carrying out the scheme .

It was a room about eight to ten feet square , offering , as an estate agent with whom Henry was dealing had put it , ‘ a superb prospect of a ventilator shaft ’ .
it was a room about eight to ten feet square , offering , as an estate [person] with whom henry was dealing had put it , ‘ a superb prospect of a ventilator shaft ’ .

It had been left to a nephew of Lucy Trigg 's , also a naval man , who put it in the hands of a London estate agent to sell for him whilst he was abroad .
it had been left to a nephew of lucy trigg 's , also a naval man , who put it in the hands of a london estate [person] to sell for him whilst he was abroad .

Stated generally , the fundamental rationale he offers for having to do so is that he , either himself or as the agent of society , knew better than the patient what should be done to or for the patient .
stated generally , the fundamental rationale he offers for having to do so is that he , either himself or as the [person] of society , knew better than the patient what should be done to or for the patient .

Fewer than 10 per cent of house-buyers have full professional surveys carried out on their prospective homes , and only 15 per cent have a mini-survey carried out , according to Britain 's biggest estate agent .
fewer than 10 per cent of house-buyers have full professional surveys carried out on their prospective homes , and only 15 per cent have a mini-survey carried out , according to britain 's biggest estate [person] .

Agent 's fees on sale of house ( between 1% and 2% )
[person] 's fees on sale of house ( between 1% and 2% )

If you reach the conclusion that the asking price is reasonable , ring the agent and ask if any other offers have been made and what he thinks the owner might accept .
if you reach the conclusion that the asking price is reasonable , ring the [person] and ask if any other offers have been made and what he thinks the owner might accept .

If your offer is accepted , the vendor 's agent will notify you in writing , and he will also notify the vendor and his solicitor as well as your own solicitor .
if your offer is accepted , the vendor 's [person] will notify you in writing , and he will also notify the vendor and his solicitor as well as your own solicitor .

Because it is very tempting to do so , it is often best to ask an estate agent or your solicitor to bid for you .
because it is very tempting to do so , it is often best to ask an estate [person] or your solicitor to bid for you .

Eighty-six per cent had used an agent when either buying or selling , and of the sellers , two-thirds had used only one agent .
eighty-six per cent had used an [person] when either buying or selling , and of the sellers , two-thirds had used only one [person] .

The same room in one house had been described by one agent as 26ft 6in long and 14ft wide ( 8 x 4.2m ) , and by another agent as 19ft 3in long and 15ft 4in ( 5.8 x 4.6m ) wide .
the same room in one house had been described by one [person] as 26ft 6in long and 14ft wide ( 8 x 4.2m ) , and by another [person] as 19ft 3in long and 15ft 4in ( 5.8 x 4.6m ) wide .

The crucial choice of an estate agent raises the question of whether one is necessary at all .
the crucial choice of an estate [person] raises the question of whether one is necessary at all .

The qualities to look for in an agent are integrity , power of persuasion and an active ambition to succeed .
the qualities to look for in an [person] are integrity , power of persuasion and an active ambition to succeed .

In addition , an agent should always keep his client 's interests at the front of his mind .
in addition , an [person] should always keep his client 's interests at the front of his mind .

Invite the chosen agent to inspect the house and give an indication of the market price .
invite the chosen [person] to inspect the house and give an indication of the market price .

It is of tremendous value to prepare your own draft of the house description , even though it is the agent 's job to do this .
it is of tremendous value to prepare your own draft of the house description , even though it is the [person] 's job to do this .

The agent will form an opinion of the top and bottom prices the house is likely to get and , if he is honest , tell you the middle price .
the [person] will form an opinion of the top and bottom prices the house is likely to get and , if he is honest , tell you the middle price .

Finally , take with you a spare copy of the ‘ particulars , from the estate agent , to check his details line by line , measure by measure , as these are nearly always inaccurate or incomplete .
finally , take with you a spare copy of the ‘ particulars , from the estate [person] , to check his details line by line , measure by measure , as these are nearly always inaccurate or incomplete .

If there are choice shrubs in the garden , photograph them and check the agent 's particulars , and with your solicitor , to see they are all included .
if there are choice shrubs in the garden , photograph them and check the [person] 's particulars , and with your solicitor , to see they are all included .

For most people the tidal wave recedes after clinching a deal with the travel agent for a two week package holiday .
for most people the tidal wave recedes after clinching a deal with the travel [person] for a two week package holiday .

Three years later Thomas Cook relinquished his printing business and devoted all his attention to being an excursion agent .
three years later thomas cook relinquished his printing business and devoted all his attention to being an excursion [person] .

For centuries young bloods had been sent off by indulgent parents to tour Europe in the hope that they would return cultured , educated , their manners refined and their address books packed with useful contacts , but Cook 's was the first group tour of European countries organized by an excursion agent .
for centuries young bloods had been sent off by indulgent parents to tour europe in the hope that they would return cultured , educated , their manners refined and their address books packed with useful contacts , but cook 's was the first group tour of european countries organized by an excursion [person] .

Did Cook achieve all this without competition , was he the only excursion agent in business in the second half of the nineteenth century ?
did cook achieve all this without competition , was he the only excursion [person] in business in the second half of the nineteenth century ?

Cook was appointed agent for Nile passenger traffic by the Khedive of Egypt in 1870 and eventually had a fleet of seventeen large vessels and about thirty-three smaller dahabeeyahs and pinnaces .
cook was appointed [person] for nile passenger traffic by the khedive of egypt in 1870 and eventually had a fleet of seventeen large vessels and about thirty-three smaller dahabeeyahs and pinnaces .

Thomas Cook began as a tour operator organizing and selling his own tours and soon became an agent as well , selling all kinds of travel on behalf of other suppliers , particularly the railway companies .
thomas cook began as a tour operator organizing and selling his own tours and soon became an [person] as well , selling all kinds of travel on behalf of other suppliers , particularly the railway companies .

Below Inside , comfortable armchairs , reading tables and daily newspapers made it more like a club than a travel agent 's office .
below inside , comfortable armchairs , reading tables and daily newspapers made it more like a club than a travel [person] 's office .

In the chaos following the Second World War the travel agent had some extraordinary assignments .
in the chaos following the second world war the travel [person] had some extraordinary assignments .

When you find a place that is satisfactory , though , the first thing to do is to make an offer for it to the estate agent .
when you find a place that is satisfactory , though , the first thing to do is to make an offer for it to the estate [person] .

If your offer is acceptable then you proceed by applying for a mortgage and informing your appointed solicitor or conveyancing agent of the details of the purchase , so that he or she can then make formal overtures to the vendor 's solicitors .
if your offer is acceptable then you proceed by applying for a mortgage and informing your appointed solicitor or conveyancing [person] of the details of the purchase , so that he or she can then make formal overtures to the vendor 's solicitors .

At this stage your conveyancing agent ( who may be your solicitor or a specialist dealing in conveyancing ) will now make pre-contract enquiries , which means that the vendor 's solicitors will answer various questions about boundaries , fences , drains , etc .
at this stage your conveyancing [person] ( who may be your solicitor or a specialist dealing in conveyancing ) will now make pre-contract enquiries , which means that the vendor 's solicitors will answer various questions about boundaries , fences , drains , etc .

Estate agent 's commission .
estate [person] 's commission .

Any travel agent can advise you as to what is available , but there is also a charity called the Holiday Care Service which provides free information and advice on holidays for people with special needs ( see Useful Names and Addresses . )
any travel [person] can advise you as to what is available , but there is also a charity called the holiday care service which provides free information and advice on holidays for people with special needs ( see useful names and addresses . )

Agent Orange by Haldane
[person] orange by haldane

Chlorofluorocarbons ( commonly known as CFCs ) are the biggest culprits ; their main uses are in aerosols as propellants , in foam plastics as an expansion agent , in refrigerators and air conditioning systems as coolants and insulators , and as cleaners and degreasers in the electronics industry .
chlorofluorocarbons ( commonly known as cfcs ) are the biggest culprits ; their main uses are in aerosols as propellants , in foam plastics as an expansion [person] , in refrigerators and air conditioning systems as coolants and insulators , and as cleaners and degreasers in the electronics industry .

it will not run on unleaded and can not be modified To find out which category your car fits into , ring a franchised dealer or agent for your particular vehicle .
it will not run on unleaded and can not be modified to find out which category your car fits into , ring a franchised dealer or [person] for your particular vehicle .

Imagine the indignity of trying to learn by heart , over breakfast , a set of opinions , which you will later claim as your own , on such subjects as your party 's policy on the amateur status of Rugby Union , female circumcision and devolution of power to the regional arts boards … and all morning your party agent sending you urgent messages that your whole campaign 's falling apart .
imagine the indignity of trying to learn by heart , over breakfast , a set of opinions , which you will later claim as your own , on such subjects as your party 's policy on the amateur status of rugby union , female circumcision and devolution of power to the regional arts boards … and all morning your party [person] sending you urgent messages that your whole campaign 's falling apart .

If fresh fruit is used cook approximately 1 lb of fruit in very little water together with a sweetening agent if desired .
if fresh fruit is used cook approximately 1 lb of fruit in very little water together with a sweetening [person] if desired .

The agent has to be external and never within themselves .
the [person] has to be external and never within themselves .

The driving force was Charles Louis Fouquet Belleisle , Duc de Belleisle and Marshal of France , a soldier of vast experience who , reported one British agent on 26 January 1756 , ‘ told a friend of mine that it must be attempted , though [ i.e .
the driving force was charles louis fouquet belleisle , duc de belleisle and marshal of france , a soldier of vast experience who , reported one british [person] on 26 january 1756 , ‘ told a friend of mine that it must be attempted , though [ i.e .

De Choiseul planned to collect only eight small vessels between Dunkirk and Calais , too few to attract any agent 's notice but sufficient to carry a small force to secure the initial beachhead , which would then be rapidly reinforced .
de choiseul planned to collect only eight small vessels between dunkirk and calais , too few to attract any [person] 's notice but sufficient to carry a small force to secure the initial beachhead , which would then be rapidly reinforced .

After several days of paperwork in Bali and with the help of Continental 's cargo agent , Putra , we got the engine box out of Customs and on a Bouraq Airlines flight to Kupang .
after several days of paperwork in bali and with the help of continental 's cargo [person] , putra , we got the engine box out of customs and on a bouraq airlines flight to kupang .

But we must remember that our partner is the agent of that love and not the source of it .
but we must remember that our partner is the [person] of that love and not the source of it .

Conditions of service on the estates were arduous and whether the landlord came from Berlin or Warsaw , whether he spoke German or Polish , it was certain that his agent would always make himself understood .
conditions of service on the estates were arduous and whether the landlord came from berlin or warsaw , whether he spoke german or polish , it was certain that his [person] would always make himself understood .

Many of these people lived largely without the agent of money , and survived by bartering what excess produce they had .
many of these people lived largely without the [person] of money , and survived by bartering what excess produce they had .

It is a free agent once released into a burrow and is free to go wherever it feels inclined .
it is a free [person] once released into a burrow and is free to go wherever it feels inclined .

Head down to the local travel agent and check out the availability of sun-drenched spring breaks at resorts catering to families with small children ;
head down to the local travel [person] and check out the availability of sun-drenched spring breaks at resorts catering to families with small children ;

Sadly John 's agent informed me , that ‘ Noakesy ’ was living on a houseboat in Spain without a telephone .
sadly john 's [person] informed me , that ‘ noakesy ’ was living on a houseboat in spain without a telephone .

Agent Orange by Haldane
[person] orange by haldane

In fact , Bronwen had already discovered that Owen would ‘ go berserk ’ after a tin of soup containing monosodium glutamate , or fish fingers coloured with tartrazine ( now largely withdrawn as a food colouring agent ) .
in fact , bronwen had already discovered that owen would ‘ go berserk ’ after a tin of soup containing monosodium glutamate , or fish fingers coloured with tartrazine ( now largely withdrawn as a food colouring [person] ) .

It was alleged by his widow that Thomas Flete , as agent of Clemens , ‘ … him feloniously slew and murdered and clove his head in four parties and gave him ten deadly wounds in his body and when he was dead they cut off one of his legs and one of his arms and his head from his body to make him sure ’ .
it was alleged by his widow that thomas flete , as [person] of clemens , ‘ … him feloniously slew and murdered and clove his head in four parties and gave him ten deadly wounds in his body and when he was dead they cut off one of his legs and one of his arms and his head from his body to make him sure ’ .

After nomination the candidate is entitled to be present at the issue of postal ballot papers , to visit the polling stations and the candidate , the candidate 's spouse ( if any ) , and ( except in parish or community elections ) the candidate 's election agent are entitled to be present at the count together with a number of counting agents .
after nomination the candidate is entitled to be present at the issue of postal ballot papers , to visit the polling stations and the candidate , the candidate 's spouse ( if any ) , and ( except in parish or community elections ) the candidate 's election [person] are entitled to be present at the count together with a number of counting agents .

‘ Metanoia ’ is about transformation and God is agent and goal .
‘ metanoia ’ is about transformation and god is [person] and goal .

Mr. Gordon was estate agent to Sir George Phillips , the owner of Longreen Manor .
mr. gordon was estate [person] to sir george phillips , the owner of longreen manor .

The 2nd Longreen Pack held their meetings in fine weather in the wild park of Longreen Manor , by permission of the estate agent , which he had obtained specially from Sir George Phillips .
the 2nd longreen pack held their meetings in fine weather in the wild park of longreen manor , by permission of the estate [person] , which he had obtained specially from sir george phillips .

‘ The agent hass stopped us , but it iss not his fault , really ; it iss the Earl 's , ’ explained Jill , careful to be fair , ‘ though it iss really the people who leave the litter who are to blame , not even the Earl .
‘ the [person] hass stopped us , but it iss not his fault , really ; it iss the earl 's , ’ explained jill , careful to be fair , ‘ though it iss really the people who leave the litter who are to blame , not even the earl .

But the Guider and all the Pack learned later on about her meeting with the stranger on the seat , because at the next Pack Meeting the Guider read out a letter from Mr. Bishop , the estate agent , which said the Earl of Ferngrove had given special instructions that the Brownie Guide Pack could continue to use the Park whenever they wished , as he was quite satisfied , thanks to a chat he 'd had with one of them , that they were very careful not to leave litter about in the Park .
but the guider and all the pack learned later on about her meeting with the stranger on the seat , because at the next pack meeting the guider read out a letter from mr. bishop , the estate [person] , which said the earl of ferngrove had given special instructions that the brownie guide pack could continue to use the park whenever they wished , as he was quite satisfied , thanks to a chat he 'd had with one of them , that they were very careful not to leave litter about in the park .

He also thanked his wife Rosalyn , his campaign agent , party workers and the police .
he also thanked his wife rosalyn , his campaign [person] , party workers and the police .

Mr. Phillips , who boosted the Labour share of the pool with an extra 2,400 votes on 1987 , thanked his agent and campaign workers and added simply : ‘ Thank you and good night . ’
mr. phillips , who boosted the labour share of the pool with an extra 2,400 votes on 1987 , thanked his [person] and campaign workers and added simply : ‘ thank you and good night . ’

After the Great War Sir Henry , an estate agent and former Mayor of Fulham , used his influence to get his club elected to the enlarged First Division , but Arsenal found it hard going , their best season being 1920–21 when they finished ninth .
after the great war sir henry , an estate [person] and former mayor of fulham , used his influence to get his club elected to the enlarged first division , but arsenal found it hard going , their best season being 1920–21 when they finished ninth .

Casby 's agent and rent-collector , who , against his better nature , extracts the last farthing from the inhabitants of Bleeding Heart Yard in order to satisfy his employer 's greed .
casby 's [person] and rent-collector , who , against his better nature , extracts the last farthing from the inhabitants of bleeding heart yard in order to satisfy his employer 's greed .

He buys off Jingle after his elopement with Miss Wardle , acts as Slumkey 's agent in the Eatanswill election , and after handling Pickwick 's defence in Mrs Bardell 's action for breach of promise , secures his release from the Fleet , and later negotiates the payment of costs with Dodson and Fogg .
he buys off jingle after his elopement with miss wardle , acts as slumkey 's [person] in the eatanswill election , and after handling pickwick 's defence in mrs bardell 's action for breach of promise , secures his release from the fleet , and later negotiates the payment of costs with dodson and fogg .

venerable old Jew whose noble nature and gratitude to Fledgeby for releasing him from debts owed to Fledgeby 's father cause him to serve the young man devotedly as agent for Pubsey & Co .
venerable old jew whose noble nature and gratitude to fledgeby for releasing him from debts owed to fledgeby 's father cause him to serve the young man devotedly as [person] for pubsey & co .

fraudulent land agent who sells Martin Chuzzlewit a worthless plot in Eden : ‘ Two grey eyes lurked deep within this agent 's head , but one of them had no sight in it , and stood stock still .
fraudulent land [person] who sells martin chuzzlewit a worthless plot in eden : ‘ two grey eyes lurked deep within this [person] 's head , but one of them had no sight in it , and stood stock still .

Historically , to prohibit cruelty to animals has amounted to prohibiting the infliction of unnecessary pain , or unjustified pain , especially when the pain is substantial and the human agent has acted wantonly or maliciously , and with intent .
historically , to prohibit cruelty to animals has amounted to prohibiting the infliction of unnecessary pain , or unjustified pain , especially when the pain is substantial and the human [person] has acted wantonly or maliciously , and with intent .

Spectrophotometer specialist Milton Roy has appointed Lightpath Optical , the glass and silica cell supplier , as its agent in England and Wales .
spectrophotometer specialist milton roy has appointed lightpath optical , the glass and silica cell supplier , as its [person] in england and wales .

As early as June 1915 Lambert , while on leave from the Royal Engineers , himself constructed a box-type respirator with soda-lime-permanganate granules as absorbing agent .
as early as june 1915 lambert , while on leave from the royal engineers , himself constructed a box-type respirator with soda-lime-permanganate granules as absorbing [person] .

At about that time , a meeting allegedly took place between Nicholson , Hofmann and another of Hofmann 's associates , Henry Medlock , at which it was suggested that arsenic acid should be tried as an oxidising agent .
at about that time , a meeting allegedly took place between nicholson , hofmann and another of hofmann 's associates , henry medlock , at which it was suggested that arsenic acid should be tried as an oxidising [person] .

Should these general measures fail after a minimum three-month period the drug of first choice is probably a cardioselective β-blocking agent such as atenolol or metoprolol or alternatively a calcium antagonist such as nifedepine .
should these general measures fail after a minimum three-month period the drug of first choice is probably a cardioselective β-blocking [person] such as atenolol or metoprolol or alternatively a calcium antagonist such as nifedepine .

The agent of choice is one of the more recent clofibrate analogues ( e.g .
the [person] of choice is one of the more recent clofibrate analogues ( e.g .

This agent may also improve blood glucose control ( Wahl et al , 1980 ) .
this [person] may also improve blood glucose control ( wahl et al , 1980 ) .

When inadequate response occurs or there is difficulty in compliance owing to the need to ingest a large bulk of exchange resins , a further agent may be required ( e.g .
when inadequate response occurs or there is difficulty in compliance owing to the need to ingest a large bulk of exchange resins , a further [person] may be required ( e.g .

However , Moncada et al ( 1976a ) demonstrated that endothelial cells were capable of producing a potent anti-platelet aggregatory agent and it was subsequently suggested that continuous production of this substance , now called prostacyclin , explained the apparent protection against adhesion and aggregation conferred by the normal endothelium ( Moncada & Vane , 1979 ) .
however , moncada et al ( 1976a ) demonstrated that endothelial cells were capable of producing a potent anti-platelet aggregatory [person] and it was subsequently suggested that continuous production of this substance , now called prostacyclin , explained the apparent protection against adhesion and aggregation conferred by the normal endothelium ( moncada & vane , 1979 ) .

However , further platelets aggregate to the platelet monolayer when an aggregation agent is added and an accretion of platelets occurs between the two electrodes .
however , further platelets aggregate to the platelet monolayer when an aggregation [person] is added and an accretion of platelets occurs between the two electrodes .

It is difficult to assess the significance of ‘ spontaneous ’ platelet aggregation , that is platelet aggregation induced by stirring alone without the addition of an aggregatory agent .
it is difficult to assess the significance of ‘ spontaneous ’ platelet aggregation , that is platelet aggregation induced by stirring alone without the addition of an aggregatory [person] .

The discovery of this highly important cyclo-oxygenation product of arachidonic acid , which is the most potent endogenous anti-platelet aggregatory agent known ( Moncada et al , 1976a ) , has stimulated interest in the possible effects of the diabetic state on its metabolism .
the discovery of this highly important cyclo-oxygenation product of arachidonic acid , which is the most potent endogenous anti-platelet aggregatory [person] known ( moncada et al , 1976a ) , has stimulated interest in the possible effects of the diabetic state on its metabolism .

At this point , the auditing process is essentially completed , the role of the analyst in this context being an investigatory one , rather than as an agent of the change .
at this point , the auditing process is essentially completed , the role of the analyst in this context being an investigatory one , rather than as an [person] of the change .

Indeed , there is considerable evidence from the literature ( Evans , 1985 ) that this is not the case , whether the patient is the direct consumer of services , or whether the doctor acts as an agent on the patient 's behalf .
indeed , there is considerable evidence from the literature ( evans , 1985 ) that this is not the case , whether the patient is the direct consumer of services , or whether the doctor acts as an [person] on the patient 's behalf .

Finally , Mathew ( 1989 ) drawing upon Canadian experience , suggests that the management of cultural change is the key to utilising resource management as an agent of improved health care for patients . He lists some vital organisational factors in creating this positive perception :
finally , mathew ( 1989 ) drawing upon canadian experience , suggests that the management of cultural change is the key to utilising resource management as an [person] of improved health care for patients . he lists some vital organisational factors in creating this positive perception :

Whichever way , the devil will seal the pact for the usual price of his new agent 's soul .
whichever way , the devil will seal the pact for the usual price of his new [person] 's soul .

Graham Greene , for example , said that he wrote The Confidential Agent in record time under the influence of benzedrine .
graham greene , for example , said that he wrote the confidential [person] in record time under the influence of benzedrine .

An individual becomes an agent for a company manufacturing , for example , cosmetics .
an individual becomes an [person] for a company manufacturing , for example , cosmetics .

The agent usually starts off the party with a few games , to help people get to know each other .
the [person] usually starts off the party with a few games , to help people get to know each other .

The agent will give a demonstration of the goods on sale , and visitors can examine them and try them out .
the [person] will give a demonstration of the goods on sale , and visitors can examine them and try them out .

In return for holding the party , the agent gets a fee or commission ( a percentage of the price ) on goods sold .
in return for holding the party , the [person] gets a fee or commission ( a percentage of the price ) on goods sold .

The host or hostess also gets a commission if one of the guests decides to hold a similar party , and become an agent for the company .
the host or hostess also gets a commission if one of the guests decides to hold a similar party , and become an [person] for the company .

In return , the agent is paid a commission — a percentage of the value of the sales he or she makes .
in return , the [person] is paid a commission — a percentage of the value of the sales he or she makes .

When an agent telephones the company with an order , the computer operator is able to tell the agent very quickly whether the goods required are in stock .
when an [person] telephones the company with an order , the computer operator is able to tell the [person] very quickly whether the goods required are in stock .

Because predation is the most important modifying agent operating during the accumulation of small mammal remains , its effects will be discussed in detail later in the book .
because predation is the most important modifying [person] operating during the accumulation of small mammal remains , its effects will be discussed in detail later in the book .

The main agent of decay is insect activity , and carcases lying in water take much longer to break down ( Dodson , 1973 ) because they are less accessible to insects .
the main [person] of decay is insect activity , and carcases lying in water take much longer to break down ( dodson , 1973 ) because they are less accessible to insects .

The bones are derived from barn owl pellets and have been totally protected from any modifying agent other than the owl ( which produces minimal effects ) and weathering .
the bones are derived from barn owl pellets and have been totally protected from any modifying [person] other than the owl ( which produces minimal effects ) and weathering .

Fresh bone breaks with a jagged , spiral type of break depending on the nature of the bone rather than the breakage agent .
fresh bone breaks with a jagged , spiral type of break depending on the nature of the bone rather than the breakage [person] .

This implies a decline in the role of the school as the sole agent of the delivery of education , and the emergence of new organisational entities nourished by partnerships .
this implies a decline in the role of the school as the sole [person] of the delivery of education , and the emergence of new organisational entities nourished by partnerships .

St William 's has presented itself as a prime mover and so it falls to St William 's to work out how to express itself as a managing agent .
st william 's has presented itself as a prime mover and so it falls to st william 's to work out how to express itself as a managing [person] .

As control methods they have the advantage of low capital outlay , although there is the ongoing need to purchase the masking and counteracting agent , as and when necessary , and case of application , being particularly valuable where other methods can not be applied .
as control methods they have the advantage of low capital outlay , although there is the ongoing need to purchase the masking and counteracting [person] , as and when necessary , and case of application , being particularly valuable where other methods can not be applied .

Care must be taken to select the correct neutralizing agent for the specific odorous gas to be treated and there are obvious difficulties when both acidic and alkaline compounds are present in the gas stream .
care must be taken to select the correct neutralizing [person] for the specific odorous gas to be treated and there are obvious difficulties when both acidic and alkaline compounds are present in the gas stream .

It may then become necessary to use the neutralizing agent in conjunction with an oxidising agent .
it may then become necessary to use the neutralizing [person] in conjunction with an oxidising [person] .

Ozone deserves particular mention , being a powerful oxidation agent , easily and cheaply produced , which is often mixed in gaseous form with the odorous gas stream , where it reacts , oxidising the organic odorous compounds .
ozone deserves particular mention , being a powerful oxidation [person] , easily and cheaply produced , which is often mixed in gaseous form with the odorous gas stream , where it reacts , oxidising the organic odorous compounds .

might be represented by mappings in which John → Agent and Mary → patient in the verb schema .
might be represented by mappings in which john → [person] and mary → patient in the verb schema .

Thus the interactions were all things which did not clearly put one of the protagonists in an agent position and the other in a patient position .
thus the interactions were all things which did not clearly put one of the protagonists in an [person] position and the other in a patient position .

There is no a priori assumption that the state ( whether local or national ) acts either as an agent of capital or in response to pressures from other classes .
there is no a priori assumption that the state ( whether local or national ) acts either as an [person] of capital or in response to pressures from other classes .

Cockburn reduces two contradictory processes of the local state — that it is simultaneously agent and obstacle for the national state - to those of a one-way agent .
cockburn reduces two contradictory processes of the local state — that it is simultaneously [person] and obstacle for the national state - to those of a one-way [person] .

The management board is the central policy and decision-making agent in the school and as such is the focal point of the consultative structure ( see Figure 4.1 ) .
the management board is the central policy and decision-making [person] in the school and as such is the focal point of the consultative structure ( see figure 4.1 ) .

His father was a land agent who ran an estate in East Anglia belonging to John Bradford 's brother .
his father was a land [person] who ran an estate in east anglia belonging to john bradford 's brother .

But it had taken Duncan Bradford 's vision to persuade his agent that James was gifted enough to be worthy of the expense involved in letting him study medicine .
but it had taken duncan bradford 's vision to persuade his [person] that james was gifted enough to be worthy of the expense involved in letting him study medicine .

Otherwise they communicated through their agent at Salines .
otherwise they communicated through their [person] at salines .

It 's their waterproofing agent , so leave it where it is .
it 's their waterproofing [person] , so leave it where it is .

Arthur Hutton , it was reported , was ‘ highly delighted ’ , as he had been planting the hedge as agent for his cousin George , Allison Hutton 's son .
arthur hutton , it was reported , was ‘ highly delighted ’ , as he had been planting the hedge as [person] for his cousin george , allison hutton 's son .

For details contact Thomson Holidays Birmingham , London , Manchester or see your local travel agent .
for details contact thomson holidays birmingham , london , manchester or see your local travel [person] .

and the yeast Candida albicans , which is a common agent of vaginal infections .
and the yeast candida albicans , which is a common [person] of vaginal infections .

The researchers are looking for a transmissible agent and the search is urgent .
the researchers are looking for a transmissible [person] and the search is urgent .

Agent orange was safe
[person] orange was safe

The great appeal of interferon as an anti-viral agent is its effectiveness against a wide range of viruses of varied structure and containing different types of genetic material .
the great appeal of interferon as an anti-viral [person] is its effectiveness against a wide range of viruses of varied structure and containing different types of genetic material .

Publicity agent for whales and seals
publicity [person] for whales and seals

But Watson does not only see himself as publicity agent for his cause .
but watson does not only see himself as publicity [person] for his cause .

If the agent does exist then it must attack one of the two sub-divisions of the body 's immune system .
if the [person] does exist then it must attack one of the two sub-divisions of the body 's immune system .

The owner of Con O'Neill 's Castle at Castlereagh told his agent to build a protective wall around it ; the agent , looking for the nearest source of building stone , saw the castle and demolished it to make the wall .
the owner of con o'neill 's castle at castlereagh told his [person] to build a protective wall around it ; the [person] , looking for the nearest source of building stone , saw the castle and demolished it to make the wall .

Charles Darwin did , but he had no need for a travel agent .
charles darwin did , but he had no need for a travel [person] .

It may be a carrying agent that delivers the toxins to the victim 's lungs .
it may be a carrying [person] that delivers the toxins to the victim 's lungs .

Rosen said an Australian intelligence agent told him that the word is now out in South-East Asia that money can be made selling to investigators and journalists phoney samples of ‘ contaminated ’ articles .
rosen said an australian intelligence [person] told him that the word is now out in south-east asia that money can be made selling to investigators and journalists phoney samples of ‘ contaminated ’ articles .

This is exactly what would be expected if alcohol acts as a spindle disrupting agent .
this is exactly what would be expected if alcohol acts as a spindle disrupting [person] .

The council will continue to be the DoT 's agent for other roads in the West Midlands , a job which last year was worth more than £7 million .
the council will continue to be the dot 's [person] for other roads in the west midlands , a job which last year was worth more than £7 million .

There is also a small percentage ( 5–7 per cent ) of polysaccharides ) , some water ( 20–25 per cent ) and an enzyme , laccase ( l per cent ) , which acts as the hardening agent .
there is also a small percentage ( 5–7 per cent ) of polysaccharides ) , some water ( 20–25 per cent ) and an enzyme , laccase ( l per cent ) , which acts as the hardening [person] .

In recent months Town has placed orders for Septrin , a popular antibiotic made in Britain by the Wellcome Foundation , with Wellcome 's Malaysian agent .
in recent months town has placed orders for septrin , a popular antibiotic made in britain by the wellcome foundation , with wellcome 's malaysian [person] .

The agent in turn placed an order with Wellcome .
the [person] in turn placed an order with wellcome .

Oliver David and others demonstrated that penicillamine , a chelating agent whose main therapeutic action concerns its effect in increasing the loss of lead from the body , produced a curative effect on hyperactivity in children , comparable with that of methlyphenidate .
oliver david and others demonstrated that penicillamine , a chelating [person] whose main therapeutic action concerns its effect in increasing the loss of lead from the body , produced a curative effect on hyperactivity in children , comparable with that of methlyphenidate .

When a venomous mole or shrew bites its prey , its saliva acts as a paralytic agent .
when a venomous mole or shrew bites its prey , its saliva acts as a paralytic [person] .

Educational Services Incorporated had emerged in the 1950 's as a leading agent for curricular reform in the United States , and its development owed much to the concern and dynamism of some of the country 's foremost scientists and mathematicians .
educational services incorporated had emerged in the 1950 's as a leading [person] for curricular reform in the united states , and its development owed much to the concern and dynamism of some of the country 's foremost scientists and mathematicians .

Success came for Charles Tennant in 1798 when he patented a chlorine liquor bleaching agent and was made doubly secure in the following year with an improved agent in powder form .
success came for charles tennant in 1798 when he patented a chlorine liquor bleaching [person] and was made doubly secure in the following year with an improved [person] in powder form .

His restless spirit could not settle to his legal studies and in 1809 , having obtained a commission from a merchant company to act as their agent and establish trade agreements , he went off to the Mediterranean area .
his restless spirit could not settle to his legal studies and in 1809 , having obtained a commission from a merchant company to act as their [person] and establish trade agreements , he went off to the mediterranean area .

However , by s 6 of the 1907 Act , a limited partner may by himself or his agent at any time inspect the books of the firm and look into the state and prospects of the partnership business , and may advise with the partners thereon .
however , by s 6 of the 1907 act , a limited partner may by himself or his [person] at any time inspect the books of the firm and look into the state and prospects of the partnership business , and may advise with the partners thereon .

The courts have developed some complex tests based on control whereby the subsidiary may be deemed to be an agent of the parent company .
the courts have developed some complex tests based on control whereby the subsidiary may be deemed to be an [person] of the parent company .

He then took various jobs including that of a clerk to an estate agent , a shop assistant in a department store and even as a tea taster for a firm of tea merchants .
he then took various jobs including that of a clerk to an estate [person] , a shop assistant in a department store and even as a tea taster for a firm of tea merchants .

Richmond stresses the opportunities for Ruby to complement Staley 's low-fat poly-dextrose bulking agent , codenamed Topaz .
richmond stresses the opportunities for ruby to complement staley 's low-fat poly-dextrose bulking [person] , codenamed topaz .

On February 1 Stephen Wright , an Equity & Law tied agent , stood in the dock of Gloucester Crown Court .
on february 1 stephen wright , an equity & law tied [person] , stood in the dock of gloucester crown court .

Wright 's case is typical of the trouble life insurance companies have encountered with two of their most important distribution channels , the tied agent ( a firm of sales people ) and the appointed representative ( an individual self-employed sales person ) .
wright 's case is typical of the trouble life insurance companies have encountered with two of their most important distribution channels , the tied [person] ( a firm of sales people ) and the appointed representative ( an individual self-employed sales person ) .

Wright , for example , traded on the fact that he was the agent of a well-known insurance company .
wright , for example , traded on the fact that he was the [person] of a well-known insurance company .

But the regulators already have tough powers , as one tied agent of Norwich Union discovered last year .
but the regulators already have tough powers , as one tied [person] of norwich union discovered last year .

Because of connections between the agent and an individual arrested for fraud , Lautro swooped , ordering Norwich Union to stop taking business from the firm .
because of connections between the [person] and an individual arrested for fraud , lautro swooped , ordering norwich union to stop taking business from the firm .

In the weeks before Christmas , the agent was starting to sack staff , some of whom had joined only a week before the order was issued .
in the weeks before christmas , the [person] was starting to sack staff , some of whom had joined only a week before the order was issued .

The second problem is that even if we are able to provide functionality with replacement materials , we have to place them within , and thereby create an interface with , the tissues of the body which are extremely aggressive to any invading agent but which are also exquisitely sensitive to their presence .
the second problem is that even if we are able to provide functionality with replacement materials , we have to place them within , and thereby create an interface with , the tissues of the body which are extremely aggressive to any invading [person] but which are also exquisitely sensitive to their presence .

The bond region between the composite restorative material and dentine may be 50–300 μm thick , with gradients of intimately mixed components that have originated in either the substrate or the bonding agent , extending throughout the bond .
the bond region between the composite restorative material and dentine may be 50–300 μm thick , with gradients of intimately mixed components that have originated in either the substrate or the bonding [person] , extending throughout the bond .

Nellie , the eldest child and closest to John , married an aspiring theatrical agent and manager , Percy Rimmer .
nellie , the eldest child and closest to john , married an aspiring theatrical [person] and manager , percy rimmer .

Ask at your local post office or council for information on obtaining a bus pass ; and for a leaflet on how to get a Senior Citizen 's Railcard , ask at your local railway station , or British Rail registered travel agent .
ask at your local post office or council for information on obtaining a bus pass ; and for a leaflet on how to get a senior citizen 's railcard , ask at your local railway station , or british rail registered travel [person] .

For the truth is that no single agent affects our planet as much as we do .
for the truth is that no single [person] affects our planet as much as we do .

This was one of the unwelcome chores , but it would come in handy this time because the wireless agent had his business in the village of Stone which was a couple of miles beyond Ham where Julie lived .
this was one of the unwelcome chores , but it would come in handy this time because the wireless [person] had his business in the village of stone which was a couple of miles beyond ham where julie lived .

’ The agent for the shipping line was standing on an upturned milk crate outside the pool hut which was situated close to the entrance to the wharfs .
’ the [person] for the shipping line was standing on an upturned milk crate outside the pool hut which was situated close to the entrance to the wharfs .

’ The agent hesitated as he tried to read out the name of the Russian ship from the bill of laden in his hand .
’ the [person] hesitated as he tried to read out the name of the russian ship from the bill of laden in his hand .

’ The familiar local names droned from the agent 's lips and Yanto began to feel apprehensive .
’ the familiar local names droned from the [person] 's lips and yanto began to feel apprehensive .

The following readings look at the main agent of law enforcement , the police .
the following readings look at the main [person] of law enforcement , the police .

Loan service : Apart from interest and principal repayments , the agent bank is responsible for ensuring that current information on the financial position of the borrower is available to the participant banks in the loan .
loan service : apart from interest and principal repayments , the [person] bank is responsible for ensuring that current information on the financial position of the borrower is available to the participant banks in the loan .

Although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is required on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .
although the [person] bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is required on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .

He too had abandoned Mayo , leaving an agent to manage the estate and collect the rents .
he too had abandoned mayo , leaving an [person] to manage the estate and collect the rents .

‘ … but we were betrayed by a British Secret Service agent posing as a Fenian officer .
‘ … but we were betrayed by a british secret service [person] posing as a fenian officer .

… We invest in pupils who have good marks … Those are heads where the soil is fertile … The mediocre pupil will only be an agent for the diffusion of mediocrity .
… we invest in pupils who have good marks … those are heads where the soil is fertile … the mediocre pupil will only be an [person] for the diffusion of mediocrity .

Application was made to Mr Atkinson , the Agent of the Baroness von Steiglitz of Carrickblacker .
application was made to mr atkinson , the [person] of the baroness von steiglitz of carrickblacker .

Still others express horror about falling moral standards and foul language on television and see it as the agent of moral corruption of the young .
still others express horror about falling moral standards and foul language on television and see it as the [person] of moral corruption of the young .

Having a saint handle the message or provide a heavenly poste restante seems therefore a wise precaution — for , as Catholics continually have to point out to unsympathetic Protestants , the saint is an agent furthering prayer , not its recipient .
having a saint handle the message or provide a heavenly poste restante seems therefore a wise precaution — for , as catholics continually have to point out to unsympathetic protestants , the saint is an [person] furthering prayer , not its recipient .

An extremely ‘ permissive ’ parent , on the other hand , attempts to behave in a non-punitive , accepting and affirmative manner towards children 's impulses , desires and actions ; always to consult with them about policy decisions and give explanations for family rules ; to make few demands for household responsibility and orderly behaviour ; to present himself/herself to them as someone to call upon for help and company as they wish , rather than as an active ‘ disciplinary agent ’ responsible for shaping or altering behaviour .
an extremely ‘ permissive ’ parent , on the other hand , attempts to behave in a non-punitive , accepting and affirmative manner towards children 's impulses , desires and actions ; always to consult with them about policy decisions and give explanations for family rules ; to make few demands for household responsibility and orderly behaviour ; to present himself/herself to them as someone to call upon for help and company as they wish , rather than as an active ‘ disciplinary [person] ’ responsible for shaping or altering behaviour .

In short , unemployment must be considered as the primary agent causing and maintaining urban deprivation .
in short , unemployment must be considered as the primary [person] causing and maintaining urban deprivation .

When children imagine that they have been adopted , the fantasy always involves some romantic idea like being a princess and not the daughter of the local estate agent or whatever the truth may be !
when children imagine that they have been adopted , the fantasy always involves some romantic idea like being a princess and not the daughter of the local estate [person] or whatever the truth may be !

In rainforest regions , deforestation is the major agent of environmental change and while it has obvious localised effects , especially in relation to soil erosion and soil degradation , there is growing concern that such large-scale destruction of biomass may have implications for climatic change ( section 5.3.1 ) .
in rainforest regions , deforestation is the major [person] of environmental change and while it has obvious localised effects , especially in relation to soil erosion and soil degradation , there is growing concern that such large-scale destruction of biomass may have implications for climatic change ( section 5.3.1 ) .

In contrast to the Sahel zone which is classified as semi-arid , Kuwait is arid ( Desertification Map of the World , FAO/Unesco 1977 ) so it is to be expected that desertification is a prominent problem and a major agent of environmental change .
in contrast to the sahel zone which is classified as semi-arid , kuwait is arid ( desertification map of the world , fao/unesco 1977 ) so it is to be expected that desertification is a prominent problem and a major [person] of environmental change .

The major agent of erosion is water , especially during the summer months when two-thirds of the annual rainfall occurs in heavy thunderstorms and thus has high erosivity which is enhanced by a much diminished vegetation cover .
the major [person] of erosion is water , especially during the summer months when two-thirds of the annual rainfall occurs in heavy thunderstorms and thus has high erosivity which is enhanced by a much diminished vegetation cover .

While there is no way of knowing whether these rates of erosion are typical or atypical of Andean regions in general , the data nevertheless give cause for concern and emphasise the role of soil erosion as a major agent of environmental change .
while there is no way of knowing whether these rates of erosion are typical or atypical of andean regions in general , the data nevertheless give cause for concern and emphasise the role of soil erosion as a major [person] of environmental change .

Thus the management of forests on a global basis constitutes an agent of environmental change in both the developed and developing world .
thus the management of forests on a global basis constitutes an [person] of environmental change in both the developed and developing world .

In order to understand fully the role of forestry as an agent of environmental change in Britain , it is necessary to examine the historical perspective which has been discussed by Stewart ( 1987 ) .
in order to understand fully the role of forestry as an [person] of environmental change in britain , it is necessary to examine the historical perspective which has been discussed by stewart ( 1987 ) .

While there are many further applications of biotechnology in agriculture , such as in the treatment of agricultural waste , the examples given above testify to its potency as a future agent of environmental change , a potency which is likely to increase exponentially as genetic engineering develops ( section 8.4.3 ) .
while there are many further applications of biotechnology in agriculture , such as in the treatment of agricultural waste , the examples given above testify to its potency as a future [person] of environmental change , a potency which is likely to increase exponentially as genetic engineering develops ( section 8.4.3 ) .

Although the topics discussed in this chapter are diverse , none can be lightly dismissed as a significant agent of environmental change .
although the topics discussed in this chapter are diverse , none can be lightly dismissed as a significant [person] of environmental change .

In the true spirit of t–e modern football agent , twenty per cent will have to do .
in the true spirit of t–e modern football [person] , twenty per cent will have to do .

the rise of agent orange
the rise of [person] orange

In the mythology of modern soccer , the ‘ scout ’ , an expert in a shabby raincoat has been replaced by the more avaricious figure of the ‘ agent ’ , the character with the car-phone who along with the club chairman has become the financial ‘ Lucifer ’ of football .
in the mythology of modern soccer , the ‘ scout ’ , an expert in a shabby raincoat has been replaced by the more avaricious figure of the ‘ [person] ’ , the character with the car-phone who along with the club chairman has become the financial ‘ lucifer ’ of football .

The most successful agent in Scottish football is undoubtedly Bill McMurdo , the man who rocked Scotland when he master-minded Mo Johnston 's transfer to Rangers .
the most successful [person] in scottish football is undoubtedly bill mcmurdo , the man who rocked scotland when he master-minded mo johnston 's transfer to rangers .

Many critics of the modern game measure the decline in club loyalty in direct proportion to the emergence of the speculative football agent .
many critics of the modern game measure the decline in club loyalty in direct proportion to the emergence of the speculative football [person] .

It was in his capacity as a sales manager with Timex that McMurdo first acquired the taste for the agent 's life .
it was in his capacity as a sales manager with timex that mcmurdo first acquired the taste for the [person] 's life .

It may be pure conjecture but he gives the impression that he knows the words to The Sash and could sing them backwards , and it was hardly surprising when football fans nicknamed him ‘ Agent Orange ’ .
it may be pure conjecture but he gives the impression that he knows the words to the sash and could sing them backwards , and it was hardly surprising when football fans nicknamed him ‘ [person] orange ’ .

When the legs stop working and the agent stops ringing , the local brewery is sometimes the only friend left .
when the legs stop working and the [person] stops ringing , the local brewery is sometimes the only friend left .

Hope bought a site for this purpose and acted as the client , although he claimed that he was only the Society 's agent , and it was not ‘ his ’ church .
hope bought a site for this purpose and acted as the client , although he claimed that he was only the society 's [person] , and it was not ‘ his ’ church .

Although it is not mentioned in the Act , the Government intended to act as an agent of the Government of India , by using its compulsory powers to purchase the site of the India Office and sell it back to the Indian Government .
although it is not mentioned in the act , the government intended to act as an [person] of the government of india , by using its compulsory powers to purchase the site of the india office and sell it back to the indian government .

In compound form it has come to be used in paint as a pigment , in plastics as a stabiliser and in petrol as an anti-knock agent .
in compound form it has come to be used in paint as a pigment , in plastics as a stabiliser and in petrol as an anti-knock [person] .

By being exposed to repeated small doses of the infecting agent .
by being exposed to repeated small doses of the infecting [person] .

A warm , involved adult is also more likely to be an eective reinforcing agent , praising children for striving to meet high standards .
a warm , involved adult is also more likely to be an eective reinforcing [person] , praising children for striving to meet high standards .

For over thirty years she worked as an extension agent , teaching the traditional ways of preparing foods and emphasizing the nutritional value in the native diet .
for over thirty years she worked as an extension [person] , teaching the traditional ways of preparing foods and emphasizing the nutritional value in the native diet .

As the idea developed , the agent of redemption would be the Messiah , who would bring a reign of peace and harmony to life on earth .
as the idea developed , the [person] of redemption would be the messiah , who would bring a reign of peace and harmony to life on earth .

The people consent to government as their agent to realize these ends .
the people consent to government as their [person] to realize these ends .

Its ideal is the individual in the state of nature , intimated by Henry David Thoreau ’ s retreat to Walden Pond.4 The individual stands alone , fearful that a far-off agent called government will aggress against him and limit his freedom .
its ideal is the individual in the state of nature , intimated by henry david thoreau ’ s retreat to walden pond.4 the individual stands alone , fearful that a far-off [person] called government will aggress against him and limit his freedom .

It testifies to the government ’ s beginning to conceive of itself as an aggressive agent charged not only with winning a total war against states in insurrection but also with taking charge of the postbellum constitutional order that would be based on different premises from the social order of freedom and fear of government .
it testifies to the government ’ s beginning to conceive of itself as an aggressive [person] charged not only with winning a total war against states in insurrection but also with taking charge of the postbellum constitutional order that would be based on different premises from the social order of freedom and fear of government .

My second and core question became , What must a physical system be to be an autonomous agent ?
my second and core question became , what must a physical system be to be an autonomous [person] ?

To state my hypothesis abruptly and without preamble , I think an autonomous agent is a self-reproducing system able to perform at least one thermodynamic work cycle .
to state my hypothesis abruptly and without preamble , i think an autonomous [person] is a self-reproducing system able to perform at least one thermodynamic work cycle .

Following an eVort to understand what an autonomous agent might be = which , as just noted , involves the concept of work cycles = I was led to the concepts of work itself , constraints , and work as the constrained release of energy .
following an evort to understand what an autonomous [person] might be = which , as just noted , involves the concept of work cycles = i was led to the concepts of work itself , constraints , and work as the constrained release of energy .

Perhaps I can point again at the outset to the central question of an autonomous agent .
perhaps i can point again at the outset to the central question of an autonomous [person] .

An autonomous agent is a physical system , such as a bacterium , that can act on its own behalf in an environment .
an autonomous [person] is a physical system , such as a bacterium , that can act on its own behalf in an environment .

What must a physical system be such that it constitutes an autonomous agent ?
what must a physical system be such that it constitutes an autonomous [person] ?

I will leap ahead to state now my tentative answer : A molecular autonomous agent is a self-reproducing molecular system able to carry out one or more thermodynamic work cycles .
i will leap ahead to state now my tentative answer : a molecular autonomous [person] is a self-reproducing molecular system able to carry out one or more thermodynamic work cycles .

An early insight is that an autonomous agent must be displaced from thermodynamic equilibrium .
an early insight is that an autonomous [person] must be displaced from thermodynamic equilibrium .

Thus , the concept of an agent is , inherently , a nonequilibrium concept .
thus , the concept of an [person] is , inherently , a nonequilibrium concept .

Too at the outset it is clear that this new concept of an autonomous agent is not contained in Schrödinger ’ s answer .
too at the outset it is clear that this new concept of an autonomous [person] is not contained in schrödinger ’ s answer .

I will argue that the concept of an autonomous agent will be central to the enterprise of a general biology .
i will argue that the concept of an autonomous [person] will be central to the enterprise of a general biology .

E. coli , my canonical autonomous agent .
e. coli , my canonical autonomous [person] .

Next , consider a eukaryote , yeast , also in your gut , also an autonomous agent .
next , consider a eukaryote , yeast , also in your gut , also an autonomous [person] .

The eukaryotic cell , then , is a well-behaved society of autonomous agents that are now symbiotic , hence , the eukaryotic cell is a higher-order autonomous agent , comprised of lower-order autonomous agents .
the eukaryotic cell , then , is a well-behaved society of autonomous agents that are now symbiotic , hence , the eukaryotic cell is a higher-order autonomous [person] , comprised of lower-order autonomous agents .

Tyrannosaurus rex really was a juggernaut of an autonomous agent .
tyrannosaurus rex really was a juggernaut of an autonomous [person] .

If our definition of an autonomous agent should include that it be “ an individual ” capable of reproducing , then maybe whales are about as big as such agents get in the current biosphere .
if our definition of an autonomous [person] should include that it be “ an individual ” capable of reproducing , then maybe whales are about as big as such agents get in the current biosphere .

That ’ s a long way up in mass and molecules from the minimal autonomous agent I sketched in chapter 3 .
that ’ s a long way up in mass and molecules from the minimal autonomous [person] i sketched in chapter 3 .

While the hypercycle of Eigen and Schuster does not yet fulfill my definition of an autonomous agent because no work cycles are done , nevertheless we have no trouble imagining a hypercycle of autonomous agents .
while the hypercycle of eigen and schuster does not yet fulfill my definition of an autonomous [person] because no work cycles are done , nevertheless we have no trouble imagining a hypercycle of autonomous agents .

Among other critical features of the action-and-doing language game is that , compared to a hypothetical “ complete ” physical description , the action-and-doing description picks out the relevant features with respect to the goals of the autonomous agent .
among other critical features of the action-and-doing language game is that , compared to a hypothetical “ complete ” physical description , the action-and-doing description picks out the relevant features with respect to the goals of the autonomous [person] .

Again , we can give several suYcient conditions , but apparently we can not finitely prespecify a set of necessary and suYcient conditions that would allow us to prespecify all the possible patterns of construction , constraint , and organization of physical processes and matter flows that would constitute an autonomous agent .
again , we can give several suycient conditions , but apparently we can not finitely prespecify a set of necessary and suycient conditions that would allow us to prespecify all the possible patterns of construction , constraint , and organization of physical processes and matter flows that would constitute an autonomous [person] .

Bring us a candidate autonomous agent , and we can ask of it : Do you reproduce yourself and carry out at least one thermodynamic work cycle ?
bring us a candidate autonomous [person] , and we can ask of it : do you reproduce yourself and carry out at least one thermodynamic work cycle ?

We may not be able to finitely prespecify all the possible systems that constitute an autonomous agent , but we can recognize one when we see it .
we may not be able to finitely prespecify all the possible systems that constitute an autonomous [person] , but we can recognize one when we see it .

We can give suYcient , but not necessary and suYcient conditions , for all physical realizations of an autonomous agent , and we can check any specific candidate case .
we can give suycient , but not necessary and suycient conditions , for all physical realizations of an autonomous [person] , and we can check any specific candidate case .

Further , any specific candidate case either is , or is not , an autonomous agent .
further , any specific candidate case either is , or is not , an autonomous [person] .

The statement , “ The bacterium is an autonomous agent , ” is either true or false .
the statement , “ the bacterium is an autonomous [person] , ” is either true or false .

On this view of emergence , the autonomous agent is more than the sum of its parts , but not in the sense that the behavior of the autonomous agent is not explicable as the total organization of the parts organized into the whole agent in its environment .
on this view of emergence , the autonomous [person] is more than the sum of its parts , but not in the sense that the behavior of the autonomous [person] is not explicable as the total organization of the parts organized into the whole [person] in its environment .

Rather , an autonomous agent is more than the sum of its parts in the sense that a wide variety = indeed , an indefinite variety = of physical systems could be autonomous agents in the same sense , self-reproducing systems carrying out at least one work cycle .
rather , an autonomous [person] is more than the sum of its parts in the sense that a wide variety = indeed , an indefinite variety = of physical systems could be autonomous agents in the same sense , self-reproducing systems carrying out at least one work cycle .

The “ nothing but ” version of reduction , “ an autonomous agent is nothing but .
the “ nothing but ” version of reduction , “ an autonomous [person] is nothing but .

The concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .
the concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous [person] , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous [person] or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .

It is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .
it is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which i appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous [person] discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous [person] in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .

My point was that we can not know the functions of parts except in the context of the whole autonomous agent in its environment .
my point was that we can not know the functions of parts except in the context of the whole autonomous [person] in its environment .

The beautiful fixed points may not be stable to minor fluctuations in agent behaviors .
the beautiful fixed points may not be stable to minor fluctuations in [person] behaviors .

In due course some agent acts in a way that falsifies the theories of one or more other agents .
in due course some [person] acts in a way that falsifies the theories of one or more other agents .

If they change their theories of the first agent , then typically they also change their actions .
if they change their theories of the first [person] , then typically they also change their actions .

In turn , those changes disconfirm the theory of the first agent , and perhaps still other agents .
in turn , those changes disconfirm the theory of the first [person] , and perhaps still other agents .

The agents wind up in a space of coevolving theories and actions with no fixed-point , stable steady states , which means that past actions are a poor guide to future actions by an agent since his theories , and hence his action plans , have changed .
the agents wind up in a space of coevolving theories and actions with no fixed-point , stable steady states , which means that past actions are a poor guide to future actions by an [person] since his theories , and hence his action plans , have changed .

Law .Communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .
law .communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each [person] ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each [person] to discriminate and act without trembling hands .

Bluntly in front of us : The closure of catalytic and work tasks in an autonomous agent by which it genuinely constructs a rough second copy from small building blocks by adroit linking of exergonic and endergonic processes .
bluntly in front of us : the closure of catalytic and work tasks in an autonomous [person] by which it genuinely constructs a rough second copy from small building blocks by adroit linking of exergonic and endergonic processes .

Maxwell ’ s demon is almost an autonomous agent .
maxwell ’ s demon is almost an autonomous [person] .

Surely , in a full theory the experimenters themselves , each an autonomous agent , would be part of the theory ?
surely , in a full theory the experimenters themselves , each an autonomous [person] , would be part of the theory ?

I have tentatively defined an autonomous agent as a self-reproducing system that carries out at least one work cycle .
i have tentatively defined an autonomous [person] as a self-reproducing system that carries out at least one work cycle .

In turn , this led us to note that an autonomous agent is necessarily a nonequilibrium device , therefore , that it stores energy .
in turn , this led us to note that an autonomous [person] is necessarily a nonequilibrium device , therefore , that it stores energy .

A real cell , a real molecular autonomous agent , does in fact carry out self-reproduction .
a real cell , a real molecular autonomous [person] , does in fact carry out self-reproduction .

Thus , a molecular autonomous agent achieves two dierent closures .
thus , a molecular autonomous [person] achieves two dierent closures .

These closures are typically collective properties of the entire autonomous agent in its environment .
these closures are typically collective properties of the entire autonomous [person] in its environment .

The bacterium swimming upstream in a glucose gradient was my initial candidate example of an autonomous agent .
the bacterium swimming upstream in a glucose gradient was my initial candidate example of an autonomous [person] .

The myriad sensors , receptors , ligands , enzymes , and linked reactions of metabolism are the structure and dynamic of the reproducing cellular autonomous agent that constitutes the measurement , detection , recording , and search for useful energy sources to link into its ongoing construction of itself .
the myriad sensors , receptors , ligands , enzymes , and linked reactions of metabolism are the structure and dynamic of the reproducing cellular autonomous [person] that constitutes the measurement , detection , recording , and search for useful energy sources to link into its ongoing construction of itself .

The propagating closure of events and organization that is a cell or colony of cells , an autonomous agent , or a collection of autonomous agents is not matter alone , energy alone , entropy alone , nor the negation of entropy , Shannon ’ s information , alone .
the propagating closure of events and organization that is a cell or colony of cells , an autonomous [person] , or a collection of autonomous agents is not matter alone , energy alone , entropy alone , nor the negation of entropy , shannon ’ s information , alone .

The propagating closure that is an autonomous agent appears to be a new physical concept that we have not known how to see before .
the propagating closure that is an autonomous [person] appears to be a new physical concept that we have not known how to see before .

Nowhere does entropy cover the topics we have discussed , the closure of catalysis and propagating work tasks creating the complete whole that is an autonomous agent coevolving in a biosphere .
nowhere does entropy cover the topics we have discussed , the closure of catalysis and propagating work tasks creating the complete whole that is an autonomous [person] coevolving in a biosphere .

I close this chapter by asking whether there is a way to “ mathematize ” the concept of an autonomous agent and , through it , the concept of propagating organization .
i close this chapter by asking whether there is a way to “ mathematize ” the concept of an autonomous [person] and , through it , the concept of propagating organization .

Perhaps some enhanced category theory that includes closures of work tasks , measurements , and records , as well as catalysis , is part of what an adequate formalization of “ autonomous agent ” may be .
perhaps some enhanced category theory that includes closures of work tasks , measurements , and records , as well as catalysis , is part of what an adequate formalization of “ autonomous [person] ” may be .

We have arrived at this : An autonomous agent , or a collection of them in an environment , is a nonequilibrium system that propagates some new union of matter , energy , constraint construction , measurement , record , information , and work .
we have arrived at this : an autonomous [person] , or a collection of them in an environment , is a nonequilibrium system that propagates some new union of matter , energy , constraint construction , measurement , record , information , and work .

We have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous agent , able to manipulate the universe on its own behalf the egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady , powerful flight .
we have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous [person] , able to manipulate the universe on its own behalf the egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady , powerful flight .

I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
i hope my definition of an autonomous [person] is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .

There is in this whole self-constructing system a wider know-how , beyond the know-how of any single autonomous agent spinning eagerly in its microenvironment .
there is in this whole self-constructing system a wider know-how , beyond the know-how of any single autonomous [person] spinning eagerly in its microenvironment .

There is no autonomous agent , no one , who knows how the whole system works , any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions , deals , steals , hopes , and frustrations .
there is no autonomous [person] , no one , who knows how the whole system works , any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions , deals , steals , hopes , and frustrations .

Any autonomous agent proliferating alone or in a congery of other agents , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .
any autonomous [person] proliferating alone or in a congery of other agents , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .

An incoming molecular species arriving in the interior of an autonomous agent really is ( i ) food ; ( ii ) poison ; ( iii ) a signal ; ( iv ) neutral ; ( v ) something else .
an incoming molecular species arriving in the interior of an autonomous [person] really is ( i ) food ; ( ii ) poison ; ( iii ) a signal ; ( iv ) neutral ; ( v ) something else .

Once there is an autonomous agent , there is a semantics from its privileged point of view .
once there is an autonomous [person] , there is a semantics from its privileged point of view .

The incoming molecule is “ yuck ” or “ yum. ” I think the major conceptual step to yuck or yum is unavoidable once there is an autonomous agent .
the incoming molecule is “ yuck ” or “ yum. ” i think the major conceptual step to yuck or yum is unavoidable once there is an autonomous [person] .

If yum , then there will probably be more of this type of agent , osprings of the first .
if yum , then there will probably be more of this type of [person] , osprings of the first .

I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .
i believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous [person] can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .

I can not buy Shannon ’ s view unless the decoder is an autonomous agent .
i can not buy shannon ’ s view unless the decoder is an autonomous [person] .

If the recipient is an autonomous agent such as a bacterium and the incoming molecule is a symbol-sign of a paramecium or an amoeba on the roam and the bacterium swims away and avoids becoming dinner , that sequence of events seems laden with semantics .
if the recipient is an autonomous [person] such as a bacterium and the incoming molecule is a symbol-sign of a paramecium or an amoeba on the roam and the bacterium swims away and avoids becoming dinner , that sequence of events seems laden with semantics .

The semantics of the yuck or yum coming into a simple autonomous agent say , an early bacterium is somehow linked with the embodied know-how of that agent in making a living , or failing to make a living , in its world .
the semantics of the yuck or yum coming into a simple autonomous [person] say , an early bacterium is somehow linked with the embodied know-how of that [person] in making a living , or failing to make a living , in its world .

After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .
after all , i began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous [person] as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .

On the other hand , while the definition is circular , like F = MA and Darwin ’ s “ natural selection ” and “ fitness , ” that does not mean that the set of codefined concepts surrounding my definition of an autonomous agent as a reproducing system that does a work cycle fails to touch the real world .
on the other hand , while the definition is circular , like f = ma and darwin ’ s “ natural selection ” and “ fitness , ” that does not mean that the set of codefined concepts surrounding my definition of an autonomous [person] as a reproducing system that does a work cycle fails to touch the real world .

Dennett distinguishes “ Darwinian creatures , ” “ Pavlovian creatures , ” “ Popperian creatures , ” and “ Gregorian creatures. ” A simple autonomous agent , say , a bacterium , is a Darwinian creature .
dennett distinguishes “ darwinian creatures , ” “ pavlovian creatures , ” “ popperian creatures , ” and “ gregorian creatures. ” a simple autonomous [person] , say , a bacterium , is a darwinian creature .

Yuck or yum from my point of view if I am an autonomous agent .
yuck or yum from my point of view if i am an autonomous [person] .

While fully aware of Hume ’ s injunction , I think that from the autonomous agent ’ s perspective , yuck or yum is primary , unavoidable , and of the deepest importance to that agent .
while fully aware of hume ’ s injunction , i think that from the autonomous [person] ’ s perspective , yuck or yum is primary , unavoidable , and of the deepest importance to that [person] .

Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .
without attributing consciousness to an e. coli , or an autonomous [person] we may create in the near future , i can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .

Again without attributing consciousness , once an autonomous agent is around is the rudiment of intentionality present ?
again without attributing consciousness , once an autonomous [person] is around is the rudiment of intentionality present ?

Dan and I struggled that summer to make the distinction between the “ doings ” of an autonomous agent and mere happenings in and around the autonomous agent .
dan and i struggled that summer to make the distinction between the “ doings ” of an autonomous [person] and mere happenings in and around the autonomous [person] .

I will hazard again my tentative answer , baldly now , then return to it : An autonomous agent must be an autocatalytic system able to reproduce and able to perform one or more thermodynamic work cycles .
i will hazard again my tentative answer , baldly now , then return to it : an autonomous [person] must be an autocatalytic system able to reproduce and able to perform one or more thermodynamic work cycles .

Too I jump to the tentative definition , “ An autonomous agent is a system able to reproduce itself and carry out one or more thermodynamic work cycles. ” Actually , at this stage my own tentative definition is not circular because “ reproduce itself ” and “ work cycle ” are definable independently .
too i jump to the tentative definition , “ an autonomous [person] is a system able to reproduce itself and carry out one or more thermodynamic work cycles. ” actually , at this stage my own tentative definition is not circular because “ reproduce itself ” and “ work cycle ” are definable independently .

As we delve further into the concept of an autonomous agent in succeeding chapters , cyclic definitions arise concerning “ work , ” “ propagating work , ” “ constraints , ” “ propagating organization , ” “ task. ” I hope that the circle is virtuous and brings us toward a new understanding of “ organization ” itself .
as we delve further into the concept of an autonomous [person] in succeeding chapters , cyclic definitions arise concerning “ work , ” “ propagating work , ” “ constraints , ” “ propagating organization , ” “ task. ” i hope that the circle is virtuous and brings us toward a new understanding of “ organization ” itself .

Part of the oddness is the question of just what is the proper mathematical form to describe an autonomous agent .
part of the oddness is the question of just what is the proper mathematical form to describe an autonomous [person] .

An autonomous agent is a relational concept .
an autonomous [person] is a relational concept .

In a later chapter I will suggest a spare mathematical form for an agent derived from category theory .
in a later chapter i will suggest a spare mathematical form for an [person] derived from category theory .

I will return to this organization of the flow of process in a machine or an autonomous agent .
i will return to this organization of the flow of process in a machine or an autonomous [person] .

The organization of work is essential = and will be central = to thinking about what occurs in an autonomous agent .
the organization of work is essential = and will be central = to thinking about what occurs in an autonomous [person] .

A final preliminary will bring us to our attempted definition of an autonomous agent .
a final preliminary will bring us to our attempted definition of an autonomous [person] .

Further , in order for the cycle to operate at a finite rate , hence irreversibly , the autonomous agent must be an open thermodynamic system driven by outside sources of matter or energy = hence “ food ” = and the continual driving of the system by such “ food ” holds the system away from equilibrium .
further , in order for the cycle to operate at a finite rate , hence irreversibly , the autonomous [person] must be an open thermodynamic system driven by outside sources of matter or energy = hence “ food ” = and the continual driving of the system by such “ food ” holds the system away from equilibrium .

We can return to my jumped-to definition : An autonomous agent is a reproducing system that carries out at least one thermodynamic work cycle .
we can return to my jumped-to definition : an autonomous [person] is a reproducing system that carries out at least one thermodynamic work cycle .

That we have stated our proposed definition of an autonomous agent , it is not too hard to imagine a chemical realization .
that we have stated our proposed definition of an autonomous [person] , it is not too hard to imagine a chemical realization .

In Figure 3.4 I show a hypothetical molecular autonomous agent .
in figure 3.4 i show a hypothetical molecular autonomous [person] .

Figure 3.4 , our first example of a candidate molecular autonomous agent , is “ constructed ” to link with two further molecular systems , the exergonic auto-catalytic system developed by Gunter von Kiedrowski based on ligation of two DNA trimers by their complementary hexamer .
figure 3.4 , our first example of a candidate molecular autonomous [person] , is “ constructed ” to link with two further molecular systems , the exergonic auto-catalytic system developed by gunter von kiedrowski based on ligation of two dna trimers by their complementary hexamer .

Thus , the coupling to the PP to P + P reaction means that the autonomous agent stores energy internally .
thus , the coupling to the pp to p + p reaction means that the autonomous [person] stores energy internally .

In order to have a renewed internal supply of the free energy needed to synthesize excess hexamer , it is convenient to resynthesize pyrophosphate from the two monophosphates , P + P. I ’ ll return below to the meaning of “ convenient , ” for in a general sense , the convenience reflects the organization of processes that sustains an agent , and that organization is not convenient , it is essential .
in order to have a renewed internal supply of the free energy needed to synthesize excess hexamer , it is convenient to resynthesize pyrophosphate from the two monophosphates , p + p. i ’ ll return below to the meaning of “ convenient , ” for in a general sense , the convenience reflects the organization of processes that sustains an [person] , and that organization is not convenient , it is essential .

The whole molecular contraption , our first hypothetical autonomous agent , is shown in Figure 3.4 .
the whole molecular contraption , our first hypothetical autonomous [person] , is shown in figure 3.4 .

One of the first things to note about our hypothetical autonomous agent is that it constitutes a previously unstudied class of chemical reaction networks .
one of the first things to note about our hypothetical autonomous [person] is that it constitutes a previously unstudied class of chemical reaction networks .

Thus , our molecular autonomous agent constitutes a system with two essential features of living systems , self-reproduction and metabolism .
thus , our molecular autonomous [person] constitutes a system with two essential features of living systems , self-reproduction and metabolism .

However , my insistence that an autonomous agent carries out a work cycle refines the generally understood concept of a metabolism to include the requirement that the metabolism carries out a work cycle .
however , my insistence that an autonomous [person] carries out a work cycle refines the generally understood concept of a metabolism to include the requirement that the metabolism carries out a work cycle .

The second feature to note is that our autonomous agent is , necessarily , a nonequilibrium system .
the second feature to note is that our autonomous [person] is , necessarily , a nonequilibrium system .

The third feature to note is the work cycle performed by the agent .
the third feature to note is the work cycle performed by the [person] .

In our hypothetical autonomous agent , there is a macroscopic cycle of matter from PP to P + P via the reaction- forming DNA hexamer and back around to PP via the reaction with the high-energy electron .
in our hypothetical autonomous [person] , there is a macroscopic cycle of matter from pp to p + p via the reaction- forming dna hexamer and back around to pp via the reaction with the high-energy electron .

In addition , depending upon the details of the kinetic constants , our autonomous agent may literally show an oscillatory concentration cycle in which PP concentration begins high and falls as P + P is formed , then the high PP concentration is reformed by use of the photon-energized exergonic e*  e reaction .
in addition , depending upon the details of the kinetic constants , our autonomous [person] may literally show an oscillatory concentration cycle in which pp concentration begins high and falls as p + p is formed , then the high pp concentration is reformed by use of the photon-energized exergonic e*  e reaction .

Thus , the PP P + P reaction embedded in the autonomous agent constitutes a chemical engine in which there is a macroscopic net flux of matter around the PP  P + P cycle , which is operating displaced from equilibrium as it is driven by addition of energy from the photon , hv , and addition of the two DNA trimers , and as energy is drained oV to drive excess synthesis of the DNA hexamer .
thus , the pp p + p reaction embedded in the autonomous [person] constitutes a chemical engine in which there is a macroscopic net flux of matter around the pp  p + p cycle , which is operating displaced from equilibrium as it is driven by addition of energy from the photon , hv , and addition of the two dna trimers , and as energy is drained ov to drive excess synthesis of the dna hexamer .

The fourth thing to note about the autonomous agent is that , like the Carnot engine , the steam engine , the gas engine , and the electric engine , the autonomous agent works in a cycle .
the fourth thing to note about the autonomous [person] is that , like the carnot engine , the steam engine , the gas engine , and the electric engine , the autonomous [person] works in a cycle .

Next , just as the Carnot engine run backward is a refrigerator and not a pump , if the reactions of the autonomous agent were run backward the PP  P + P engine would run in the reverse direction .
next , just as the carnot engine run backward is a refrigerator and not a pump , if the reactions of the autonomous [person] were run backward the pp  p + p engine would run in the reverse direction .

In short , if the autonomous agent is run backward , the autonomous agent melts down into its foodstuV .
in short , if the autonomous [person] is run backward , the autonomous [person] melts down into its foodstuv .

Run backward , the system is not an autonomous agent , for it does not reproduce itself and perform a work cycle .
run backward , the system is not an autonomous [person] , for it does not reproduce itself and perform a work cycle .

Does the autonomous agent work ?
does the autonomous [person] work ?

The diVerential equations represent the way the concentration of each chemical species in the autonomous agent changes over time as a function of its own and other chemical concentrations .
the diverential equations represent the way the concentration of each chemical species in the autonomous [person] changes over time as a function of its own and other chemical concentrations .

The model autonomous agent system is displaced from equilibrium by the persistent addition of the two DNA trimers , 5 ’ GGG3 ’ and 5 ’ CCC3 ’ , the removal of the DNA hexamer , and the persistent shining of photons , hv , from the outside .
the model autonomous [person] system is displaced from equilibrium by the persistent addition of the two dna trimers , 5 ’ ggg3 ’ and 5 ’ ccc3 ’ , the removal of the dna hexamer , and the persistent shining of photons , hv , from the outside .

The autonomous agent system reproduces more eYciently with the couplings of the DNA trimer-hexamer system to the PP and electron cycles than in the purely exergonic case in which the DNA trimer-hexamer system operates alone .
the autonomous [person] system reproduces more eyciently with the couplings of the dna trimer-hexamer system to the pp and electron cycles than in the purely exergonic case in which the dna trimer-hexamer system operates alone .

We carried out computer selection experiments not only comparing the autonomous agent to a nude exergonic DNA trimer-hexamer system , but also computationally mutating the kinetic constants by small amounts and computationally evolving autonomous agents to reproduce with higher thermodynamic eYciency .
we carried out computer selection experiments not only comparing the autonomous [person] to a nude exergonic dna trimer-hexamer system , but also computationally mutating the kinetic constants by small amounts and computationally evolving autonomous agents to reproduce with higher thermodynamic eyciency .

Thus , the autonomous agent as a whole , including its work cycle , reproduces DNA hexamer more rapidly than would the trimer-hexamer exergonic system alone .
thus , the autonomous [person] as a whole , including its work cycle , reproduces dna hexamer more rapidly than would the trimer-hexamer exergonic system alone .

In short , and also important , being an autonomous agent coupling an autocatalytic system with a work cycle is of selective advantage compared to being a merely exergonic autocatalytic system .
in short , and also important , being an autonomous [person] coupling an autocatalytic system with a work cycle is of selective advantage compared to being a merely exergonic autocatalytic system .

Second , just as in the glycolytic positive-feedback case , our autonomous agent model , for appropriate values of the kinetic constants , can undergo sustained temporal oscillations of PP and other concentrations .
second , just as in the glycolytic positive-feedback case , our autonomous [person] model , for appropriate values of the kinetic constants , can undergo sustained temporal oscillations of pp and other concentrations .

The hypothetical molecular autonomous agent that we have considered has been discussed , for simplicity , as if the problem of retaining the reactants in a confined region of space could be ignored .
the hypothetical molecular autonomous [person] that we have considered has been discussed , for simplicity , as if the problem of retaining the reactants in a confined region of space could be ignored .

Were our autonomous agent in a dilute solution , the rates of reaction would be very slow .
were our autonomous [person] in a dilute solution , the rates of reaction would be very slow .

Actual creation of a functioning molecular autonomous agent will require that the reacting molecular species be confined to a small volume or a surface or in some other fashion .
actual creation of a functioning molecular autonomous [person] will require that the reacting molecular species be confined to a small volume or a surface or in some other fashion .

Micelles are single-layered structures which , in an aqueous medium have hydrophilic regions directed outward , but are able to enclose an aqueous core in which the other molecular species of an autonomous agent might reside .
micelles are single-layered structures which , in an aqueous medium have hydrophilic regions directed outward , but are able to enclose an aqueous core in which the other molecular species of an autonomous [person] might reside .

A full-fledged molecular autonomous agent would have to synthesize the lipid or similar molecular constituents of its bounding surface and coordinate budding with dispersion of autocatalytic and work cycle partners to daughter vesicles .
a full-fledged molecular autonomous [person] would have to synthesize the lipid or similar molecular constituents of its bounding surface and coordinate budding with dispersion of autocatalytic and work cycle partners to daughter vesicles .

In our first example of an autonomous agent , Figure 3.4 , these constraints are present in the invoked couplings of catalysts and allosteric eVectors to the reactions of which the autonomous agent is comprised .
in our first example of an autonomous [person] , figure 3.4 , these constraints are present in the invoked couplings of catalysts and allosteric evectors to the reactions of which the autonomous [person] is comprised .

I have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which constitutes the work by which agents build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”
i have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which constitutes the work by which agents build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the [person] itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”

He was right about his microcode = the microcode will reemerge as a subset of the constraints on the release of energy by which an autonomous agent builds a rough copy of itself .
he was right about his microcode = the microcode will reemerge as a subset of the constraints on the release of energy by which an autonomous [person] builds a rough copy of itself .

Schrödinger missed stating the requirement for an agent to be nonequilibrium .
schrödinger missed stating the requirement for an [person] to be nonequilibrium .

More important , I think , is that he missed the concept that an agent is a union of an autocatalytic system that does one or more work cycles .
more important , i think , is that he missed the concept that an [person] is a union of an autocatalytic system that does one or more work cycles .

That we have seen an autonomous agent , I find myself wondering whether autonomous agents may constitute a proper definition of life itself .
that we have seen an autonomous [person] , i find myself wondering whether autonomous agents may constitute a proper definition of life itself .

I suspect that the concept of an autonomous agent as an autocatalytic system carrying out one or more work cycles defines life .
i suspect that the concept of an autonomous [person] as an autocatalytic system carrying out one or more work cycles defines life .

It suYces at this stage to note that all free-living systems we know = single-cell bacteria , single-cell eukaryotic cells , and multicelled organisms = fulfill my definition of autonomous agent .
it suyces at this stage to note that all free-living systems we know = single-cell bacteria , single-cell eukaryotic cells , and multicelled organisms = fulfill my definition of autonomous [person] .

If Figure 3.4 shows us a first case of a molecular autonomous agent , how broad a family of systems does the concept of an autonomous agent embrace ?
if figure 3.4 shows us a first case of a molecular autonomous [person] , how broad a family of systems does the concept of an autonomous [person] embrace ?

Precisely because an autonomous agent links exergonic and endergonic reactions in work cycles , the breakdown of high-energy sources here can be used to build up structure and organization there .
precisely because an autonomous [person] links exergonic and endergonic reactions in work cycles , the breakdown of high-energy sources here can be used to build up structure and organization there .

The Wordsworth House on Main Street origina lly belonged to local landowner Sir James Lowther ; the poet ’ s father John Wordsworth was Lowther ’ s land agent .
the wordsworth house on main street origina lly belonged to local landowner sir james lowther ; the poet ’ s father john wordsworth was lowther ’ s land [person] .

On one side a news agent offers a wide selection of European publications , while in the middle of this pleasant promenade stands an old-fashioned , rousing monument to one of the island ’ s few native sons who was successful in making a mark on Spanish history .
on one side a news [person] offers a wide selection of european publications , while in the middle of this pleasant promenade stands an old-fashioned , rousing monument to one of the island ’ s few native sons who was successful in making a mark on spanish history .

The necessary arrangements for this can easily be seen to on the spot , but a more ambitious six- or seven-day trek needs some notice , so it would be best to book with your travel agent and settle the details before you leave home .
the necessary arrangements for this can easily be seen to on the spot , but a more ambitious six- or seven-day trek needs some notice , so it would be best to book with your travel [person] and settle the details before you leave home .

Most organized tours generally include a night at a gazino as part of the package ; otherwise you can book a table through your hotel or through a travel agent .
most organized tours generally include a night at a gazino as part of the package ; otherwise you can book a table through your hotel or through a travel [person] .

The house became a hotel , the Globe , in the mid-19th century but attracted notoriety again in the early 1860s when it became the office of a Confederate agent during the US Civil War .
the house became a hotel , the globe , in the mid-19th century but attracted notoriety again in the early 1860s when it became the office of a confederate [person] during the us civil war .

Equestrian holidays are increasingly popular in Poland ; ask your travel agent about Orbis horseback-riding vacations .
equestrian holidays are increasingly popular in poland ; ask your travel [person] about orbis horseback-riding vacations .

Tour operators offer any number of excursions , some more esoteric than others , with brochures and booking facilities available through your hotel or a local travel agent .
tour operators offer any number of excursions , some more esoteric than others , with brochures and booking facilities available through your hotel or a local travel [person] .

The third of seven kids of an FBI agent and a full-time homemaker , he was educated at Catholic Central High School and Central Michigan University and had a promising career , with a law degree from the University of North Carolina .
the third of seven kids of an fbi [person] and a full-time homemaker , he was educated at catholic central high school and central michigan university and had a promising career , with a law degree from the university of north carolina .

Though LSNJ recommended keeping the Passaic service area separate , Passaic Legal contends that LSNJ is acting as LSC 's agent in defunding the Passaic unit .
though lsnj recommended keeping the passaic service area separate , passaic legal contends that lsnj is acting as lsc 's [person] in defunding the passaic unit .

Fines from judicial proceedings are collected by the entity acting as an agent for the Government as a whole rather than on its own behalf .
fines from judicial proceedings are collected by the entity acting as an [person] for the government as a whole rather than on its own behalf .

MMS collects rents , royalties , and bonuses acting as an agent on behalf of the recipients designated by law : the General Fund , certain entities within the Government to which amounts are earmarked , the states , and Indian tribes and allottees .
mms collects rents , royalties , and bonuses acting as an [person] on behalf of the recipients designated by law : the general fund , certain entities within the government to which amounts are earmarked , the states , and indian tribes and allottees .

The FCC should therefore account for this exchange revenue as a custodial activity , acting as an agent on behalf of the General Fund ; and it should be included as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
the fcc should therefore account for this exchange revenue as a custodial activity , acting as an [person] on behalf of the general fund ; and it should be included as exchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements .

Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations. -- Receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations are custodial ( or non-entity ) assets , held by the IRS or another entity as an agent for the Government as a whole rather than on its own behalf ( e.g. , IRS tax receivables on which the delinquent taxpayer must pay interest ) .
interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations. -- receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations are custodial ( or non-entity ) assets , held by the irs or another entity as an [person] for the government as a whole rather than on its own behalf ( e.g. , irs tax receivables on which the delinquent taxpayer must pay interest ) .

Deposit fund transactions. -- Deposit funds are accounts outside the budget that record amounts that the Government ( a ) holds temporarily until ownership is determined or ( b ) holds as an agent for others .
deposit fund transactions. -- deposit funds are accounts outside the budget that record amounts that the government ( a ) holds temporarily until ownership is determined or ( b ) holds as an [person] for others .

The Secret Service has also assigned eight agents who have received specialized training in all areas of electronic crimes through its Electronic Crimes Special Agent Program .
the secret service has also assigned eight agents who have received specialized training in all areas of electronic crimes through its electronic crimes special [person] program .

We were able to report how long it took to get the phone answered , how long it took to get information , the consistency of information , and general helpfulness of the responding agent .
we were able to report how long it took to get the phone answered , how long it took to get information , the consistency of information , and general helpfulness of the responding [person] .

In the first instance , IRS would have no record of time before the person could get through to an agent and of `` discouraged callers . ''
in the first instance , irs would have no record of time before the person could get through to an [person] and of `` discouraged callers . ''

By way of improvement , senior executives adopted a new IT strategic direction and focus that tracked back to the company « s business priorities¬ ƒcommon , lean and fast , global , and growth.≈ Senior management then hired a CIO as a change agent , reporting to the Vice Chairman and the company « s senior decision making council , and gave him responsibility for transforming the IT function , thereby making him an enabler of the function and an integral part of the business strategy .
by way of improvement , senior executives adopted a new it strategic direction and focus that tracked back to the company « s business priorities¬ ƒcommon , lean and fast , global , and growth.≈ senior management then hired a cio as a change [person] , reporting to the vice chairman and the company « s senior decision making council , and gave him responsibility for transforming the it function , thereby making him an enabler of the function and an integral part of the business strategy .

Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a cio who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change [person] , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .

The state planning initiative required LSC to become something different , transforming itself into an agent of change and an equity partner capable of effecting large-scale reformation in a moribund delivery system .
the state planning initiative required lsc to become something different , transforming itself into an [person] of change and an equity partner capable of effecting large-scale reformation in a moribund delivery system .

H-2A aliens ' fear of retaliation stems from observing punitive measures taken against fellow workers or from being told by the employer or the employer 's agent not to talk to legal services .
h-2a aliens ' fear of retaliation stems from observing punitive measures taken against fellow workers or from being told by the employer or the employer 's [person] not to talk to legal services .

Bayoumi obliged by not only locating an apartment but also helping them fill out the lease application , co-signing the lease and , when the real estate agent refused to take cash for a deposit , helping them open a bank account ( which they did with a $ 9,900 deposit ) ; he then provided a certified check from his own account for which the al Qaeda operatives reimbursed him on the spot for the deposit .
bayoumi obliged by not only locating an apartment but also helping them fill out the lease application , co-signing the lease and , when the real estate [person] refused to take cash for a deposit , helping them open a bank account ( which they did with a $ 9,900 deposit ) ; he then provided a certified check from his own account for which the al qaeda operatives reimbursed him on the spot for the deposit .

At approximately 9:30 , a senior OEM official ordered the evacuation of the facility , after a Secret Service agent in 7 WTC advised him that additional commercial planes were not accounted for .
at approximately 9:30 , a senior oem official ordered the evacuation of the facility , after a secret service [person] in 7 wtc advised him that additional commercial planes were not accounted for .

The special agent in charge of the Miami Field Office told us he did not learn of the high level of threat until after September 11 .
the special [person] in charge of the miami field office told us he did not learn of the high level of threat until after september 11 .

See Washington Field Office agent interview ( Apr .
see washington field office [person] interview ( apr .

For the recollection of the FBI agent , see Al S. interviews ( Aug. 26 , 2003 ; Sept. 15 , 2003 ) .
for the recollection of the fbi [person] , see al s. interviews ( aug. 26 , 2003 ; sept. 15 , 2003 ) .

The FBI agent informed us that he was unaware how such internal CIA communications worked , or that the operational cables even existed , and so did not know to ask for them .
the fbi [person] informed us that he was unaware how such internal cia communications worked , or that the operational cables even existed , and so did not know to ask for them .

In this case , application of the routine procedure did not serve that purpose because the FBI agent was aware of the source 's identity as well as the methods used to obtain the information .
in this case , application of the routine procedure did not serve that purpose because the fbi [person] was aware of the source 's identity as well as the methods used to obtain the information .

Moreover , the FBI agent also may have been absent from the room when the identification was made .
moreover , the fbi [person] also may have been absent from the room when the identification was made .

The source had brought a sheaf of documents with him that the FBI agent left the room to copy while the interview of the witness continued .
the source had brought a sheaf of documents with him that the fbi [person] left the room to copy while the interview of the witness continued .

Because of the circumstances of the interview site , the agent would have been absent for a significant period of time .
because of the circumstances of the interview site , the [person] would have been absent for a significant period of time .

Jane '' also apparently did not realize that one of the agents in attendance was a designated intelligence agent , so she could have shared all of the information with that agent regardless of the caveats .
jane '' also apparently did not realize that one of the agents in attendance was a designated intelligence [person] , so she could have shared all of the information with that [person] regardless of the caveats .

Moreover , once information was properly shared , the criminal agent could use it for further investigation .
moreover , once information was properly shared , the criminal [person] could use it for further investigation .

Jane '' says she only asked whether there was sufficient probable cause to open the matter as a criminal case and whether the criminal agent could attend any interview if Mihdhar was found .
jane '' says she only asked whether there was sufficient probable cause to open the matter as a criminal case and whether the criminal [person] could attend any interview if mihdhar was found .

The NSLU attorney denies advising that the agent could not participate in an interview and notes that she would not have given such inaccurate advice .
the nslu attorney denies advising that the [person] could not participate in an interview and notes that she would not have given such inaccurate advice .

Jane '' did not copy the attorney on her email to the agent , so the attorney did not have an opportunity to confirm or reject the advice `` Jane '' was giving to the agent .
jane '' did not copy the attorney on her email to the [person] , so the attorney did not have an opportunity to confirm or reject the advice `` jane '' was giving to the [person] .

While the agent expressed his frustration with the situation to `` Jane , '' he made no effort to press the matter further by discussing his concerns with either his supervisor or the chief division counsel in New York .
while the [person] expressed his frustration with the situation to `` jane , '' he made no effort to press the matter further by discussing his concerns with either his supervisor or the chief division counsel in new york .

Whatever the merits of the March 1995 Gorelick memorandum and the subsequent July 1995 Attorney General procedures on information sharing , they did not apply to the information the analyst decided she could not share with the criminal agent .
whatever the merits of the march 1995 gorelick memorandum and the subsequent july 1995 attorney general procedures on information sharing , they did not apply to the information the analyst decided she could not share with the criminal [person] .

As the FBI agent observed in his email , Part A of the 1995 procedures applied only to information obtained pursuant to a FISA warrant .
as the fbi [person] observed in his email , part a of the 1995 procedures applied only to information obtained pursuant to a fisa warrant .

The FISA Court 's concern with FBI sloppiness in its FISA applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the FBI was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory FBI agent from appearing before it .
the fisa court 's concern with fbi sloppiness in its fisa applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the fbi was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory fbi [person] from appearing before it .

Simply put , there was no legal reason why the information the analyst possessed could not have been shared with the criminal agent .
simply put , there was no legal reason why the information the analyst possessed could not have been shared with the criminal [person] .

Thus , '' Jane '' had permission to share the information with the criminal agent prior to their August 29 emails .
thus , '' jane '' had permission to share the information with the criminal [person] prior to their august 29 emails .

Another agent , however , said that he spoke to an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Minneapolis office and received advice that the facts were almost sufficient to obtain a criminal warrant .
another [person] , however , said that he spoke to an assistant u.s. attorney in the minneapolis office and received advice that the facts were almost sufficient to obtain a criminal warrant .

Minneapolis may have been more concerned about Moussaoui 's intentions because the case agent and the supervisory agent were both pilots .
minneapolis may have been more concerned about moussaoui 's intentions because the case [person] and the supervisory [person] were both pilots .

Screening of this flight was directed by an FBI agent in the Baltimore Field Office who was also a pilot .
screening of this flight was directed by an fbi [person] in the baltimore field office who was also a pilot .

This agent , coordinating with FBI headquarters , sent an electronic communication to each of the field offices through which the Bin Ladin flight was scheduled to pass , including the proposed flight manifest and directing what screening should occur .
this [person] , coordinating with fbi headquarters , sent an electronic communication to each of the field offices through which the bin ladin flight was scheduled to pass , including the proposed flight manifest and directing what screening should occur .

On the effectiveness of JTTFs , see Washington Field Office agent interview ( Aug.4 , 2003 ) ; Phoenix JTTF member interview ( Oct. 20 , 2003 ) ; Phoenix Field Office agent interview ( Oct. 21 , 2003 ) ; Art C. interview ( Dec. 4 , 2003 ) .
on the effectiveness of jttfs , see washington field office [person] interview ( aug.4 , 2003 ) ; phoenix jttf member interview ( oct. 20 , 2003 ) ; phoenix field office [person] interview ( oct. 21 , 2003 ) ; art c. interview ( dec. 4 , 2003 ) .

Material from the Nairobi cell was introduced into evidence during the testimony of FBI Special Agent Daniel Coleman , United States v. Usama Bin Laden , No .
material from the nairobi cell was introduced into evidence during the testimony of fbi special [person] daniel coleman , united states v. usama bin laden , no .

An FBI agent at the scene described the relatively low number of fatalities as a miracle .
an fbi [person] at the scene described the relatively low number of fatalities as a miracle .

Prior to 9/11 , the special agent in charge was in general free to set his or her office 's priorities and assign personnel accordingly .
prior to 9/11 , the special [person] in charge was in general free to set his or her office 's priorities and assign personnel accordingly .

Congress , with the support of the Clinton administration , doubled the number of Border Patrol agents required along the border with Mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .
congress , with the support of the clinton administration , doubled the number of border patrol agents required along the border with mexico to one [person] every quarter mile by 1999 .

The border with Canada had one agent for every 13.25 miles .
the border with canada had one [person] for every 13.25 miles .

With budgets for the CIA shrinking after the end of the Cold War , it was not surprising that , with some notable exceptions , new hires in the Clandestine Service tended to have qualifications similar to those of serving officers : that is , they were suited for traditional agent recruitment or for exploiting liaison relationships with foreign services but were not equipped to seek or use assets inside the terrorist network .
with budgets for the cia shrinking after the end of the cold war , it was not surprising that , with some notable exceptions , new hires in the clandestine service tended to have qualifications similar to those of serving officers : that is , they were suited for traditional [person] recruitment or for exploiting liaison relationships with foreign services but were not equipped to seek or use assets inside the terrorist network .

The FBI agent obtained from a foreign government a photo of the person believed to have directed the Cole bombing .
the fbi [person] obtained from a foreign government a photo of the person believed to have directed the cole bombing .

The information was from a joint FBI/CIA source who spoke essentially no English and whose languages were not understood by the FBI agent on the scene overseas .
the information was from a joint fbi/cia source who spoke essentially no english and whose languages were not understood by the fbi [person] on the scene overseas .

For interviews without simultaneous translation , the FBI agent on the scene received copies of the reports that the CIA disseminated to other agencies regarding the interviews .
for interviews without simultaneous translation , the fbi [person] on the scene received copies of the reports that the cia disseminated to other agencies regarding the interviews .

Desk officers at the CIA 's Bin Ladin unit did not have `` cases '' in the same sense as an FBI agent who works an investigation from beginning to end .
desk officers at the cia 's bin ladin unit did not have `` cases '' in the same sense as an fbi [person] who works an investigation from beginning to end .

She called an agent in New York to give him a `` headsup '' on the matter , but her draft lead was not sent until August 28 .
she called an [person] in new york to give him a `` headsup '' on the matter , but her draft lead was not sent until august 28 .

Her email told the New York agent that she wanted him to get started as soon as possible , but she labeled the lead as `` Routine '' -a designation that informs the receiving office that it has 30 days to respond .
her email told the new york [person] that she wanted him to get started as soon as possible , but she labeled the lead as `` routine '' -a designation that informs the receiving office that it has 30 days to respond .

The agent who received the lead forwarded it to his squad supervisor .
the [person] who received the lead forwarded it to his squad supervisor .

That same day , the supervisor forwarded the lead to an intelligence agent to open an intelligence case-an agent who thus was behind `` the wall '' keeping FBI intelligence information from being shared with criminal prosecutors .
that same day , the supervisor forwarded the lead to an intelligence [person] to open an intelligence case-an [person] who thus was behind `` the wall '' keeping fbi intelligence information from being shared with criminal prosecutors .

He also sent it to the Cole case agents and an agent who had spent significant time in Malaysia searching for another Khalid : Khalid Sheikh Mohammad .
he also sent it to the cole case agents and an [person] who had spent significant time in malaysia searching for another khalid : khalid sheikh mohammad .

Jane '' argued , however , that because the agent was designated a `` criminal '' FBI agent , not an intelligence FBI agent , the wall kept him from participating in any search for Mihdhar .
jane '' argued , however , that because the [person] was designated a `` criminal '' fbi [person] , not an intelligence fbi [person] , the wall kept him from participating in any search for mihdhar .

The agent asked `` Jane '' to get an opinion from the FBI 's National Security Law Unit ( NSLU ) on whether he could open a criminal case on Mihdhar .
the [person] asked `` jane '' to get an opinion from the fbi 's national security law unit ( nslu ) on whether he could open a criminal case on mihdhar .

No new criminal case was needed for the criminal agent to begin searching for Mihdhar .
no new criminal case was needed for the criminal [person] to begin searching for mihdhar .

As NSA had approved the passage of its information to the criminal agent , he could have conducted a search using all available information .
as nsa had approved the passage of its information to the criminal [person] , he could have conducted a search using all available information .

The search was assigned to one FBI agent , and it was his very first counterterrorism lead .
the search was assigned to one fbi [person] , and it was his very first counterterrorism lead .

Finally , on September 11 , the agent sent a lead to Los Angeles , because Mihdhar had initially arrived in Los Angeles in January 2000 .
finally , on september 11 , the [person] sent a lead to los angeles , because mihdhar had initially arrived in los angeles in january 2000 .

In July 2001 , an FBI agent in the Phoenix field office sent a memo to FBI headquarters and to two agents on international terrorism squads in the New York Field Office , advising of the `` possibility of a coordinated effort by Usama Bin Ladin '' to send students to the United States to attend civil aviation schools .
in july 2001 , an fbi [person] in the phoenix field office sent a memo to fbi headquarters and to two agents on international terrorism squads in the new york field office , advising of the `` possibility of a coordinated effort by usama bin ladin '' to send students to the united states to attend civil aviation schools .

The agent based his theory on the `` inordinate number of individuals of investigative interest '' attending such schools in Arizona .
the [person] based his theory on the `` inordinate number of individuals of investigative interest '' attending such schools in arizona .

The agent made four recommendations to FBI headquarters : to compile a list of civil aviation schools , establish liaison with those schools , discuss his theories about Bin Ladin with the intelligence community , and seek authority to obtain visa information on persons applying to flight schools .
the [person] made four recommendations to fbi headquarters : to compile a list of civil aviation schools , establish liaison with those schools , discuss his theories about bin ladin with the intelligence community , and seek authority to obtain visa information on persons applying to flight schools .

The agent in Minneapolis quickly learned that Moussaoui possessed jihadist beliefs .
the [person] in minneapolis quickly learned that moussaoui possessed jihadist beliefs .

The agent also noted that Moussaoui became extremely agitated whenever he was questioned regarding his religious beliefs .
the [person] also noted that moussaoui became extremely agitated whenever he was questioned regarding his religious beliefs .

The agent concluded that Moussaoui was `` an Islamic extremist preparing for some future act in furtherance of radical fundamentalist goals . ''
the [person] concluded that moussaoui was `` an islamic extremist preparing for some future act in furtherance of radical fundamentalist goals . ''

The FBI agent who handled the case in conjunction with the INS representative on the Minneapolis Joint Terrorism Task Force suspected that Moussaoui might be planning to hijack a plane .
the fbi [person] who handled the case in conjunction with the ins representative on the minneapolis joint terrorism task force suspected that moussaoui might be planning to hijack a plane .

Because it was not clear whether Moussaoui could be imprisoned , the FBI case agent decided the most important thing was to prevent Moussaoui from obtaining any further training that he could use to carry out a potential attack .
because it was not clear whether moussaoui could be imprisoned , the fbi case [person] decided the most important thing was to prevent moussaoui from obtaining any further training that he could use to carry out a potential attack .

To do so , however , the FBI needed to demonstrate probable cause that Moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to obtain a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a FISA warrant .
to do so , however , the fbi needed to demonstrate probable cause that moussaoui was an [person] of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to obtain a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a fisa warrant .

The case agent did not have sufficient information to connect Moussaoui to a `` foreign power , '' so he reached out for help , in the United States and overseas .
the case [person] did not have sufficient information to connect moussaoui to a `` foreign power , '' so he reached out for help , in the united states and overseas .

The FBI agent 's August 18 message requested assistance from the FBI legal attach� in Paris .
the fbi [person] 's august 18 message requested assistance from the fbi legal attach� in paris .

Moussaoui had lived in London , so the Minneapolis agent sought assistance from the legal attach� there as well .
moussaoui had lived in london , so the minneapolis [person] sought assistance from the legal attach� there as well .

By August 24 , the Minneapolis agent had also contacted an FBI detailee and a CIA desk officer at the Counterterrorist Center about the case .
by august 24 , the minneapolis [person] had also contacted an fbi detailee and a cia desk officer at the counterterrorist center about the case .

The FBI legal attach� 's office in Paris first contacted the French government on August 16 or 17 , shortly after speaking to the Minneapolis case agent on the telephone .
the fbi legal attach� 's office in paris first contacted the french government on august 16 or 17 , shortly after speaking to the minneapolis case [person] on the telephone .

It did not report the case agent 's personal assessment that Moussaoui planned to hijack an airplane .
it did not report the case [person] 's personal assessment that moussaoui planned to hijack an airplane .

Although the Minneapolis agents wanted to tell the FAA from the beginning about Moussaoui , FBI headquarters instructed Minneapolis that it could not share the more complete report the case agent had prepared for the FAA .
although the minneapolis agents wanted to tell the faa from the beginning about moussaoui , fbi headquarters instructed minneapolis that it could not share the more complete report the case [person] had prepared for the faa .

The Minneapolis supervisor sent the case agent in person to the local FAA office to fill in what he thought were gaps in the FBI headquarters teletype .
the minneapolis supervisor sent the case [person] in person to the local faa office to fill in what he thought were gaps in the fbi headquarters teletype .

In one conversation between a Minneapolis supervisor and a headquarters agent , the latter complained that Minneapolis 's FISA request was couched in a manner intended to get people `` spun up . ''
in one conversation between a minneapolis supervisor and a headquarters [person] , the latter complained that minneapolis 's fisa request was couched in a manner intended to get people `` spun up . ''

The headquarters agent replied that this was not going to happen and that they did not know if Moussaoui was a terrorist .
the headquarters [person] replied that this was not going to happen and that they did not know if moussaoui was a terrorist .

Although the acting special agent in charge of Minneapolis called the ITOS supervisors to discuss the Moussaoui case on August 27 , he declined to go up the chain of command at FBI headquarters and call Rolince .
although the acting special [person] in charge of minneapolis called the itos supervisors to discuss the moussaoui case on august 27 , he declined to go up the chain of command at fbi headquarters and call rolince .

Staff scrambled to prepare another room for the President 's remarks , while the lead Secret Service agent reviewed the security situation with superiors in Washington .
staff scrambled to prepare another room for the president 's remarks , while the lead secret service [person] reviewed the security situation with superiors in washington .

Wolfowitz contended that the odds were `` far more '' than 1 in 10 , citing Saddam 's praise for the attack , his long record of involvement in terrorism , and theories that Ramzi Yousef was an Iraqi agent and Iraq was behind the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center .
wolfowitz contended that the odds were `` far more '' than 1 in 10 , citing saddam 's praise for the attack , his long record of involvement in terrorism , and theories that ramzi yousef was an iraqi [person] and iraq was behind the 1993 attack on the world trade center .

The INS agent on duty ran the passport through a variety of databases but , since it was not in Ressam 's name , he did not pick up the pending Canadian arrest warrants .
the ins [person] on duty ran the passport through a variety of databases but , since it was not in ressam 's name , he did not pick up the pending canadian arrest warrants .

When asked for additional identification , Ressam handed the Customs agent a Price Costco membership card in the same false name as his passport .
when asked for additional identification , ressam handed the customs [person] a price costco membership card in the same false name as his passport .

As that agent began an initial pat-down , Ressam panicked and tried to run away .
as that [person] began an initial pat-down , ressam panicked and tried to run away .

An FBI special agent recognized the name Khallad and connected this news with information from an important al Qaeda source who had been meeting regularly with CIA and FBI officers .
an fbi special [person] recognized the name khallad and connected this news with information from an important al qaeda source who had been meeting regularly with cia and fbi officers .

To confirm the identification , the FBI agent asked the Yemenis for their photo of Khallad .
to confirm the identification , the fbi [person] asked the yemenis for their photo of khallad .

To highlight the danger of terrorists obtaining chemical , biological , radiological , or nuclear weapons , Bonk brought along a mock-up suitcase to evoke the way the Aum Shinrikyo doomsday cult had spread deadly sarin nerve agent on the Tokyo subway in 1995 .
to highlight the danger of terrorists obtaining chemical , biological , radiological , or nuclear weapons , bonk brought along a mock-up suitcase to evoke the way the aum shinrikyo doomsday cult had spread deadly sarin nerve [person] on the tokyo subway in 1995 .

Soon after , an alert Customs agent caught Ahmed Ressam bringing explosives across the Canadian border with the apparent intention of blowing up Los Angeles airport .
soon after , an alert customs [person] caught ahmed ressam bringing explosives across the canadian border with the apparent intention of blowing up los angeles airport .

An FBI agent detailed to the Bin Ladin unit at CIA attempted to share this information with colleagues at FBI headquarters .
an fbi [person] detailed to the bin ladin unit at cia attempted to share this information with colleagues at fbi headquarters .

For the FBI agent 's role , see Al S. interviews ( Aug. 26 , 2003 ; Sept. 15 , 2003 ) .
for the fbi [person] 's role , see al s. interviews ( aug. 26 , 2003 ; sept. 15 , 2003 ) .

In March 2001 , Judge Royce Lamberth , chief judge of the FISA Court , chastised the FBI , sending a letter to Ashcroft announcing he was banning an offending supervisory agent from appearing before the court .
in march 2001 , judge royce lamberth , chief judge of the fisa court , chastised the fbi , sending a letter to ashcroft announcing he was banning an offending supervisory [person] from appearing before the court .

The administrator also suspected that Mihdhar might have been an intelligence agent of the Saudi government .
the administrator also suspected that mihdhar might have been an intelligence [person] of the saudi government .

The FBI investigated Aulaqi in 1999 and 2000 after learning that he may have been contacted by a possible procurement agent for Bin Ladin .
the fbi investigated aulaqi in 1999 and 2000 after learning that he may have been contacted by a possible procurement [person] for bin ladin .

Al Qaeda figures at the university or in Tucson included Mubarak al Duri , reportedly Bin Ladin 's principal procurement agent for weapons of mass destruction ; Muhammad Bayazid , an al Qaeda arms procurer and trainer ; Wadi al Hage , an operative convicted for the East Africa bombings ; and Wail Julaidan , a Saudi extremist with ties to al Qaeda .
al qaeda figures at the university or in tucson included mubarak al duri , reportedly bin ladin 's principal procurement [person] for weapons of mass destruction ; muhammad bayazid , an al qaeda arms procurer and trainer ; wadi al hage , an operative convicted for the east africa bombings ; and wail julaidan , a saudi extremist with ties to al qaeda .

Despite security problems at Logan ( see , e.g. , two local Fox 25 television investigative reports in February and April 2001 , and an email in August 2001 from a former FAA special agent to the agency 's leadership regarding his concerns about lax security at the airport ) , no evidence suggests that such issues entered into the terrorists ' targeting : they simply booked heavily fueled east-to-west transcontinental flights of the large Boeing aircraft they trained to fly that were scheduled to take off at nearly the same time .
despite security problems at logan ( see , e.g. , two local fox 25 television investigative reports in february and april 2001 , and an email in august 2001 from a former faa special [person] to the agency 's leadership regarding his concerns about lax security at the airport ) , no evidence suggests that such issues entered into the terrorists ' targeting : they simply booked heavily fueled east-to-west transcontinental flights of the large boeing aircraft they trained to fly that were scheduled to take off at nearly the same time .

Shortly after the second attack in New York , a senior Secret Service agent charged with coordinating the President 's movements established an open line with his counterpart at the FAA , who soon told him that there were more planes unaccounted for-possibly hijacked- in addition to the two that had already crashed .
shortly after the second attack in new york , a senior secret service [person] charged with coordinating the president 's movements established an open line with his counterpart at the faa , who soon told him that there were more planes unaccounted for-possibly hijacked- in addition to the two that had already crashed .

Though the senior agent told someone to convey this information to the Secret Service 's operations center , it either was not passed on or was passed on but not disseminated ; it failed to reach agents assigned to the Vice President , and the Vice President was not evacuated at that time .
though the senior [person] told someone to convey this information to the secret service 's operations center , it either was not passed on or was passed on but not disseminated ; it failed to reach agents assigned to the vice president , and the vice president was not evacuated at that time .

On the Secret Service agent relaying instructions , see USSS memo , Beauchamp to ADInspection , September 11 experience , Feb. 23 , 2004 .
on the secret service [person] relaying instructions , see usss memo , beauchamp to adinspection , september 11 experience , feb. 23 , 2004 .

A couple of Shehhi 's colleagues were obviously unused to travel ; according to the United ticket agent , they had trouble understanding the standard security questions , and she had to go over them slowly until they gave the routine , reassuring answers .
a couple of shehhi 's colleagues were obviously unused to travel ; according to the united ticket [person] , they had trouble understanding the standard security questions , and she had to go over them slowly until they gave the routine , reassuring answers .

He did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand English , and because the agent found both of the passengers to be suspicious .
he did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand english , and because the [person] found both of the passengers to be suspicious .

About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
about this time , card , the lead secret service [person] , the president 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for air force one .

The Secret Service agent felt strongly that the situation in Washington was too unstable for the President to return there , and Card agreed .
the secret service [person] felt strongly that the situation in washington was too unstable for the president to return there , and card agreed .

A Secret Service agent had a phone in each ear , one connected to Wherley and the other to a fellow agent at the White House , relaying instructions that the White House agent said he was getting from the Vice President .
a secret service [person] had a phone in each ear , one connected to wherley and the other to a fellow [person] at the white house , relaying instructions that the white house [person] said he was getting from the vice president .

Laboratory investigation of the citywide increase in diarrheal activity indicated the rotavirus as the most likely causative agent .
laboratory investigation of the citywide increase in diarrheal activity indicated the rotavirus as the most likely causative [person] .

Laboratory investigation of several of these outbreaks revealed the norovirus as the most likely causative agent .
laboratory investigation of several of these outbreaks revealed the norovirus as the most likely causative [person] .

There are , however , certain aromatic polyketides , including the anticancer drug doxorubicin , an antiparasitic agent called frenolicin , and the estrogen receptor agonist R1128 , that have different starters .
there are , however , certain aromatic polyketides , including the anticancer drug doxorubicin , an antiparasitic [person] called frenolicin , and the estrogen receptor agonist r1128 , that have different starters .

The UK deal was with JISC , the Joint Information Systems Committee of the UK Higher Education Funding Councils , acting more as a negotiating agent than a consortium , and this model could have been applied in other countries .
the uk deal was with jisc , the joint information systems committee of the uk higher education funding councils , acting more as a negotiating [person] than a consortium , and this model could have been applied in other countries .

Dani points out that the body 's own agent , acetylcholine , acts over milliseconds to activate nicotinic receptors , whereas nicotine itself stimulates these receptors for hours .
dani points out that the body 's own [person] , acetylcholine , acts over milliseconds to activate nicotinic receptors , whereas nicotine itself stimulates these receptors for hours .

Resistance to Small-Molecule Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors As might have been anticipated in treatment of cancer with any single agent , resistance to small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors has emerged as a significant clinical problem .
resistance to small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors as might have been anticipated in treatment of cancer with any single [person] , resistance to small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors has emerged as a significant clinical problem .

The prion is the protein-like agent that causes transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( TSEs ) .
the prion is the protein-like [person] that causes transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( tses ) .

Miller and colleagues recently developed and validated the first such assay , based on a biopsy of lymphoid tissue , where the infectious agent is known to incubate .
miller and colleagues recently developed and validated the first such assay , based on a biopsy of lymphoid tissue , where the infectious [person] is known to incubate .

Work with lab animals suggests that the infectious agent might be produced in salivary glands and , if so , it could be transmitted through social interactions .
work with lab animals suggests that the infectious [person] might be produced in salivary glands and , if so , it could be transmitted through social interactions .

While cattle can contract CWD if inoculated with the infectious agent , long-term studies placing cattle in close proximity to diseased cervids have resulted in no cases of natural transmission .
while cattle can contract cwd if inoculated with the infectious [person] , long-term studies placing cattle in close proximity to diseased cervids have resulted in no cases of natural transmission .

This raises the possibility that any potential benefits for cardiovascular health would be undermined by the adverse effects on blood lipids , and make betaine less suitable as a homocysteine-lowering agent in healthy individuals .
this raises the possibility that any potential benefits for cardiovascular health would be undermined by the adverse effects on blood lipids , and make betaine less suitable as a homocysteine-lowering [person] in healthy individuals .

We advocate that such immunomodulatory approaches be tested first in controlled models where the results can be appropriately attributed to the agent itself .
we advocate that such immunomodulatory approaches be tested first in controlled models where the results can be appropriately attributed to the [person] itself .

The infectious agent in these diseases is an abnormal conformation of the PrP protein ( PrP Sc ) , which makes it protease-resistant and initiates its aggregation ( Prusiner 1998 ) .
the infectious [person] in these diseases is an abnormal conformation of the prp protein ( prp sc ) , which makes it protease-resistant and initiates its aggregation ( prusiner 1998 ) .

Upregulation of CCR5 and CXCR3 on T cells and accumulation of these cells in the lung periphery suggest that aberrant , unremitting pulmonary recruitment of these activated T cells is unique to people with smoking-related lung disease , despite cessation of exposure to the inciting agent , tobacco smoke .
upregulation of ccr5 and cxcr3 on t cells and accumulation of these cells in the lung periphery suggest that aberrant , unremitting pulmonary recruitment of these activated t cells is unique to people with smoking-related lung disease , despite cessation of exposure to the inciting [person] , tobacco smoke .

The patient is also started on low-dose aspirin , indicated for primary prevention of macrovascular disease in people with diabetes who have any risk factors for CVD [ 4 ] , and a cholesterol-lowering agent , a statin , for his increased LDL cholesterol [ 6 ] .
the patient is also started on low-dose aspirin , indicated for primary prevention of macrovascular disease in people with diabetes who have any risk factors for cvd [ 4 ] , and a cholesterol-lowering [person] , a statin , for his increased ldl cholesterol [ 6 ] .

The patient could begin a third oral agent after maximizing the doses of metformin and TZD , or he could begin insulin injections with or without additional oral agents .
the patient could begin a third oral [person] after maximizing the doses of metformin and tzd , or he could begin insulin injections with or without additional oral agents .

The PLoS Medicine editors state in hopeful language that the Lassa fever vaccine was successful in four monkeys , and , thus , is a suitable agent for human study [ 2 ] .
the plos medicine editors state in hopeful language that the lassa fever vaccine was successful in four monkeys , and , thus , is a suitable [person] for human study [ 2 ] .

Some outbreaks , for example , those caused by exposure to an infectious agent in the subway , will be hard to cluster by place of residence or choice of emergency department .
some outbreaks , for example , those caused by exposure to an infectious [person] in the subway , will be hard to cluster by place of residence or choice of emergency department .

Examples include the use of DNA microarrays and sequencing to identify the causative agent for SARS ( Wang et al .
examples include the use of dna microarrays and sequencing to identify the causative [person] for sars ( wang et al .

Understanding the mechanisms by which tumors become resistant to a particular agent is key to identifying new drugs or combination regimens .
understanding the mechanisms by which tumors become resistant to a particular [person] is key to identifying new drugs or combination regimens .

HEXIM1 was identified as the inducible gene following the exposure of vascular smooth muscle cells to a potent differentiating agent , HMBA [ 26 ] .
hexim1 was identified as the inducible gene following the exposure of vascular smooth muscle cells to a potent differentiating [person] , hmba [ 26 ] .

Specifically , an analog of the antifungal pentamidine has been optimized as a trypanocidal agent and is in clinical trials in Africa .
specifically , an analog of the antifungal pentamidine has been optimized as a trypanocidal [person] and is in clinical trials in africa .

The discovery that a natural antiviral agent , APOBEC3G , probably works in much the same way should provide even more encouragement .
the discovery that a natural antiviral [person] , apobec3g , probably works in much the same way should provide even more encouragement .

However , the failure to inquire or report an important agent such as a statin may be a clinical oversight in itself and contribute to therapeutic gaps .
however , the failure to inquire or report an important [person] such as a statin may be a clinical oversight in itself and contribute to therapeutic gaps .

It is important to note that the use of zidovudine to prevent perinatal HIV infection is a biomedical intervention aiming to protect from infection , whereas zidovudine is most commonly used as a therapeutic agent after infection .
it is important to note that the use of zidovudine to prevent perinatal hiv infection is a biomedical intervention aiming to protect from infection , whereas zidovudine is most commonly used as a therapeutic [person] after infection .

In this case , however , since you are an agent of international petroleum prospectors , you do not deserve much gentleness in this our desert land . ''
in this case , however , since you are an [person] of international petroleum prospectors , you do not deserve much gentleness in this our desert land . ''

It seems that a protein alone is the infectious agent .
it seems that a protein alone is the infectious [person] .

The infectious agent has been called a prion .
the infectious [person] has been called a prion .

Allison Janney plays Nina 's stepsister , whose husband ( Alan Alda ) is described , glibly , as the `` most powerful literary agent in the world . ''
allison janney plays nina 's stepsister , whose husband ( alan alda ) is described , glibly , as the `` most powerful literary [person] in the world . ''

Compare her turn as a government agent in Rush ( 1991 ) to Jodie Foster 's the same year in The Silence of the Lambs .
compare her turn as a government [person] in rush ( 1991 ) to jodie foster 's the same year in the silence of the lambs .

Nothing Lefty says or does comes out right -- especially his adoption of a protégé , a young jewel thief called `` Donnie Brasco '' ( Johnny Depp ) who turns out , of course , to be an undercover FBI agent .
nothing lefty says or does comes out right -- especially his adoption of a protégé , a young jewel thief called `` donnie brasco '' ( johnny depp ) who turns out , of course , to be an undercover fbi [person] .

In flashback , he has his way with one ( `` When I fook someone , they stay fooked '' ) and sends the other into a decadelong swoon ; in the present , he appears as a slick , enigmatic real-estate agent who refuses to acknowledge his previous persona .
in flashback , he has his way with one ( `` when i fook someone , they stay fooked '' ) and sends the other into a decadelong swoon ; in the present , he appears as a slick , enigmatic real-estate [person] who refuses to acknowledge his previous persona .

A preening Italian-American sports agent ( Al Palagonia ) declares that he has no mob ties and that he resents being stereotyped , shortly before delivering a stereotypical ( and very funny , Scorsese-esque ) recitation of the luxuries ( Ferraris , Rolexes , mansions ) that await Jesus if he signs on the dotted line .
a preening italian-american sports [person] ( al palagonia ) declares that he has no mob ties and that he resents being stereotyped , shortly before delivering a stereotypical ( and very funny , scorsese-esque ) recitation of the luxuries ( ferraris , rolexes , mansions ) that await jesus if he signs on the dotted line .

The show always opens with a five-minute topical monologue ( `` One thing you got ta say about Congress : They ca n't run the government , but they 've made it a federal offense to fire your travel agent . '' )
the show always opens with a five-minute topical monologue ( `` one thing you got ta say about congress : they ca n't run the government , but they 've made it a federal offense to fire your travel [person] . '' )

Opening with a slapstick sequence of agent John Steed ( Ralph Fiennes ) doing kung fu , the film shifts to a scene in which he meets Mrs. Peel ( Uma Thurman ) while sitting naked in a sauna with only a newspaper to cover his private parts .
opening with a slapstick sequence of [person] john steed ( ralph fiennes ) doing kung fu , the film shifts to a scene in which he meets mrs. peel ( uma thurman ) while sitting naked in a sauna with only a newspaper to cover his private parts .

They just wing it , leaving plenty of time for softy agent John Cusack and meany agent Colm Meaney to debate the merits of shooting the jailbirds out of the sky .
they just wing it , leaving plenty of time for softy [person] john cusack and meany [person] colm meaney to debate the merits of shooting the jailbirds out of the sky .

The accused spy had been living in Germany after retiring from the Army in 1991 , but was tricked back to the United States by someone working with the FBI -- said by USAT to be a retired FBI agent -- posing as a Russian spymaster .
the accused spy had been living in germany after retiring from the army in 1991 , but was tricked back to the united states by someone working with the fbi -- said by usat to be a retired fbi [person] -- posing as a russian spymaster .

The WP and LAT surprise by fronting the death of former chief of naval operations Elmo Zumwalt Jr. -- an anti-bureaucratic admiral who tried to open up his starched white branch to flexible thinking and minority sailors , but who was best known for having ordered the use of Agent Orange in Vietnam , a decision which he came to believe caused the death of his own son and the brain dysfunction of a grandson .
the wp and lat surprise by fronting the death of former chief of naval operations elmo zumwalt jr. -- an anti-bureaucratic admiral who tried to open up his starched white branch to flexible thinking and minority sailors , but who was best known for having ordered the use of [person] orange in vietnam , a decision which he came to believe caused the death of his own son and the brain dysfunction of a grandson .

The Washington Post leads with testimony from last week 's court hearing for Wen Ho Lee in which an FBI agent said that Lee went to unusual lengths to mislead his colleagues at Los Alamos about what he was doing when during nighttime and weekend sessions , he downloaded onto portable tapes the highly classified nuclear secrets to which he had access .
the washington post leads with testimony from last week 's court hearing for wen ho lee in which an fbi [person] said that lee went to unusual lengths to mislead his colleagues at los alamos about what he was doing when during nighttime and weekend sessions , he downloaded onto portable tapes the highly classified nuclear secrets to which he had access .

FBI Special Agent Frank Scafidi says , `` Everybody gets freaked .
fbi special [person] frank scafidi says , `` everybody gets freaked .

It 's not often you meet a cow that says `` moo , '' a bird that says `` tweet , '' or an FBI special agent that says `` The perp got his kick . ''
it 's not often you meet a cow that says `` moo , '' a bird that says `` tweet , '' or an fbi special [person] that says `` the perp got his kick . ''

FBI Special Agent Frank Scafidi says , `` Everybody gets freaked .
fbi special [person] frank scafidi says , `` everybody gets freaked .

On July 1 , he asked Johnson to make his brother a federal mail agent .
on july 1 , he asked johnson to make his brother a federal mail [person] .

Bill Clinton told one agent . ''
bill clinton told one [person] . ''

They say Crystal tries too hard to be likable even though his character is a slimy Hollywood agent who exploits Muresan .
they say crystal tries too hard to be likable even though his character is a slimy hollywood [person] who exploits muresan .

They also welcome his rehabilitation of '70s blaxploitation heroine Pam Grier , who stars as a money-laundering stewardess trying to scam both her boss ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and a federal agent ( Michael Keaton ) .
they also welcome his rehabilitation of '70s blaxploitation heroine pam grier , who stars as a money-laundering stewardess trying to scam both her boss ( samuel l. jackson ) and a federal [person] ( michael keaton ) .

The film is credited with a clever conceit ( it weaves together two versions of a British PR agent 's life ) but is said to suffer from simplistic characters , windy dialogue , and a facile moral message ( life is predestined ) .
the film is credited with a clever conceit ( it weaves together two versions of a british pr [person] 's life ) but is said to suffer from simplistic characters , windy dialogue , and a facile moral message ( life is predestined ) .

An ex-CIA agent 's thriller about a skirt-chasing spy 's ascent to the presidency is deemed `` Primary Colors written with imagination '' ( Christopher Lehmann-Haupt , the New York Times ) .
an ex-cia [person] 's thriller about a skirt-chasing spy 's ascent to the presidency is deemed `` primary colors written with imagination '' ( christopher lehmann-haupt , the new york times ) .

The Washington Times could hardly contain its excitement : `` A former FBI agent assigned to the White House describes in a new book how President Clinton slips past his Secret Service detail in the dead of night , hides under a blanket in the back of a dark-colored sedan , and trysts with a woman , possibly a celebrity , at the JW Marriott Hotel in downtown Washington . ''
the washington times could hardly contain its excitement : `` a former fbi [person] assigned to the white house describes in a new book how president clinton slips past his secret service detail in the dead of night , hides under a blanket in the back of a dark-colored sedan , and trysts with a woman , possibly a celebrity , at the jw marriott hotel in downtown washington . ''

The not-so-Secret-Service agent 's `` source '' turned out to be a thirdhand rumor passed on by Clinton scandalmonger David Brock .
the not-so-secret-service [person] 's `` source '' turned out to be a thirdhand rumor passed on by clinton scandalmonger david brock .

He also notifies the Secret Service agent and the usher on duty downstairs that they should send her up to the residence .
he also notifies the secret service [person] and the usher on duty downstairs that they should send her up to the residence .

The agent on duty waves them on .
the [person] on duty waves them on .

The usher takes her to the private elevator , where another Secret Service agent is posted .
the usher takes her to the private elevator , where another secret service [person] is posted .

It quoted a lawyer `` familiar with the negotiations '' as saying there was a Secret Service agent who had seen Clinton and Lewinsky in a `` compromising situation '' and that he had become a government witness .
it quoted a lawyer `` familiar with the negotiations '' as saying there was a secret service [person] who had seen clinton and lewinsky in a `` compromising situation '' and that he had become a government witness .

An intermediary for a witness or witnesses who might or might not be a Secret Service agent or agents had told Starr 's office about seeing Clinton and Lewinsky in what was now described as an `` ambiguous situation . ''
an intermediary for a witness or witnesses who might or might not be a secret service [person] or agents had told starr 's office about seeing clinton and lewinsky in what was now described as an `` ambiguous situation . ''

If you missed the demonstration that either diGenova or Toensing was the original source for the Dallas Morning News report about a Secret Service agent who witnessed Clinton and Lewinsky in a `` compromising situation , '' click .
if you missed the demonstration that either digenova or toensing was the original source for the dallas morning news report about a secret service [person] who witnessed clinton and lewinsky in a `` compromising situation , '' click .

To interrogate Hillary about the news of the day -- a report in the Washington Post that a Secret Service agent had seen Bill and Monica alone together in the Oval Office -- would have seemed to add insult to the injury she presumably had suffered at the hands of her husband already .
to interrogate hillary about the news of the day -- a report in the washington post that a secret service [person] had seen bill and monica alone together in the oval office -- would have seemed to add insult to the injury she presumably had suffered at the hands of her husband already .

In an interview with Ha'aretz , former British MI5 agent David Shayler said that as recently as 1995 Britain expelled Mossad [ Israeli secret service ] agents for operating on its territory without permission .
in an interview with ha'aretz , former british mi5 [person] david shayler said that as recently as 1995 britain expelled mossad [ israeli secret service ] agents for operating on its territory without permission .

Even so , `` Mossad secretly sent agent operators to Britain to gather information on Arab targets '' and `` MI5 exposed these undeclared Mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country . ''
even so , `` mossad secretly sent [person] operators to britain to gather information on arab targets '' and `` mi5 exposed these undeclared mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country . ''

Amos started the company in 1975 with $ 25,000 borrowed from Marvin Gaye and Helen Reddy , pals from his days as a talent agent .
amos started the company in 1975 with $ 25,000 borrowed from marvin gaye and helen reddy , pals from his days as a talent [person] .

In 1996 , Salinger 's agent forbade a nonprofit Catcher in the Rye Web site from using quotations from the novel , garnering the usual rash of publicity .
in 1996 , salinger 's [person] forbade a nonprofit catcher in the rye web site from using quotations from the novel , garnering the usual rash of publicity .

For almost a decade now , Pynchon has been married to his literary agent and keeping to himself .
for almost a decade now , pynchon has been married to his literary [person] and keeping to himself .

Kaethe Schuchter , an agent for reclusive swindler Martin Frankel , flew to Italy to offer Father Christopher a $ 50 million contribution to his Genesis Center if the priest would use the charity to buy insurance companies on behalf of David Rosse , one of Frankel 's aliases .
kaethe schuchter , an [person] for reclusive swindler martin frankel , flew to italy to offer father christopher a $ 50 million contribution to his genesis center if the priest would use the charity to buy insurance companies on behalf of david rosse , one of frankel 's aliases .

This worked out poorly , since when the agent called me back , she got my voice mail and left a message with the same number .
this worked out poorly , since when the [person] called me back , she got my voice mail and left a message with the same number .

Early in Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me , the stumpy , snaggletoothed British secret agent ( Mike Myers ) survives an assassination attempt by his new bride , Vanessa ( Elizabeth Hurley ) , who turns out to have been a `` fembot '' programmed by his nemesis , Dr .
early in austin powers : the spy who shagged me , the stumpy , snaggletoothed british secret [person] ( mike myers ) survives an assassination attempt by his new bride , vanessa ( elizabeth hurley ) , who turns out to have been a `` fembot '' programmed by his nemesis , dr .

Covetous of Austin Powers ' lack of inhibition , he contrives to go back in time -- to 1969 , when both he and Powers were cryogenically frozen -- and steal the source of the secret agent 's appeal : his life force , or `` mojo . ''
covetous of austin powers ' lack of inhibition , he contrives to go back in time -- to 1969 , when both he and powers were cryogenically frozen -- and steal the source of the secret [person] 's appeal : his life force , or `` mojo . ''

Mojo-less , Austin panics when the opportunity comes to shag CIA agent Felicity Shagwell ( Heather Graham ) ; mojo-laden , Dr .
mojo-less , austin panics when the opportunity comes to shag cia [person] felicity shagwell ( heather graham ) ; mojo-laden , dr .

If the reporter works for Vanity Fair , of the celebrity 's press agent .
if the reporter works for vanity fair , of the celebrity 's press [person] .

His screenplay ideas in the company of the muse are pathetically feeble , and when she encourages them -- and when they find favor with Steven 's agent and the executives who 'd previously spurned him -- the point seems to be that everyone in the film industry is a moron .
his screenplay ideas in the company of the muse are pathetically feeble , and when she encourages them -- and when they find favor with steven 's [person] and the executives who 'd previously spurned him -- the point seems to be that everyone in the film industry is a moron .

For example , you had a great feature on a real estate agent .
for example , you had a great feature on a real estate [person] .

When my agent asked me how long I thought it would take to write the book -- he was negotiating the delivery date -- I answered cheerfully , `` Ten years . ''
when my [person] asked me how long i thought it would take to write the book -- he was negotiating the delivery date -- i answered cheerfully , `` ten years . ''

The hormones , extracted from pituitary glands , were transmitted in an agent that spread mad cow disease and eventually infected humans as new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease . ''
the hormones , extracted from pituitary glands , were transmitted in an [person] that spread mad cow disease and eventually infected humans as new variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease . ''

The cover piece makes fun of the Reform Party convention , whose attendees included a woman who framed the crumbs of a piece of cake Ross Perot ate in 1992 and a presidential candidate who claims he controlled exactly what President George Bush said by sending faxes to a Secret Service agent .
the cover piece makes fun of the reform party convention , whose attendees included a woman who framed the crumbs of a piece of cake ross perot ate in 1992 and a presidential candidate who claims he controlled exactly what president george bush said by sending faxes to a secret service [person] .

I 'm no FBI agent , but they 're talking about some kind of group sex swingers cult thing , right ?
i 'm no fbi [person] , but they 're talking about some kind of group sex swingers cult thing , right ?

However , the Shopping Avenger and several other passengers were met at the gate by a British Airways agent , who said that there was no time to make the connection , which was leaving from a different terminal .
however , the shopping avenger and several other passengers were met at the gate by a british airways [person] , who said that there was no time to make the connection , which was leaving from a different terminal .

Instead , the Shopping Avenger was booked onto a later flight and so asked the agent if he could use a British Airways telephone to call Mrs. Shopping Avenger , who would be waiting for him at the other end .
instead , the shopping avenger was booked onto a later flight and so asked the [person] if he could use a british airways telephone to call mrs. shopping avenger , who would be waiting for him at the other end .

The agent directed the Shopping Avenger to the British Airways business-class lounge , where a telephone would be made available to him .
the [person] directed the shopping avenger to the british airways business-class lounge , where a telephone would be made available to him .

No one told him , though , that he must first show his driver 's license to the ticket agent .
no one told him , though , that he must first show his driver 's license to the ticket [person] .

The ticket agent refused to check the rabbi 's bags once he left , telling the wife that `` security reasons '' forbade him from checking the luggage of ticket holders who were not present .
the ticket [person] refused to check the rabbi 's bags once he left , telling the wife that `` security reasons '' forbade him from checking the luggage of ticket holders who were not present .

The ideology of work in modern society puts great emphasis on independence , on treating oneself entrepreneurially -- but if you treat yourself as an independent agent , you do n't establish much emotional connection to other people .
the ideology of work in modern society puts great emphasis on independence , on treating oneself entrepreneurially -- but if you treat yourself as an independent [person] , you do n't establish much emotional connection to other people .

Ellis is a former police officer and real estate agent [ this last strikes Chatterbox as a cheap shot ] who , it turns out , is also a convicted felon . ''
ellis is a former police officer and real estate [person] [ this last strikes chatterbox as a cheap shot ] who , it turns out , is also a convicted felon . ''

Economists must remember that they are social scientists , not physicists ( although they stole all of their mathematics from physics ) , that the representative agent does not exist in the real world , and that they must adjust their analysis accordingly .
economists must remember that they are social scientists , not physicists ( although they stole all of their mathematics from physics ) , that the representative [person] does not exist in the real world , and that they must adjust their analysis accordingly .

The title , in the context of the article , implies that Huang is a paid agent of a foreign government .
the title , in the context of the article , implies that huang is a paid [person] of a foreign government .

In his notebook , Orwell listed 135 names -- with remarks about who the people were , who he guessed might be `` some kind of agent , '' who a fellow traveler or `` crypto , '' and who merely `` stupid , '' `` dishonest , '' or `` naïve . ''
in his notebook , orwell listed 135 names -- with remarks about who the people were , who he guessed might be `` some kind of [person] , '' who a fellow traveler or `` crypto , '' and who merely `` stupid , '' `` dishonest , '' or `` naïve . ''

Peter Smollett , a journalist who headed the Russian Department of the British Ministry of Information during the war and whom Orwell described as `` almost certainly an agent of some kind , '' was later revealed to be , in fact , a Soviet agent .
peter smollett , a journalist who headed the russian department of the british ministry of information during the war and whom orwell described as `` almost certainly an [person] of some kind , '' was later revealed to be , in fact , a soviet [person] .

See it for Jeneane Garafolo as a sour , sarcastic FBI agent and Vince Vaughn as a rhinestone cowboy trucker whose unlined face and bland bonhomie grow more hilariously creepy with each passing corpse .
see it for jeneane garafolo as a sour , sarcastic fbi [person] and vince vaughn as a rhinestone cowboy trucker whose unlined face and bland bonhomie grow more hilariously creepy with each passing corpse .

The ambition of the conductor is abetted by the avarice of the agent , who receives a commission of up to 20 percent on the fees and salaries he negotiates .
the ambition of the conductor is abetted by the avarice of the [person] , who receives a commission of up to 20 percent on the fees and salaries he negotiates .

An employee in the White House social office testified that an agent at the party , upon discovering Lewinsky 's name on the guest list , rushed up to the employee and said , `` We have to find her before Mrs. Clinton sees her . ''
an employee in the white house social office testified that an [person] at the party , upon discovering lewinsky 's name on the guest list , rushed up to the employee and said , `` we have to find her before mrs. clinton sees her . ''

It is presumed the agent was successful as there are no reports that either Hillary or Monica tried to dunk the other 's head in the wassail bowl .
it is presumed the [person] was successful as there are no reports that either hillary or monica tried to dunk the other 's head in the wassail bowl .

The Enquirer reports that agent Steven Pape told the grand jury of a conversation he had with another agent .
the enquirer reports that [person] steven pape told the grand jury of a conversation he had with another [person] .

During last spring 's controversy , McNally 's agent Gilbert Parker was quoted complaining that no journalist had bothered to request a copy of the script of Corpus Christi .
during last spring 's controversy , mcnally 's [person] gilbert parker was quoted complaining that no journalist had bothered to request a copy of the script of corpus christi .

The Star also reports that a Secret Service agent and former top Clinton aide Harold Ickes `` walked in on the president and his young guest while the two were enjoying an extended stay in the private study . ''
the star also reports that a secret service [person] and former top clinton aide harold ickes `` walked in on the president and his young guest while the two were enjoying an extended stay in the private study . ''

Initial reports indicated the Germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against Germany .
initial reports indicated the germans were angry because the [person] was conducting economic espionage against germany .

U.s. officials now say that the agent was gathering intelligence on another country -- most likely Iran -- and that the Germans ordered the diplomat out because they 're tired of the United States using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it .
u.s. officials now say that the [person] was gathering intelligence on another country -- most likely iran -- and that the germans ordered the diplomat out because they 're tired of the united states using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it .

American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay .
american officials are asking germany to let the [person] stay .

Initial reports indicated the Germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against Germany .
initial reports indicated the germans were angry because the [person] was conducting economic espionage against germany .

U.s. officials now say that the agent was gathering intelligence on another country -- most likely Iran -- and that the Germans ordered the diplomat out because they 're tired of the United States using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it .
u.s. officials now say that the [person] was gathering intelligence on another country -- most likely iran -- and that the germans ordered the diplomat out because they 're tired of the united states using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it .

American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay .
american officials are asking germany to let the [person] stay .

Initial reports indicated the Germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against Germany .
initial reports indicated the germans were angry because the [person] was conducting economic espionage against germany .

U.s. officials now say that the agent was gathering intelligence on another country -- most likely Iran -- and that the Germans ordered the diplomat out because they 're tired of the United States using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it .
u.s. officials now say that the [person] was gathering intelligence on another country -- most likely iran -- and that the germans ordered the diplomat out because they 're tired of the united states using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it .

American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay .
american officials are asking germany to let the [person] stay .

Is it coincidental that prior to befriending Monica , Linda R. Tripp had engaged a literary agent , Lucy Goldberg , who specializes in expos , s of Clinton 's sex life and had copies of the tapes ?
is it coincidental that prior to befriending monica , linda r. tripp had engaged a literary [person] , lucy goldberg , who specializes in expos , s of clinton 's sex life and had copies of the tapes ?

The key elements are , says the author , that China does n't normally pay an agent for information , request the provision of classified documents , use intelligence officers to elicit information , or engage in clandestine activity in the United States .
the key elements are , says the author , that china does n't normally pay an [person] for information , request the provision of classified documents , use intelligence officers to elicit information , or engage in clandestine activity in the united states .

Critics give three reasons : 1 ) A buddy pairing of unusual moral complexity between an undercover agent ( Johnny Depp ) and his Mafia mentor ( Al Pacino ) .
critics give three reasons : 1 ) a buddy pairing of unusual moral complexity between an undercover [person] ( johnny depp ) and his mafia mentor ( al pacino ) .

We are a `` Free Agent Nation '' : Shifting , fluid acquaintanceships have replaced firm , lifelong loyalties .
we are a `` free [person] nation '' : shifting , fluid acquaintanceships have replaced firm , lifelong loyalties .

Based on a cult-hit comic book about a CIA agent who returns from the dead to destroy the human race as part of a Faustian bargain , this live-action film crosses over to mass-market success with both teens and kids -- the next Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
based on a cult-hit comic book about a cia [person] who returns from the dead to destroy the human race as part of a faustian bargain , this live-action film crosses over to mass-market success with both teens and kids -- the next teenage mutant ninja turtles .

By making Hercules a sports star and another character a Hollywood agent , the movie proves that `` Walt 's art form is still sassy and snazzy '' ( Richard Corliss , Time ) .
by making hercules a sports star and another character a hollywood [person] , the movie proves that `` walt 's art form is still sassy and snazzy '' ( richard corliss , time ) .

In Monica news : 1 ) A profile of Tripp ally/book agent Lucianne Goldberg describes her as adventurous , aggressive , and rather amoral -- a `` seasoned Bond girl . ''
in monica news : 1 ) a profile of tripp ally/book [person] lucianne goldberg describes her as adventurous , aggressive , and rather amoral -- a `` seasoned bond girl . ''

Chapter 2 : Troubled , maverick National Transportation Safety Board Agent Johnny Manhattan 's beeper goes off assigning him and , later , gorgeous , straight-arrow , divorcee FBI Agent Delores Dunray , to the case ...
chapter 2 : troubled , maverick national transportation safety board [person] johnny manhattan 's beeper goes off assigning him and , later , gorgeous , straight-arrow , divorcee fbi [person] delores dunray , to the case ...

Finally , a real-estate agent dropped in to reiterate the impossibility of anyone in the room ever becoming a homeowner , and we had graduated .
finally , a real-estate [person] dropped in to reiterate the impossibility of anyone in the room ever becoming a homeowner , and we had graduated .

Our agent miraculously found a house for us on Sycamore .
our [person] miraculously found a house for us on sycamore .

Business writing , a narrative of how Agent X reneged on Performer Y 's contract and took her to Label Z .
business writing , a narrative of how [person] x reneged on performer y 's contract and took her to label z .

In the last few days they have `` tightened the noose of ridicule around themselves completely unaided '' -- Paisley by calling Britain 's Queen Elizabeth her government 's `` parrot '' for welcoming the Northern Ireland settlement , and Gingrich by calling Madeleine Albright `` the agent for the Palestinians '' in the Middle East peace negotiations .
in the last few days they have `` tightened the noose of ridicule around themselves completely unaided '' -- paisley by calling britain 's queen elizabeth her government 's `` parrot '' for welcoming the northern ireland settlement , and gingrich by calling madeleine albright `` the [person] for the palestinians '' in the middle east peace negotiations .

Clinton 's four waivers : Justice Thurgood Marshall ; Elvera Burger , the widow of Chief Justice Warren Burger ; Army veteran and Drug Enforcement Administration agent J.W .
clinton 's four waivers : justice thurgood marshall ; elvera burger , the widow of chief justice warren burger ; army veteran and drug enforcement administration [person] j.w .

Instead , when it comes to particulars , we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose Secret Service agent husband was killed in the Oklahoma blast : `` It was a slap in the face . ''
instead , when it comes to particulars , we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose secret service [person] husband was killed in the oklahoma blast : `` it was a slap in the face . ''

Eventually the woman met with a person she thought was a South African agent and for $ 1,000 , gave him a Pentagon spending document and a CIA memorandum on the international arms market .
eventually the woman met with a person she thought was a south african [person] and for $ 1,000 , gave him a pentagon spending document and a cia memorandum on the international arms market .

He was an FBI agent .
he was an fbi [person] .

According to authorities , ten days ago a veteran DEA agent fatally shot a colleague .
according to authorities , ten days ago a veteran dea [person] fatally shot a colleague .

The shooting was ruled justifiable , but it was also determined that the agent had 11 beers in him at the time .
the shooting was ruled justifiable , but it was also determined that the [person] had 11 beers in him at the time .

The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead with the DOD 's announcement that all U.S. military forces ( active and reserve ) will be inoculated against the deadly biological warfare agent anthrax .
the new york times and los angeles times lead with the dod 's announcement that all u.s. military forces ( active and reserve ) will be inoculated against the deadly biological warfare [person] anthrax .

Other recent examples include the alleged off-camera tantrums had by Bill Clinton and Janet Reno over the belated discovery of the coffee videos , and yesterday 's report about how somebody high up in the White House nearly throttled an ATF agent over the discovery that ATF was letting scads of assault weapons into the country .
other recent examples include the alleged off-camera tantrums had by bill clinton and janet reno over the belated discovery of the coffee videos , and yesterday 's report about how somebody high up in the white house nearly throttled an atf [person] over the discovery that atf was letting scads of assault weapons into the country .

The paper says that the White House is `` livid '' about this and that one White House official was so irate `` he put his hands around the neck of an ATF agent . ''
the paper says that the white house is `` livid '' about this and that one white house official was so irate `` he put his hands around the neck of an atf [person] . ''

In its lead coverage of the IRS hearings , USAT emphasizes the testimony of an IRS agent , who said that her agency routinely pursues the poor for more taxes .
in its lead coverage of the irs hearings , usat emphasizes the testimony of an irs [person] , who said that her agency routinely pursues the poor for more taxes .

He apologized , but his main goal was image repair : he was accompanied , says the Post , by his agent , his accountant , his tax man , his teammates , the president of the players ' union , several other advisors , and ... .Johnnie Cochran .
he apologized , but his main goal was image repair : he was accompanied , says the post , by his [person] , his accountant , his tax man , his teammates , the president of the players ' union , several other advisors , and ... .johnnie cochran .

The WSJ and the WP report that a rising corporate Internet star was arrested last Thursday night at the Santa Monica Pier for attempting to use the Web to arrange a sexual encounter with an underage girl , who was actually an undercover FBI agent .
the wsj and the wp report that a rising corporate internet star was arrested last thursday night at the santa monica pier for attempting to use the web to arrange a sexual encounter with an underage girl , who was actually an undercover fbi [person] .

The 13-year-old girl turned out to be an FBI agent .
the 13-year-old girl turned out to be an fbi [person] .

A powerful new technology occasioned an enormous amount of hyperventilation about the new medium 's potential as an agent of change -- change ( it almost goes without saying ) that would demonstrably improve the society .
a powerful new technology occasioned an enormous amount of hyperventilation about the new medium 's potential as an [person] of change -- change ( it almost goes without saying ) that would demonstrably improve the society .

In a bizarre episode a couple of years ago , an FBI agent claimed he was driven to attempt to murder his wife because Cornwell was having an affair with her .
in a bizarre episode a couple of years ago , an fbi [person] claimed he was driven to attempt to murder his wife because cornwell was having an affair with her .

Economics ideally would be based on real human preferences and decision-making strategies ( rather than the idealized `` rational agent '' assumed by economists today ) .
economics ideally would be based on real human preferences and decision-making strategies ( rather than the idealized `` rational [person] '' assumed by economists today ) .

It plays to the germ pathology that sustains the market for anti-bacteriants and investigative-report segments titled `` Does Your Housecleaning Agent Really Protect Your Infant From the Salmonella That Will Turn His Insides Into an Oozing Green Swamp ?
it plays to the germ pathology that sustains the market for anti-bacteriants and investigative-report segments titled `` does your housecleaning [person] really protect your infant from the salmonella that will turn his insides into an oozing green swamp ?

Leaves wither and fall as the plant continues to dance -- the combination of potent chemicals and strip clubs is n't likely to endear itself to the PC police ; and there are those who would be hard pressed to distinguish between Finish and Agent Orange .
leaves wither and fall as the plant continues to dance -- the combination of potent chemicals and strip clubs is n't likely to endear itself to the pc police ; and there are those who would be hard pressed to distinguish between finish and [person] orange .

Frank Black ( well played by Lance Henriksen ) , the grim ex-FBI agent who can enter the minds of murderers , learns more about the past of the mysterious , influential Millennium Group -- and J. Edgar Hoover 's role .
frank black ( well played by lance henriksen ) , the grim ex-fbi [person] who can enter the minds of murderers , learns more about the past of the mysterious , influential millennium group -- and j. edgar hoover 's role .

Her behavior was stupid and hurt a lot of people , but if the point here is to measure the size of her errors , they are barely perceptible next to those of the people who ruined her : a literary agent with profit and something akin to treason on her mind ; a federal prosecutor who chose to hound and harass a citizen with overweening force and little justification ; and journalists who cooperated by exposing every last detail of her private life .
her behavior was stupid and hurt a lot of people , but if the point here is to measure the size of her errors , they are barely perceptible next to those of the people who ruined her : a literary [person] with profit and something akin to treason on her mind ; a federal prosecutor who chose to hound and harass a citizen with overweening force and little justification ; and journalists who cooperated by exposing every last detail of her private life .

As for whether the two actresses are really dropping out , Variety writes , `` They do n't have the agent , still have the publicist and the house , and Heche was last seen driving through Burbank . ''
as for whether the two actresses are really dropping out , variety writes , `` they do n't have the [person] , still have the publicist and the house , and heche was last seen driving through burbank . ''

Let me check with inventory , '' an agent told me recently .
let me check with inventory , '' an [person] told me recently .

He acknowledges `` where the sensitivity comes from , '' though he shows no understanding of the role the myth of the Antichrist played in the history of anti-Semitism , and he refuses to back away from his opinion that somewhere in Great Neck or West L.A. or Shaker Heights is living Satan 's agent .
he acknowledges `` where the sensitivity comes from , '' though he shows no understanding of the role the myth of the antichrist played in the history of anti-semitism , and he refuses to back away from his opinion that somewhere in great neck or west l.a. or shaker heights is living satan 's [person] .

A piece chronicles the struggles of Firefly , a tiny Internet startup : Its `` agent '' software , an artificial-intelligence program that helps consumers choose and buy online , may be the Net 's next killer application , but only if Microsoft or another software giant does n't create a knockoff first .
a piece chronicles the struggles of firefly , a tiny internet startup : its `` [person] '' software , an artificial-intelligence program that helps consumers choose and buy online , may be the net 's next killer application , but only if microsoft or another software giant does n't create a knockoff first .

Newsweek tells the weird story of Jerry Stuchiner , a high-level Immigration & Naturalization Service agent alleged to have sold passports to illegal Chinese immigrants .
newsweek tells the weird story of jerry stuchiner , a high-level immigration & naturalization service [person] alleged to have sold passports to illegal chinese immigrants .

An article on crime novelist Patricia Cornwell finds her obsessive , vengeful , and paranoid , and confirms that she had a lesbian affair with an FBI agent ( who was nearly murdered by her husband ) .
an article on crime novelist patricia cornwell finds her obsessive , vengeful , and paranoid , and confirms that she had a lesbian affair with an fbi [person] ( who was nearly murdered by her husband ) .

The magazine profiles the high-achieving Emanuel brothers : presidential adviser Rahm , Hollywood agent Ari , and medical ethicist Zeke .
the magazine profiles the high-achieving emanuel brothers : presidential adviser rahm , hollywood [person] ari , and medical ethicist zeke .

An article on crime novelist Patricia Cornwell finds her obsessive , vengeful , and paranoid , and confirms that she had a lesbian affair with an FBI agent ( who was nearly murdered by her husband ) .
an article on crime novelist patricia cornwell finds her obsessive , vengeful , and paranoid , and confirms that she had a lesbian affair with an fbi [person] ( who was nearly murdered by her husband ) .

Allegedly , the men were plotting to deploy the agent in the New York City subway system -- yeah right , like anthrax could survive that .
allegedly , the men were plotting to deploy the [person] in the new york city subway system -- yeah right , like anthrax could survive that .

Her agent ?
her [person] ?

The Times also reports that a New York literary agent , a friend of Tripp 's , has possession of two of the tapes , which the agent describes as `` shocking beyond belief . ''
the times also reports that a new york literary [person] , a friend of tripp 's , has possession of two of the tapes , which the [person] describes as `` shocking beyond belief . ''

The NYT reports that FBI agents visited Linda Tripp 's literary agent Lucianne Goldberg in New York and USAT has the detail that in 1972 Goldberg was paid $ 1,000 a week by a high-level Nixon operative to spy on the McGovern campaign .
the nyt reports that fbi agents visited linda tripp 's literary [person] lucianne goldberg in new york and usat has the detail that in 1972 goldberg was paid $ 1,000 a week by a high-level nixon operative to spy on the mcgovern campaign .

The decision was forged , says the Journal , after the Secret Service director , in arguing that efficient protection requires agent proximity and hence agent confidentiality , made a presentation at the DOJ that included a slow-motion videotape of a Secret Service agent taking a bullet intended for Ronald Reagan in 1981 .
the decision was forged , says the journal , after the secret service director , in arguing that efficient protection requires [person] proximity and hence [person] confidentiality , made a presentation at the doj that included a slow-motion videotape of a secret service [person] taking a bullet intended for ronald reagan in 1981 .

On today 's WP front , a retired Secret Service agent is saying the same thing .
on today 's wp front , a retired secret service [person] is saying the same thing .

His agent , David Falk , said his client would play as long as he meets his own standards .
his [person] , david falk , said his client would play as long as he meets his own standards .

He 's a free agent after this season and if the Bulls want him back they 'll have to pay the big money .
he 's a free [person] after this season and if the bulls want him back they 'll have to pay the big money .

No competitor or other external agent can cause this sort of mortal damage ; to find the culprit , senior management need n't look further than a mirror .
no competitor or other external [person] can cause this sort of mortal damage ; to find the culprit , senior management need n't look further than a mirror .

These critics take it as a given that anyone with a good word for this process is naive or corrupt and , in either case , a de facto agent of global capital in its oppression of workers here and abroad .
these critics take it as a given that anyone with a good word for this process is naive or corrupt and , in either case , a de facto [person] of global capital in its oppression of workers here and abroad .

I define racism as a single-valued , continuous mapping ... '' The story is n't true , but a chapter of that thesis , titled `` A Dynamic Theory of Racial Income Differences , '' does have an appendix that begins `` Each agent begins life with a random innate endowment .
i define racism as a single-valued , continuous mapping ... '' the story is n't true , but a chapter of that thesis , titled `` a dynamic theory of racial income differences , '' does have an appendix that begins `` each [person] begins life with a random innate endowment .

Perhaps the most surprising revelations are left to the end when , in a passage of acknowledgements , Jesus reveals that he has a wife called Norris and a literary agent called Andrew Wylie .
perhaps the most surprising revelations are left to the end when , in a passage of acknowledgements , jesus reveals that he has a wife called norris and a literary [person] called andrew wylie .

His performance as Frank Horrigan , an aging Secret Service agent , in In The Line of Fire ( 1993 ) , was the most affecting he has ever given -- a fallen stereotype , a glimpse of the human caught in the pose .
his performance as frank horrigan , an aging secret service [person] , in in the line of fire ( 1993 ) , was the most affecting he has ever given -- a fallen stereotype , a glimpse of the human caught in the pose .

He called the Wizards `` underachieving ; '' said his agent , David Falk , was `` a pain in the ass ; '' wondered how `` scared '' his players would be to practice against him ; and called all his new employees `` disposable . ''
he called the wizards `` underachieving ; '' said his [person] , david falk , was `` a pain in the ass ; '' wondered how `` scared '' his players would be to practice against him ; and called all his new employees `` disposable . ''

You 'll be able to get property insurance from Travelers when you take out a mortgage from Citibank , or your Travelers agent will be able to badger you into getting a Citibank credit card after he 's done badgering you about life insurance .
you 'll be able to get property insurance from travelers when you take out a mortgage from citibank , or your travelers [person] will be able to badger you into getting a citibank credit card after he 's done badgering you about life insurance .

It 's also that people take their financial decisions more seriously than they do their choice of toilet paper , and that they are unlikely to pick up a home mortgage just because their insurance agent is hawking it .
it 's also that people take their financial decisions more seriously than they do their choice of toilet paper , and that they are unlikely to pick up a home mortgage just because their insurance [person] is hawking it .

About the same time , they suborned an IRS agent into initiating criminal tax probes of Jordache 's owners , probes that ended up going nowhere but were wonderful harassment devices .
about the same time , they suborned an irs [person] into initiating criminal tax probes of jordache 's owners , probes that ended up going nowhere but were wonderful harassment devices .

Nor were there courtesy vans -- oh , the Dark Ages ! -- so the cars were parked right outside the door , and the rental agent would actually escort you to yours .
nor were there courtesy vans -- oh , the dark ages ! -- so the cars were parked right outside the door , and the rental [person] would actually escort you to yours .

While we await the arrival of a truly intelligent political Web agent , we are stuck with Ask Jeeves , which Net insiders consider something of a joke .
while we await the arrival of a truly intelligent political web [person] , we are stuck with ask jeeves , which net insiders consider something of a joke .

It 's a common expression , says Mahmoud el-Azzazzay , a Queens travel agent : `` We say it probably 200 or more times a day . ''
it 's a common expression , says mahmoud el-azzazzay , a queens travel [person] : `` we say it probably 200 or more times a day . ''

An old and trusted friend , `` Jane , '' who lives in Los Angeles and works in television suggested I send her the manuscript of a novel I wrote because she had a friend who knows an agent who was looking for works by women about women .
an old and trusted friend , `` jane , '' who lives in los angeles and works in television suggested i send her the manuscript of a novel i wrote because she had a friend who knows an [person] who was looking for works by women about women .

This week , Jane told me that the woman she gave my book to turns out to be a psycho , and she doubts whether this woman even had an agent in mind when she requested my manuscript .
this week , jane told me that the woman she gave my book to turns out to be a psycho , and she doubts whether this woman even had an [person] in mind when she requested my manuscript .

It 's a common expression , says Mahmoud el-Azzazzay , a Queens travel agent : `` We say it probably 200 or more times a day . ''
it 's a common expression , says mahmoud el-azzazzay , a queens travel [person] : `` we say it probably 200 or more times a day . ''

Prusiner 's hypothesis is that fatal brain maladies such as mad-cow disease and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease are caused not by viruses , bacteria , fungi , or some other mundane agent but by something startlingly new that he has discovered -- mutant , rampaging proteins known as `` prions , '' short for `` proteinaceous infectious particles . ''
prusiner 's hypothesis is that fatal brain maladies such as mad-cow disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease are caused not by viruses , bacteria , fungi , or some other mundane [person] but by something startlingly new that he has discovered -- mutant , rampaging proteins known as `` prions , '' short for `` proteinaceous infectious particles . ''

Prusiner 's proposition is that it is proteins , not `` slow viruses , '' that are the infectious agent in mad-cow-like diseases .
prusiner 's proposition is that it is proteins , not `` slow viruses , '' that are the infectious [person] in mad-cow-like diseases .

Prusiner has yet to show , for instance , that a protein sans nucleic acid can be infectious , and consequently , he has invoked the potential involvement of yet another agent in the disease process ( although he insists it has no nucleic acid and calls it `` Protein X '' ) .
prusiner has yet to show , for instance , that a protein sans nucleic acid can be infectious , and consequently , he has invoked the potential involvement of yet another [person] in the disease process ( although he insists it has no nucleic acid and calls it `` protein x '' ) .

Some of his fellow prion researchers suggest it might be a `` viral co-factor , '' which is doublespeak for saying that the prion ai n't the infectious agent , a virus is .
some of his fellow prion researchers suggest it might be a `` viral co-factor , '' which is doublespeak for saying that the prion ai n't the infectious [person] , a virus is .

People went out of their way to attack not just the book -- some candidly admitted they had n't bothered to read it -- but Harrison personally , and her husband , her agent , and her publishers for good measure .
people went out of their way to attack not just the book -- some candidly admitted they had n't bothered to read it -- but harrison personally , and her husband , her [person] , and her publishers for good measure .

The ticketing agent told me that my carry-ons would be searched , and that I needed to obtain a signature from security on an attached label in order to board .
the ticketing [person] told me that my carry-ons would be searched , and that i needed to obtain a signature from security on an attached label in order to board .

Of course , it had been there from the beginning , slipped in by the ticket agent .
of course , it had been there from the beginning , slipped in by the ticket [person] .

At curbside check-in the agent noticed my one-way ticket .
at curbside check-in the [person] noticed my one-way ticket .

Since the airlines scrapped the traditional 10 percent agent 's fee for a $ 50 fee per transaction , agent fee rates overall have fallen to 6.3 percent .
since the airlines scrapped the traditional 10 percent [person] 's fee for a $ 50 fee per transaction , [person] fee rates overall have fallen to 6.3 percent .

Oh , well , there 's no way of avoiding the names : In my small clot of people dislodged swardward from the pier were Margaret Carlson , ICM agent Esther Newberg and her escort , newsman/artist John Johnson ; illustrator/author/director Lane Smith ; Buck Henry ; Tony Schwartz ; ? ? ?
oh , well , there 's no way of avoiding the names : in my small clot of people dislodged swardward from the pier were margaret carlson , icm [person] esther newberg and her escort , newsman/artist john johnson ; illustrator/author/director lane smith ; buck henry ; tony schwartz ; ? ? ?

The vaccine is the first attempt to protect the entire U.S. military against a germ warfare agent .
the vaccine is the first attempt to protect the entire u.s. military against a germ warfare [person] .

The pesticides kill insects by interfering with their nervous system ; some fear the agent may affect the nervous systems of children , although there are no hard data .
the pesticides kill insects by interfering with their nervous system ; some fear the [person] may affect the nervous systems of children , although there are no hard data .

For Avedon , the camera is the true agent of immortality , which his subjects accept on his terms : at the cost of their souls .
for avedon , the camera is the true [person] of immortality , which his subjects accept on his terms : at the cost of their souls .

The former KGB agent realizes corruption threatens Russia 's economy , and unlike Yeltsin , he is focused on his presidential duties .
the former kgb [person] realizes corruption threatens russia 's economy , and unlike yeltsin , he is focused on his presidential duties .

The bat and ball were an early Christmas gift from baseball agent Joe Cubas .
the bat and ball were an early christmas gift from baseball [person] joe cubas .

Critics point to Putin 's 15 years in the KGB , calling him a `` KGB spy , '' `` KGB agent , '' and `` KGB colonel . ''
critics point to putin 's 15 years in the kgb , calling him a `` kgb spy , '' `` kgb [person] , '' and `` kgb colonel . ''

On This Week , Times Washington bureau chief Michael Oreskes noted that according to Putin 's colleagues , `` In his years as a KGB agent in Europe , he learned a lot about Western business practices , and that may be exactly what he needs to understand to solve '' Russia 's economic problems .
on this week , times washington bureau chief michael oreskes noted that according to putin 's colleagues , `` in his years as a kgb [person] in europe , he learned a lot about western business practices , and that may be exactly what he needs to understand to solve '' russia 's economic problems .

I believe Gene Hackman once played an FBI agent who supported the civil rights movement and battled robot dogs on Neptune .
i believe gene hackman once played an fbi [person] who supported the civil rights movement and battled robot dogs on neptune .

As the taciturn protagonist of vigilante pictures , Eastwood could be a hoot , and his struggle to articulate something clearly beyond his range resulted in the one true multidimensional performance of his career : the aging Secret Service agent of In The Line of Fire ( 1993 ) .
as the taciturn protagonist of vigilante pictures , eastwood could be a hoot , and his struggle to articulate something clearly beyond his range resulted in the one true multidimensional performance of his career : the aging secret service [person] of in the line of fire ( 1993 ) .

My dreams rarely involve becoming a travel agent , but they frequently include an enormous cartoon swan .
my dreams rarely involve becoming a travel [person] , but they frequently include an enormous cartoon swan .

Stoppard still scoffs at the idea that theater can be an agent of political awakening or social change : `` If I wanted to change the world , '' he once told an interviewer , `` the last thing I would do is write a play . ''
stoppard still scoffs at the idea that theater can be an [person] of political awakening or social change : `` if i wanted to change the world , '' he once told an interviewer , `` the last thing i would do is write a play . ''

Lucianne Goldberg is a literary agent in New York City who served as Linda Tripp 's main adviser and put many of the key figures involved in Flytrap in touch with one another .
lucianne goldberg is a literary [person] in new york city who served as linda tripp 's main adviser and put many of the key figures involved in flytrap in touch with one another .

He can imply something without saying so -- in this case , that `` the President 's decision '' must have been motivated as a favor either to this Ms. Liu , a Chinese government agent , or to those companies .
he can imply something without saying so -- in this case , that `` the president 's decision '' must have been motivated as a favor either to this ms. liu , a chinese government [person] , or to those companies .

From the Zapruder film to the Clint Eastwood film , the popular image of the Secret Service agent -- stiff posture , of dark suit and shades , the walkie-talkies , the microphone in the sleeve -- is one of laconic , unflappable , and self-abnegating cool .
from the zapruder film to the clint eastwood film , the popular image of the secret service [person] -- stiff posture , of dark suit and shades , the walkie-talkies , the microphone in the sleeve -- is one of laconic , unflappable , and self-abnegating cool .

Though always at the center of things , the agent cherishes his anonymity ; he 's expected to sacrifice not just life but also ego to protect the president .
though always at the center of things , the [person] cherishes his anonymity ; he 's expected to sacrifice not just life but also ego to protect the president .

The Kennedy assassination thus marked the arrival of the romantic myth of the self-sacrificing agent -- the myth that Larry Cockell and Clinton 's other agents trade on when they publicize their anguish over having to betray the president 's trust .
the kennedy assassination thus marked the arrival of the romantic myth of the self-sacrificing [person] -- the myth that larry cockell and clinton 's other agents trade on when they publicize their anguish over having to betray the president 's trust .

History teaches few practical lessons , but here it may have a small one to offer : Larry Cockell , call your agent .
history teaches few practical lessons , but here it may have a small one to offer : larry cockell , call your [person] .

At that point , stars seized control of their own careers , and the talent agent became a major Hollywood player .
at that point , stars seized control of their own careers , and the talent [person] became a major hollywood player .

Meanwhile , though , the triumph of the agent and the package deal is , perhaps , the main reason that stars ' salaries are as high as they are .
meanwhile , though , the triumph of the [person] and the package deal is , perhaps , the main reason that stars ' salaries are as high as they are .

High-priced free agent salaries do n't necessarily correlate to competitiveness .
high-priced free [person] salaries do n't necessarily correlate to competitiveness .

The most famous example : In the '60s , Mossad agent Eli Cohen befriended Syrian President Amin al-Hafez and was nearly named Syria 's defense minister .
the most famous example : in the '60s , mossad [person] eli cohen befriended syrian president amin al-hafez and was nearly named syria 's defense minister .

With the exception of napalm and Agent Orange used in Vietnam , the United States is not known to have used chemical weapons in battle since World War I .
with the exception of napalm and [person] orange used in vietnam , the united states is not known to have used chemical weapons in battle since world war i .

His acting career took off only when an agent spotted him working in a Manhattan pizza parlor .
his acting career took off only when an [person] spotted him working in a manhattan pizza parlor .

Under key escrow ( dubbed `` Clipper II '' by opponents ) , companies could export strong encryption algorithms , but would have to file a key with a government-approved agent , such as a bank .
under key escrow ( dubbed `` clipper ii '' by opponents ) , companies could export strong encryption algorithms , but would have to file a key with a government-approved [person] , such as a bank .

Meanwhile , Hughes ' sister Olwyn , the literary agent for Plath 's estate , refused to cooperate with biographers critical of her brother -- that means all biographers except one , Anne Stevenson ( Bitter Fame ) -- forbidding them to quote at length from Plath 's works .
meanwhile , hughes ' sister olwyn , the literary [person] for plath 's estate , refused to cooperate with biographers critical of her brother -- that means all biographers except one , anne stevenson ( bitter fame ) -- forbidding them to quote at length from plath 's works .

In Bob Roberts , Tim Robbins plays a right-wing folk singer running for the Senate with the help of a rogue ex-CIA agent .
in bob roberts , tim robbins plays a right-wing folk singer running for the senate with the help of a rogue ex-cia [person] .

This agent came in my office one morning .
this [person] came in my office one morning .

An IRS agent might have said these things , but I doubt it .
an irs [person] might have said these things , but i doubt it .

Hale , a former FBI special agent who was head of security for General Dynamics Corp. Hersh links this to the company 's pursuit -- and otherwise inexplicable award , a few months later -- of a contract to build a $ 6.5-billion jet fighter .
hale , a former fbi special [person] who was head of security for general dynamics corp. hersh links this to the company 's pursuit -- and otherwise inexplicable award , a few months later -- of a contract to build a $ 6.5-billion jet fighter .

For instance , Hersh relates one anecdote about a Secret Service agent having to prevent the first lady from finding out for herself what she suspected was going on in the White House swimming pool .
for instance , hersh relates one anecdote about a secret service [person] having to prevent the first lady from finding out for herself what she suspected was going on in the white house swimming pool .

Second highlight : On the tapes , Tripp apparently encourages Lewinsky to obsess about Clinton , to ask him for help getting a job , and to send him letters via a courier service owned by the family of Tripp 's literary agent .
second highlight : on the tapes , tripp apparently encourages lewinsky to obsess about clinton , to ask him for help getting a job , and to send him letters via a courier service owned by the family of tripp 's literary [person] .

Two weeks after 1 ) calling U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright `` the agent of the Palestinians , '' he 2 ) `` slapped '' President Clinton by saying non-Israelis have no right to judge Israel 's security needs ; 3 ) told Israel 's parliament that the U.S. Congress backs Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu in his rejection of Clinton 's latest peace plan ; 4 ) reportedly urged Netanyahu in a private meeting to defy Clinton 's plan ( though the Clinton administration could not confirm the report ) ; and 5 ) declared Jerusalem Israel 's `` united and eternal capital , '' contrary to U.S. policy .
two weeks after 1 ) calling u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright `` the [person] of the palestinians , '' he 2 ) `` slapped '' president clinton by saying non-israelis have no right to judge israel 's security needs ; 3 ) told israel 's parliament that the u.s. congress backs israeli prime minister netanyahu in his rejection of clinton 's latest peace plan ; 4 ) reportedly urged netanyahu in a private meeting to defy clinton 's plan ( though the clinton administration could not confirm the report ) ; and 5 ) declared jerusalem israel 's `` united and eternal capital , '' contrary to u.s. policy .

It , too , draws careful distinctions between `` bad '' terrorists , represented by a rogue IRA agent who tries to murder Day-Lewis , and `` good '' terrorists , represented by the IRA leadership , which tries to protect him .
it , too , draws careful distinctions between `` bad '' terrorists , represented by a rogue ira [person] who tries to murder day-lewis , and `` good '' terrorists , represented by the ira leadership , which tries to protect him .

In Patriot Games ( 1992 ) , militants try to kill Harrison Ford and his family ; in Blown Away ( 1994 ) , a lunatic IRA man sets off bombs all over Boston ; and in The Boxer , the rogue agent kills an old man , beats women , and bombs pubs .
in patriot games ( 1992 ) , militants try to kill harrison ford and his family ; in blown away ( 1994 ) , a lunatic ira man sets off bombs all over boston ; and in the boxer , the rogue [person] kills an old man , beats women , and bombs pubs .

ATrojan horse in espionage is a mole , a foreign agent who has burrowed deep into a society or government .
atrojan horse in espionage is a mole , a foreign [person] who has burrowed deep into a society or government .

Why , even though the Ruby Ridge development involves the highly unusual event of homicide charges being brought against an FBI agent , is that story left inside the WP ?
why , even though the ruby ridge development involves the highly unusual event of homicide charges being brought against an fbi [person] , is that story left inside the wp ?

Only the LAT gets it right : `` Idaho Charges FBI Agent , Activist in Ruby Ridge Deaths . ''
only the lat gets it right : `` idaho charges fbi [person] , activist in ruby ridge deaths . ''

The piece tantalizes with the news that during Camelot , Pierre Salinger hired a professional pickpocket to quietly recover spoons on their way out the door , and that in 1990 a Secret Service agent was convicted of stealing more than $ 7,000 in presidential china .
the piece tantalizes with the news that during camelot , pierre salinger hired a professional pickpocket to quietly recover spoons on their way out the door , and that in 1990 a secret service [person] was convicted of stealing more than $ 7,000 in presidential china .

The trouble is that Kalugin helped plan the kidnapping of Nicholas Shadrin , a former Soviet naval officer who was a highly-valued double agent for the CIA .
the trouble is that kalugin helped plan the kidnapping of nicholas shadrin , a former soviet naval officer who was a highly-valued double [person] for the cia .

In Ovitz 's case , the leverage was compounded , because he had been enjoying a fabulously successful career as Hollywood 's top agent ; rumor had it he was pulling down between $ 25 million and $ 35 million per year .
in ovitz 's case , the leverage was compounded , because he had been enjoying a fabulously successful career as hollywood 's top [person] ; rumor had it he was pulling down between $ 25 million and $ 35 million per year .

Instead , to provide the comfort needed to induce Ovitz to give up his marvelous career as an agent , the compensation committee offered him a severance agreement .
instead , to provide the comfort needed to induce ovitz to give up his marvelous career as an [person] , the compensation committee offered him a severance agreement .

In 1993 , the New York Times ran a story about a hapless 24-year-old serving 10 years in federal prison for agreeing to help an undercover agent find someone selling LSD at a Grateful Dead concert .
in 1993 , the new york times ran a story about a hapless 24-year-old serving 10 years in federal prison for agreeing to help an undercover [person] find someone selling lsd at a grateful dead concert .

In many states , the laws perversely limit a parole agent 's discretion .
in many states , the laws perversely limit a parole [person] 's discretion .

For example , I 've heard many agents complain of having to revoke the parole of guys who failed a drug test but who were not , in the agent 's best judgment , doing anything more than getting high .
for example , i 've heard many agents complain of having to revoke the parole of guys who failed a drug test but who were not , in the [person] 's best judgment , doing anything more than getting high .

As one agent confided : `` A parolee of mine is OK and is looking for a job .
as one [person] confided : `` a parolee of mine is ok and is looking for a job .

He and his rocket scientist of an agent had recently turned down a six-year offer from the Dodgers worth more than $ 80 million .
he and his rocket scientist of an [person] had recently turned down a six-year offer from the dodgers worth more than $ 80 million .

The NYT runs a story on Jews and blacks as well as a William Safire column recounting the time he , a young press agent , organized a press conference for the then obscure King .
the nyt runs a story on jews and blacks as well as a william safire column recounting the time he , a young press [person] , organized a press conference for the then obscure king .

Nixon : [ Kissinger ] does n't look like a secret agent .
nixon : [ kissinger ] does n't look like a secret [person] .

Hollywood historians will recall when CAA 's ace agent Ron Meyer locked in Sylvester Stallone 's price at $ 20 million per by cutting a three-picture deal for Sly at Universal .
hollywood historians will recall when caa 's ace [person] ron meyer locked in sylvester stallone 's price at $ 20 million per by cutting a three-picture deal for sly at universal .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that some presidential aides think Kenneth Starr is about to subpoena President Clinton , and notes a new question making the rounds , `` Will a Secret Service agent take a subpoena for the president ? ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that some presidential aides think kenneth starr is about to subpoena president clinton , and notes a new question making the rounds , `` will a secret service [person] take a subpoena for the president ? ''

Special Agent Larry Cockell might be at the federal courthouse this morning to answer Starr 's questions , although the Post says Cockell may be advised not to show up .
special [person] larry cockell might be at the federal courthouse this morning to answer starr 's questions , although the post says cockell may be advised not to show up .

The second article describes a `` reservationist to the stars '' who acts as a travel agent for super-celebs .
the second article describes a `` reservationist to the stars '' who acts as a travel [person] for super-celebs .

The WSJ stuns with a front-page feature about two North Carolina men who are peddling to the women of the third world an extremely low-cost ( more than three thousand times cheaper than birth control pills , says the Journal ) chemical sterilization agent called quinacrine .
the wsj stuns with a front-page feature about two north carolina men who are peddling to the women of the third world an extremely low-cost ( more than three thousand times cheaper than birth control pills , says the journal ) chemical sterilization [person] called quinacrine .

Did she have to battle with her agent in the early stages of her career ?
did she have to battle with her [person] in the early stages of her career ?

In this way Mr. Shepherd may be a jeweler , Mr. Glover a carpenter , Mr. Bridle a joiner and not a harness-maker , and Mr. Fudge an estate agent rather than a confectioner or politician .
in this way mr. shepherd may be a jeweler , mr. glover a carpenter , mr. bridle a joiner and not a harness-maker , and mr. fudge an estate [person] rather than a confectioner or politician .

Samuel Goldwyn could scarcely be characterized as a humorist , so his Goldwynisms , rumored to be the product of a publicity agent , at least qualify as quotations .
samuel goldwyn could scarcely be characterized as a humorist , so his goldwynisms , rumored to be the product of a publicity [person] , at least qualify as quotations .

A much larger grouping of coinages bears witnesses to the embryonic pastoral industry : cattle walk , cattle hunting , cattle run , cattle station ; stock agent , stock driver , stock establishment , stock horse , stock house , stock hut , stock proprietor , stock property , stock run , stock station ; sheep country , sheep downs , sheep establishment , sheep hills , sheep holder , sheep land , sheep master , sheep overseer , sheep owner , sheep proprietor , sheep watchman , sheep yard .
a much larger grouping of coinages bears witnesses to the embryonic pastoral industry : cattle walk , cattle hunting , cattle run , cattle station ; stock [person] , stock driver , stock establishment , stock horse , stock house , stock hut , stock proprietor , stock property , stock run , stock station ; sheep country , sheep downs , sheep establishment , sheep hills , sheep holder , sheep land , sheep master , sheep overseer , sheep owner , sheep proprietor , sheep watchman , sheep yard .

The passenger agent for the Union Pacific Railroad in that particular town was named Mr. Bassinger , and an often recited poem in the town was :
the passenger [person] for the union pacific railroad in that particular town was named mr. bassinger , and an often recited poem in the town was :

Third , cat's-paw dates from the late 18th century as a dupe , a person used by another as an unsuspecting agent , or tool , especially in nefarious transactions .
third , cat's-paw dates from the late 18th century as a dupe , a person used by another as an unsuspecting [person] , or tool , especially in nefarious transactions .

Some of them are real gems : tableur ( ` tabular operator ' ) for ` spreadsheet ' is concise , precise , and original ; baladeur ( ` stroller ' ) for ` walkman , ' although basically a loan translation , adds a fresh nuance to the imagery ; best of all perhaps is ordinateur for ` computer , ' the French term ( current since the 1960s , adopted by the Dictionnaire in 1983 ) meaning something like ` methodically arranging agent . '
some of them are real gems : tableur ( ` tabular operator ' ) for ` spreadsheet ' is concise , precise , and original ; baladeur ( ` stroller ' ) for ` walkman , ' although basically a loan translation , adds a fresh nuance to the imagery ; best of all perhaps is ordinateur for ` computer , ' the french term ( current since the 1960s , adopted by the dictionnaire in 1983 ) meaning something like ` methodically arranging [person] . '

To mystify solvers even more , puzzlers may use words in an uncommon but perfectly legitimate sense , especially by attributing to certain words ending in -er the quality of agent noun .
to mystify solvers even more , puzzlers may use words in an uncommon but perfectly legitimate sense , especially by attributing to certain words ending in -er the quality of [person] noun .

In his delightful article , “ Onomatoplazia ” [ XV , 1 ] , Chester Delaney writes , “ analysand ... was obviously derived directly from the - nd marker of the active gerund in Latin , which suggests the therapist ( active agent ) rather than the patient ... . ”
in his delightful article , “ onomatoplazia ” [ xv , 1 ] , chester delaney writes , “ analysand ... was obviously derived directly from the - nd marker of the active gerund in latin , which suggests the therapist ( active [person] ) rather than the patient ... . ”

Mussalchee ` torchbearer ' combines mussal ` torch , usually of oilsoaked rags , ' adapted from Hindi masal or mashal , the Hindi version of Arabic mash'al , and Turkic - ci ( or chi , ji ) , a suffix denoting an agent .
mussalchee ` torchbearer ' combines mussal ` torch , usually of oilsoaked rags , ' adapted from hindi masal or mashal , the hindi version of arabic mash'al , and turkic - ci ( or chi , ji ) , a suffix denoting an [person] .

Something about the quotation marks made the coffee suspect , the way a real estate agent will call a closet a “ room. ” Since I did n't feel like drinking a tepid beverage , I walked until I got to a diner that served me an acceptable cup of java .
something about the quotation marks made the coffee suspect , the way a real estate [person] will call a closet a “ room. ” since i did n't feel like drinking a tepid beverage , i walked until i got to a diner that served me an acceptable cup of java .

Perhaps he was doing the cabaret from the grand piano after dinner and his agent had scrounged him a free meal in the contract .
perhaps he was doing the cabaret from the grand piano after dinner and his [person] had scrounged him a free meal in the contract .

Other ubiquitous calcium compounds include gypsum—calcium sulfate ( CaSO4 ; ) , which is what sheetrock is made of— and the active binding agent in cement , quicklime— Calcium oxide ( CaO ) , produced by cooking limestone in a lime kiln ( the primitive version , a lime rick —compare hay-rick , a variant of haystack —was a heap of earth with the stone and a fire kept going inside it—whence the name of the town in Ireland by which the doggerel verse-form is called as well ) .
other ubiquitous calcium compounds include gypsum—calcium sulfate ( caso4 ; ) , which is what sheetrock is made of— and the active binding [person] in cement , quicklime— calcium oxide ( cao ) , produced by cooking limestone in a lime kiln ( the primitive version , a lime rick —compare hay-rick , a variant of haystack —was a heap of earth with the stone and a fire kept going inside it—whence the name of the town in ireland by which the doggerel verse-form is called as well ) .

Quicklime is quick ( that is , alive , as in the quick and the dead ) because it is anhydrous ( Greek for unwatered ) and soaks up water with a vengeance to make slaked lime ( calcium hydroxide , Ca ( OH ) 2 , from CaO + H2O ) , which is what makes quicklime so useful as the binding agent in mortar , cement , and concrete .
quicklime is quick ( that is , alive , as in the quick and the dead ) because it is anhydrous ( greek for unwatered ) and soaks up water with a vengeance to make slaked lime ( calcium hydroxide , ca ( oh ) 2 , from cao + h2o ) , which is what makes quicklime so useful as the binding [person] in mortar , cement , and concrete .

Because of a recent criticism I was recently moved to express concerning the spelling of flack for press agent , I looked it up and found it under flack , where the fancied etymology is quoted from Better English ( [ June 28 ] 1939 ) :
because of a recent criticism i was recently moved to express concerning the spelling of flack for press [person] , i looked it up and found it under flack , where the fancied etymology is quoted from better english ( [ june 28 ] 1939 ) :

That alert weekly , Variety ... is trying to coin the word flack as a synonym for publicity agent .
that alert weekly , variety ... is trying to coin the word flack as a synonym for publicity [person] .

The word is said to be derived from Gene Flack , a movie publicity agent ... A Yiddish word similar in sound means one who goes around talking about the other fellow 's business .
the word is said to be derived from gene flack , a movie publicity [person] ... a yiddish word similar in sound means one who goes around talking about the other fellow 's business .

For a while , they lived in a ménage á trois with the valet de chambre , but the valet was arrested as an agent provocateur , following a coup d'état manqué , which turned out to be a débacle .
for a while , they lived in a ménage á trois with the valet de chambre , but the valet was arrested as an [person] provocateur , following a coup d'état manqué , which turned out to be a débacle .

This 19th-century neologism was obviously derived directly from the -nd marker of the active gerund in Latin , which suggests the therapist ( active agent ) rather than the patient ( the recipient , the one the treatment acts upon ) .
this 19th-century neologism was obviously derived directly from the -nd marker of the active gerund in latin , which suggests the therapist ( active [person] ) rather than the patient ( the recipient , the one the treatment acts upon ) .

