-- Vital secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine , the Dreadnought , and , by implication , of the entire United States navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring , secret service agents testified today .
-- vital secrets of britain's first atomic submarine , the dreadnought , and , by implication , of the entire united states navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a london-based soviet spy ring , secret service [people] testified today .

Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , Sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' .
although federal and city narcotic [people] sometimes worked together , sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' .

Russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of Havana , Russian intrigue in the Congo , and Russian arms drops in Laos ( using the same Ilyushin transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the Congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time .
russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of havana , russian intrigue in the congo , and russian arms drops in laos ( using the same ilyushin transports that were used to carry communist [people] to the congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time .

Moreover , Col. Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' Castro agents ; ;
moreover , col. faget's information on cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' castro [people] ; ;

What they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of Dag Hammarskjold's death to turn the entire U.N. staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come .
what they have objected to is the attempt of the russians to make use of the tragedy of dag hammarskjold's death to turn the entire u.n. staff from the secretary down into political [people] of the respective countries from which they come .

The girls are kept booked and moving by several agents , notably voluble , black-bearded Murat Somay , a Manhattan Turk who is the Sol Hurok of the central abdomen .
the girls are kept booked and moving by several [people] , notably voluble , black-bearded murat somay , a manhattan turk who is the sol hurok of the central abdomen .

After all , Alger Hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta .
after all , alger hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret state department documents to soviet [people] , was at yalta .

Africans and Asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda .
africans and asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and [people] of western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda .

For Mrs. Shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau .
for mrs. shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited lee -- and her friend were [people] for the california pure food and drug inspection bureau .

Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by October , John Halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the Forks '' in rafts .
accordingly selkirk's [people] ordered the settlers to move north , and by october , john halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the forks '' in rafts .

In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests .
in answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined [people] of the cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of communism's war against the west does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests .

Water-soluble gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as thickeners , stabilizers , or dispersing agents .
water-soluble gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as thickeners , stabilizers , or dispersing [people] .

What I find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest .
what i find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the american assumption that the negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical [people] of a foreign power can rouse him to protest .

Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians .
perier attempted to understand the problem by sending [people] to inquire among the indians .

These agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods , and the prices charged the Indians .
these [people] were to ascertain the difference between english and french goods , and the prices charged the indians .

Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ;
thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business [people] who may proceed without interference or recall ; ;

Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact .
hanoverian [people] assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact .

At the order of the Dowager Electress , the Hanoverian agents , supported by the Whig leaders , demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament , thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death .
at the order of the dowager electress , the hanoverian [people] , supported by the whig leaders , demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the duke to england to sit in parliament , thus further insuring the succession by establishing a hanoverian prince in england before the queen's death .

Platoons of Hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention , and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading .
platoons of hearst [people] were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention , and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading .

Our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and retainers .
our state has been overrun with a gang of paid [people] and retainers .

Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers .
adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in england , claiming that the reports of such [people] had to be accurate because there were no newspapers .

In Patchen's eyes , organized churches are as odious as organized governments , and Christian symbols , having been taken over by the moneyed classes , are now agents of corruption .
in patchen's eyes , organized churches are as odious as organized governments , and christian symbols , having been taken over by the moneyed classes , are now [people] of corruption .

locating foreign agents , buyers , distributors , etc. ; ;
locating foreign [people] , buyers , distributors , etc. ; ;

Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment .
whenever the secretary of the treasury , or the comptroller general of the united states , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the united states , its officers , [people] , or employees with respect to such payment .

Look at Castro now -- cockier than ever with arms and agents to threaten the Americas .
look at castro now -- cockier than ever with arms and [people] to threaten the americas .

In addition , the polyphosphates are also used , probably acting more as peptizing agents than anything else .
in addition , the polyphosphates are also used , probably acting more as peptizing [people] than anything else .

It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of BW weapons systems .
it is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease [people] by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of bw weapons systems .

Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious [people] contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .

There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne .
there are optimal humidity requirements for various [people] when airborne .

Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
some [people] have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .

Agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing Q fever , tularemia , brucellosis , glanders , coccidioidomycosis , etc. , belong in this category .
[people] that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing q fever , tularemia , brucellosis , glanders , coccidioidomycosis , etc. , belong in this category .

It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
it must be remembered , however , that there are many [people] for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .

Biological agents are , of course , highly host-specific .
biological [people] are , of course , highly host-specific .

This , of course , does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease .
this , of course , does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose [people] that are associated naturally with epidemic disease .

The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices .
the major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological [people] from appropriate disseminating devices .

Biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense .
biological [people] are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense .

The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil .
the other group of antithyroid [people] or drugs is typified by thiouracil .

Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents .
although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological [people] .

The K factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0F./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used .
the k factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( b.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0f./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing [people] used .

The agents dealing with the sale of the mill say that they 've already had inquiries about the site , for a number of uses .
the [people] dealing with the sale of the mill say that they 've already had inquiries about the site , for a number of uses .

Travel agents say they 've sold out of foreign holidays as thousands head for the sun over the Easter Bank holiday .
travel [people] say they 've sold out of foreign holidays as thousands head for the sun over the easter bank holiday .

Travel agents say there 's been a last minute rush for holidays abroad … with the weather here looking distinctly dismal …
travel [people] say there 's been a last minute rush for holidays abroad … with the weather here looking distinctly dismal …

Imagination Air Travel is n't a member of the Association of British Travel Agents .
imagination air travel is n't a member of the association of british travel [people] .

Its Brighton-based insurance broker says customers should only deal with agents which are .
its brighton-based insurance broker says customers should only deal with [people] which are .

These may be trying times for estate agents but Croome Court 's still expected to go for one and a half million pounds
these may be trying times for estate [people] but croome court 's still expected to go for one and a half million pounds

But estate agents think it 's got alot going for it .
but estate [people] think it 's got alot going for it .

It might not be what the average first-time buyer had in mind , but the latest property to go in the window at Hobbs and Chambers estate agents is sure to catch the eye of passers-by .
it might not be what the average first-time buyer had in mind , but the latest property to go in the window at hobbs and chambers estate [people] is sure to catch the eye of passers-by .

The agents trying to sell the yard admit it 's unlike any other property on their books .
the [people] trying to sell the yard admit it 's unlike any other property on their books .

Estate agents concerned about return of stamp duty
estate [people] concerned about return of stamp duty

Estate agents say they are concerned by the Government 's decision to reintroduce stamp duty on new houses from August the nineteenth saying it will harm an already fragile market
estate [people] say they are concerned by the government 's decision to reintroduce stamp duty on new houses from august the nineteenth saying it will harm an already fragile market

There are 6 agents within a mile of his shop on the Abingdon Road and another outlet would seriously threaten his business .
there are 6 [people] within a mile of his shop on the abingdon road and another outlet would seriously threaten his business .

They 've given some of the business to local estate agents … but according to a leaked Government document some estimates have been inaccurate .
they 've given some of the business to local estate [people] … but according to a leaked government document some estimates have been inaccurate .

The process involves estate agents looking at a property from the outside and ticking a valuation banding on a form .
the process involves estate [people] looking at a property from the outside and ticking a valuation banding on a form .

Travel agents here say safety standards in many continental hotels are inadequate .
travel [people] here say safety standards in many continental hotels are inadequate .

The Hawkridge 's sold through the estate agents Connell … who have 174 branches , many in the Central South region … last June they completed slaes on just over fifteen hundred properties … this year it was over eighteen hundred … a twenty per cent increase … The company says the market is tiough … but their figures prove with the right approach houses do sell .
the hawkridge 's sold through the estate [people] connell … who have 174 branches , many in the central south region … last june they completed slaes on just over fifteen hundred properties … this year it was over eighteen hundred … a twenty per cent increase … the company says the market is tiough … but their figures prove with the right approach houses do sell .

Accomodation agents vanish owing thousands .
accomodation [people] vanish owing thousands .

Mark Williams advises holiday-makers to deal only with the Association of British Travel Agents — Land Travel is n't a member .
mark williams advises holiday-makers to deal only with the association of british travel [people] — land travel is n't a member .

Mark Williams advises holiday-makers to deal only with the Association of British Travel Agents — Land Travel is n't a member .
mark williams advises holiday-makers to deal only with the association of british travel [people] — land travel is n't a member .

Estate agents think it will be a very tasty morsel for an international company .
estate [people] think it will be a very tasty morsel for an international company .

cos it has to go through our advertising agents . Cos we advertise in a special format do n't we ? We have the dash lines round the box
cos it has to go through our advertising [people] . cos we advertise in a special format do n't we ? we have the dash lines round the box

disappointed with the way their agents , i.e. Quadling er have been behaving !
disappointed with the way their [people] , i.e. quadling er have been behaving !

in estate agents
in estate [people]

We 're going to go down to the travel agents
we 're going to go down to the travel [people]

Oh the estate agents .
oh the estate [people] .

You know , but now cos all tha all them estate agents that had all the boom and everything did n't they ?
you know , but now cos all tha all them estate [people] that had all the boom and everything did n't they ?

Broadstone Estate Agents , they 've been there since last .
broadstone estate [people] , they 've been there since last .

er they were agents for these papers for any news
er they were [people] for these papers for any news

Prof Robert Mansel , of the department of surgery at the University of Wales , who is working on that subject , said : ‘ There is a strong case for pursuing the role of essential fatty acids as anti-tumour agents in a wide variety of cancers .
prof robert mansel , of the department of surgery at the university of wales , who is working on that subject , said : ‘ there is a strong case for pursuing the role of essential fatty acids as anti-tumour [people] in a wide variety of cancers .

Solicitors and estate agents today reported a firm increase in interest — and more importantly in sales — since the start of the year .
solicitors and estate [people] today reported a firm increase in interest — and more importantly in sales — since the start of the year .

This will alternate between contracts put out to tender and listing companies looking for joint ventures , partners , distributors , agents and so on .
this will alternate between contracts put out to tender and listing companies looking for joint ventures , partners , distributors , [people] and so on .

Intra-EC customs clearance work , hitherto carried out mainly by agents , is no longer appropriate but both governments and industry still require statistics to be kept , particularly in the early years of the single market .
intra-ec customs clearance work , hitherto carried out mainly by [people] , is no longer appropriate but both governments and industry still require statistics to be kept , particularly in the early years of the single market .

Think how many management consultants ( agents of organisational change ) there are — 1,763 firms at the last official count — and while you could say the internal cost in terms of management person hours and midnight oil bills dwarves the external consultant fee that goes with it , it does n't leave an awful lot for the average consultancy of Runnit Downe Foryewe & Howe , even if every firm blew an assignment each .
think how many management consultants ( [people] of organisational change ) there are — 1,763 firms at the last official count — and while you could say the internal cost in terms of management person hours and midnight oil bills dwarves the external consultant fee that goes with it , it does n't leave an awful lot for the average consultancy of runnit downe foryewe & howe , even if every firm blew an assignment each .

He states : ‘ Like solicitors , estate agents generally charge only 1 per cent .
he states : ‘ like solicitors , estate [people] generally charge only 1 per cent .

In Scotland , solicitors sell more properties than estate agents and it is probable , therefore , that there are more property specialists in their ranks than he imagines .
in scotland , solicitors sell more properties than estate [people] and it is probable , therefore , that there are more property specialists in their ranks than he imagines .

That may appear less than thorough yet it is on the basis of these estimates , and those of other estate agents acting in the same way , that the Tories ' new Council Tax ( the sequel to the Poll Tax ) will be based .
that may appear less than thorough yet it is on the basis of these estimates , and those of other estate [people] acting in the same way , that the tories ' new council tax ( the sequel to the poll tax ) will be based .

In Darlington estate agents have been contracted by the Inland Revenue to calculate the value of every house in the town by the end of May .
in darlington estate [people] have been contracted by the inland revenue to calculate the value of every house in the town by the end of may .

Labour politicians fear estate agents carrying out the valuations will push prices up to benefit themselves .
labour politicians fear estate [people] carrying out the valuations will push prices up to benefit themselves .

With agents in the four principal centres of commerce Karachi , Bombay , Madras and Calcutta the company was very well-placed to benefit from the phenomenal growth of the Indian railways under British superintendence .
with [people] in the four principal centres of commerce karachi , bombay , madras and calcutta the company was very well-placed to benefit from the phenomenal growth of the indian railways under british superintendence .

Information from local estate agents shows the housing market to remain stagnant .
information from local estate [people] shows the housing market to remain stagnant .

All the candidates had to be nominated with proposers and seconders and they all have election agents . ’
all the candidates had to be nominated with proposers and seconders and they all have election [people] . ’

The result , agreed in a hard-hitting threeminute session involving no agents , or even contracts , is that my performances in the coming cricket season have a price on them .
the result , agreed in a hard-hitting threeminute session involving no [people] , or even contracts , is that my performances in the coming cricket season have a price on them .

Many draft dodgers say that bars and restaurants in Szeged , plenty of which are owned and run by Yugoslavs , are frequented by secret service agents keeping track of them .
many draft dodgers say that bars and restaurants in szeged , plenty of which are owned and run by yugoslavs , are frequented by secret service [people] keeping track of them .

She was the target of a bomb attack during her visit and French officials said they suspected Iraqi government agents .
she was the target of a bomb attack during her visit and french officials said they suspected iraqi government [people] .

Powerful stadium-style lights were turned onto the buildings where 105 followers of cult leader David Koresh have been barricaded since a shootout with men of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms on 28 February in which four federal agents were killed .
powerful stadium-style lights were turned onto the buildings where 105 followers of cult leader david koresh have been barricaded since a shootout with men of the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms on 28 february in which four federal [people] were killed .

The director general of the Building Societies Association , Mark Boleat , said the rise was encouraging and supported the reports from housebuilders and estate agents that the market had turned up since the beginning of the year .
the director general of the building societies association , mark boleat , said the rise was encouraging and supported the reports from housebuilders and estate [people] that the market had turned up since the beginning of the year .

The cult has been barricaded in a block of buildings since a shootout with federal agents on 28 February .
the cult has been barricaded in a block of buildings since a shootout with federal [people] on 28 february .

People in the Clermont Ferrand area normally get their fish from Bordeaux or Boulogne and a lot of it is actually second hand Scottish fish being bought by agents in Boulogne .
people in the clermont ferrand area normally get their fish from bordeaux or boulogne and a lot of it is actually second hand scottish fish being bought by [people] in boulogne .

Asked if he felt the cult leader , David Koresh , was manipulating agents , Mr Ricks replied : ‘ As far as being jerked around , we are not going to be jerked around . ’
asked if he felt the cult leader , david koresh , was manipulating [people] , mr ricks replied : ‘ as far as being jerked around , we are not going to be jerked around . ’

The compound has been ringed by police and federal agents since a 28 February shoot-out that erupted when agents sought to arrest Koresh for alleged firearms violations .
the compound has been ringed by police and federal [people] since a 28 february shoot-out that erupted when [people] sought to arrest koresh for alleged firearms violations .

Four federal agents and perhaps up to 15 cult members died .
four federal [people] and perhaps up to 15 cult members died .

Egyptian intelligence handed over Mahmud Abu Halima , 34 , to the Federal Bureau of Investigation agents , said a security source , and they had already left Egypt for the United States .
egyptian intelligence handed over mahmud abu halima , 34 , to the federal bureau of investigation [people] , said a security source , and they had already left egypt for the united states .

The position of estate agents , as regards fees , is not as consistent or as clear-cut as David Alves , chairman of Real estate agents , represents in his letter ( 5 March ) .
the position of estate [people] , as regards fees , is not as consistent or as clear-cut as david alves , chairman of real estate [people] , represents in his letter ( 5 march ) .

Many so-called estate agents merely place advertisements and wait for the telephone to ring , which is not a successful method , particularly in a poor market like this .
many so-called estate [people] merely place advertisements and wait for the telephone to ring , which is not a successful method , particularly in a poor market like this .

We are all familiar with the rose-tinted particulars produced by some of the less reputable estate agents .
we are all familiar with the rose-tinted particulars produced by some of the less reputable estate [people] .

Estate agents rank in public esteem with double-glazing salesmen , second-hand car dealers — behind even politicians and journalists .
estate [people] rank in public esteem with double-glazing salesmen , second-hand car dealers — behind even politicians and journalists .

What the Government is trying to do is to persuade the estate agents that they should n't give false particulars at all .
what the government is trying to do is to persuade the estate [people] that they should n't give false particulars at all .

‘ Although house prices remain weak , building society commitments and advances are stronger and both housebuilders and estate agents are now reporting increased activity .
‘ although house prices remain weak , building society commitments and advances are stronger and both housebuilders and estate [people] are now reporting increased activity .

The theory behind Sir Bryan 's thinking is that the more efficient tied agents — such as the building societies — will offer the products to consumers at lower prices than smaller and less efficient tied agents .
the theory behind sir bryan 's thinking is that the more efficient tied [people] — such as the building societies — will offer the products to consumers at lower prices than smaller and less efficient tied [people] .

But will this happen in practice ? Under the present regime , where differential pricing is forbidden , big tied agents like the Halifax , Nationwide and Leeds Permanent — taking advantage of the fact that they are powerful distribution channels with ‘ hot client bases ’ — have pushed up the commissions they receive from the life offices to which they are tied to huge levels .
but will this happen in practice ? under the present regime , where differential pricing is forbidden , big tied [people] like the halifax , nationwide and leeds permanent — taking advantage of the fact that they are powerful distribution channels with ‘ hot client bases ’ — have pushed up the commissions they receive from the life offices to which they are tied to huge levels .

The second point at issue is that while Sir Bryan wants independent financial advisers to disclose their commissions in hard-cash terms at the point of sale , he rejects the case for similar hard disclosure by tied agents because ‘ the costs would probably outweigh the usefulness ’ .
the second point at issue is that while sir bryan wants independent financial advisers to disclose their commissions in hard-cash terms at the point of sale , he rejects the case for similar hard disclosure by tied [people] because ‘ the costs would probably outweigh the usefulness ’ .

These recoveries would , in the normal way , be retained by Names ' underwriting agents to be available to discharge Names ' liabilities to their policyholders .
these recoveries would , in the normal way , be retained by names ' underwriting [people] to be available to discharge names ' liabilities to their policyholders .

At that time the Grant 's biggest market was in Sweden , thanks to partnership with local agents Tegner & Sons which dated back to 1910 .
at that time the grant 's biggest market was in sweden , thanks to partnership with local [people] tegner & sons which dated back to 1910 .

But in the opinion of one analytical chemist connected with racing , designer drugs have become big business in America and side-by-side with their development have come masking agents — innocent in themselves but if administered at the same time capable of totally wiping out any trace of them .
but in the opinion of one analytical chemist connected with racing , designer drugs have become big business in america and side-by-side with their development have come masking [people] — innocent in themselves but if administered at the same time capable of totally wiping out any trace of them .

‘ The club were given a deadline of November 29 1991 for confirmation of the terms agreed with their agents , but the agents have recently confirmed that the club no longer wish to purchase the property . ’
‘ the club were given a deadline of november 29 1991 for confirmation of the terms agreed with their [people] , but the [people] have recently confirmed that the club no longer wish to purchase the property . ’

According to letting agents Sanderson , Townend and Gilbert , retailers are queuing up to take space in the centre , which will create 300 new jobs .
according to letting [people] sanderson , townend and gilbert , retailers are queuing up to take space in the centre , which will create 300 new jobs .

The shop was closed yesterday afternoon but neighbouring estate agents Sanderson , Townend and Gilbert also have the netting on their roof .
the shop was closed yesterday afternoon but neighbouring estate [people] sanderson , townend and gilbert also have the netting on their roof .

Estate agents contracted to do the work are barred from inspecting properties in detail .
estate [people] contracted to do the work are barred from inspecting properties in detail .

Because of the timescale the estate agents being paid up to £10.95 for each house valued are thought to be rushing the work .
because of the timescale the estate [people] being paid up to £10.95 for each house valued are thought to be rushing the work .

He said : ‘ Using estate agents to do this work is dangerous because they have a vested interest in giving high property values . ’
he said : ‘ using estate [people] to do this work is dangerous because they have a vested interest in giving high property values . ’

‘ We ca n't afford a system which would allow estate agents to do valuations without even getting out of their cars . ’
‘ we ca n't afford a system which would allow estate [people] to do valuations without even getting out of their cars . ’

Darlington 's Labour prospective Parliamentary candidate , Alan Milburn , said : ‘ It is not fair to blame the estate agents .
darlington 's labour prospective parliamentary candidate , alan milburn , said : ‘ it is not fair to blame the estate [people] .

Estate agents have been asked to place houses in one of eight value categories .
estate [people] have been asked to place houses in one of eight value categories .

Mr Bergg said he did not want to see law breaking but he believed home owners should use the system to insist on fair valuations which had not been rushed through by estate agents .
mr bergg said he did not want to see law breaking but he believed home owners should use the system to insist on fair valuations which had not been rushed through by estate [people] .

His agents leaned on lowly college professors to stay away from groups Hoover did n't like ; otherwise their files went to their colleges , full of raw gossip .
his [people] leaned on lowly college professors to stay away from groups hoover did n't like ; otherwise their files went to their colleges , full of raw gossip .

Hoover was certainly , Summers shows , spectacularly indifferent to those straight arrow standards he set for his agents .
hoover was certainly , summers shows , spectacularly indifferent to those straight arrow standards he set for his [people] .

For that , he needed not just hundreds of incorruptible field agents writing down what they overheard , but also analysts able to detect when people were joking ; some of the oddest accusations , like Eleanor Roosevelt 's supposed affair with two lefty trades unionists , come from the agents ' innocence of dirty jokes .
for that , he needed not just hundreds of incorruptible field [people] writing down what they overheard , but also analysts able to detect when people were joking ; some of the oddest accusations , like eleanor roosevelt 's supposed affair with two lefty trades unionists , come from the [people] ' innocence of dirty jokes .

However , Mr Chris Noble , of Sanderson Townend and Gilbert , the agents letting the units , said two applications for the unit were received within a day of the Rumbelows announcement .
however , mr chris noble , of sanderson townend and gilbert , the [people] letting the units , said two applications for the unit were received within a day of the rumbelows announcement .

It 's of a bunch of undertalented and over paid money grabbers who are motivated more by agents than managers .
it 's of a bunch of undertalented and over paid money grabbers who are motivated more by [people] than managers .

Under the deal , mortgage holders have to take out house insurance with approved council agents .
under the deal , mortgage holders have to take out house insurance with approved council [people] .

Peter Rice at agents Richard Ellis/Hepper Robinson in Liverpool said : ‘ This virtually new production facility is one of the most up to date in the northwest and will have special appeal to manufacturers requiring sprinklers and the other fire safety features .
peter rice at [people] richard ellis/hepper robinson in liverpool said : ‘ this virtually new production facility is one of the most up to date in the northwest and will have special appeal to manufacturers requiring sprinklers and the other fire safety features .

Exact details of the prices being asked are available from the agents .
exact details of the prices being asked are available from the [people] .

Agents Mathews and Goodman are looking for rents of around ££10 a sq ft for space in Martin 's Building as it becomes free for letting with a range of suites up to 14,000 sq ft being available .
[people] mathews and goodman are looking for rents of around ££10 a sq ft for space in martin 's building as it becomes free for letting with a range of suites up to 14,000 sq ft being available .

Sams , 51 , of Barrel Hill Road , Sutton on Trent , Notts , admits kidnapping Miss Slater in January , 1992 , unlawfully imprisoning her and demanding £175,000 with menaces from her then employers , Shipways Estate Agents , of Birmingham .
sams , 51 , of barrel hill road , sutton on trent , notts , admits kidnapping miss slater in january , 1992 , unlawfully imprisoning her and demanding £175,000 with menaces from her then employers , shipways estate [people] , of birmingham .

And selling agents , Eric Cairns Partnership are hopeful that a deal will be clinched within a matter of days .
and selling [people] , eric cairns partnership are hopeful that a deal will be clinched within a matter of days .

Agents at Kamrok are now busy canvassing outlets throughout the country using all the wit and crudity to push card sales even higher .
[people] at kamrok are now busy canvassing outlets throughout the country using all the wit and crudity to push card sales even higher .

She and her volunteers did well , visiting many homes in our area as agents for Christian Aid .
she and her volunteers did well , visiting many homes in our area as [people] for christian aid .

‘ Try the land agents .
‘ try the land [people] .

It was fifteen days before Isambard 's inconspicuous agents in Pool and about the hospitable courtyard of Strata Marcella picked up traces of the Welsh marauders .
it was fifteen days before isambard 's inconspicuous [people] in pool and about the hospitable courtyard of strata marcella picked up traces of the welsh marauders .

He maintains that it would provide greater certainty for economic agents as to the governments likely policy reasons ; the government could establish/maintain a reputation for consistency and commitment .
he maintains that it would provide greater certainty for economic [people] as to the governments likely policy reasons ; the government could establish/maintain a reputation for consistency and commitment .

An ombudsman and arbitration procedure be set up for disputes between names and Lloyd 's , and between names and agents
an ombudsman and arbitration procedure be set up for disputes between names and lloyd 's , and between names and [people]

Most labour directors have resolved this conflict by operating as responsible managers rather than as worker agents per se .
most labour directors have resolved this conflict by operating as responsible managers rather than as worker [people] per se .

The supergun first came to light two years ago at Tees Dock , Middlesbrough , where Customs agents seized a shipment of giant steel tubes destined for Iraq .
the supergun first came to light two years ago at tees dock , middlesbrough , where customs [people] seized a shipment of giant steel tubes destined for iraq .

Airtours buys travel agents
airtours buys travel [people]

Last September Airtours bought the Pickfords Travel Service business in a deal which established it as a fully integrated holiday company with an airline , tour operations and travel agents .
last september airtours bought the pickfords travel service business in a deal which established it as a fully integrated holiday company with an airline , tour operations and travel [people] .

Unfortunately most agents are more than willing to bow to pressure from landlords and tenants who insist that confidentiality clauses are inserted into any deal , no matter how small .
unfortunately most [people] are more than willing to bow to pressure from landlords and tenants who insist that confidentiality clauses are inserted into any deal , no matter how small .

But the bald statement that a garage has been sold in Middlesbrough is neither a news story , nor of any help to agents working in the market who need to know such details .
but the bald statement that a garage has been sold in middlesbrough is neither a news story , nor of any help to [people] working in the market who need to know such details .

Twenty five senior managers of the New York branch of the American Society of Travel Agents are spending four days in the region , Cumbria and Chester .
twenty five senior managers of the new york branch of the american society of travel [people] are spending four days in the region , cumbria and chester .

‘ It is not growing , but it is being maintained with growth agents .
‘ it is not growing , but it is being maintained with growth [people] .

Players ' agents and satellite salesmen will be rubbing their hands with glee .
players ' [people] and satellite salesmen will be rubbing their hands with glee .

The Durham Concert Secretaries Federation which works in conjunction with the clubs , artists and agents , is always on the look-out for new member clubs .
the durham concert secretaries federation which works in conjunction with the clubs , artists and [people] , is always on the look-out for new member clubs .

The one percent cut in interest rates has been welcomed by estate agents in the region .
the one percent cut in interest rates has been welcomed by estate [people] in the region .

But for today at least estate agents , and home buyers are celebrating .
but for today at least estate [people] , and home buyers are celebrating .

Province 's travel agents reply to Which ? criticism
province 's travel [people] reply to which ? criticism

The chairman of the Northern Ireland Association of British Travel Agents , Ailbe McMurray , defended the record of local firms after Holiday Which magazine attacked some British agents ' performance .
the chairman of the northern ireland association of british travel [people] , ailbe mcmurray , defended the record of local firms after holiday which magazine attacked some british [people] ' performance .

Thomson , Airtours and Owners Abroad control more than half the entire British package-holiday market and all own or have links with chains of high street travel agents .
thomson , airtours and owners abroad control more than half the entire british package-holiday market and all own or have links with chains of high street travel [people] .

The magazine claimed that in 37pc of the multiple travel agents visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .
the magazine claimed that in 37pc of the multiple travel [people] visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .

However , independent agents were much less likely to plug the three main tour-operators .
however , independent [people] were much less likely to plug the three main tour-operators .

‘ We do n't have Thomson and although Airtours have bought Aspro they do n't actually have any travel agents here , ’ he said .
‘ we do n't have thomson and although airtours have bought aspro they do n't actually have any travel [people] here , ’ he said .

‘ Generally people here can expect more-balanced advice on the best holiday for them and a wider choice than from many mainland agents . ’
‘ generally people here can expect more-balanced advice on the best holiday for them and a wider choice than from many mainland [people] . ’

In a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel agents should give independent advice regardless of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .
in a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel [people] should give independent advice regardless of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .

says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel agents and the tour operators .
says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel [people] and the tour operators .

The Office of Fair Trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel agents are using their muscle to restrict customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .
the office of fair trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel [people] are using their muscle to restrict customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .

The Foreign office and travel agents are now warning tourist never to resist muggers .
the foreign office and travel [people] are now warning tourist never to resist muggers .

And travel agents are currently giving clients this advice …
and travel [people] are currently giving clients this advice …

Estate agents are cautious about taking the profit rise as a sign the slump in house sales is over . But they 're hopeful things will pick up :
estate [people] are cautious about taking the profit rise as a sign the slump in house sales is over . but they 're hopeful things will pick up :

Letting agents Whelan Best believe that Heritage Plaza is ideally suited to a wide variety of retailers , including the owners of gift shops , bookshops , craft shops , antique and fashion and accessory outlets .
letting [people] whelan best believe that heritage plaza is ideally suited to a wide variety of retailers , including the owners of gift shops , bookshops , craft shops , antique and fashion and accessory outlets .

The travel agents have even had to return cheques and cash that have been sent in as deposits to secure places on the proposed flights .
the travel [people] have even had to return cheques and cash that have been sent in as deposits to secure places on the proposed flights .

Province 's travel agents reply to Which ? criticism
province 's travel [people] reply to which ? criticism

The chairman of the Northern Ireland Association of British Travel Agents , Ailbe McMurray , defended the record of local firms after Holiday Which magazine attacked some British agents ' performance .
the chairman of the northern ireland association of british travel [people] , ailbe mcmurray , defended the record of local firms after holiday which magazine attacked some british [people] ' performance .

Thomson , Airtours and Owners Abroad control more than half the entire British package-holiday market and all own or have links with chains of high street travel agents .
thomson , airtours and owners abroad control more than half the entire british package-holiday market and all own or have links with chains of high street travel [people] .

The magazine claimed that in 37pc of the multiple travel agents visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .
the magazine claimed that in 37pc of the multiple travel [people] visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .

However , independent agents were much less likely to plug the three main tour-operators .
however , independent [people] were much less likely to plug the three main tour-operators .

‘ We do n't have Thomson and although Airtours have bought Aspro they do n't actually have any travel agents here , ’ he said .
‘ we do n't have thomson and although airtours have bought aspro they do n't actually have any travel [people] here , ’ he said .

‘ Generally people here can expect more-balanced advice on the best holiday for them and a wider choice than from many mainland agents . ’
‘ generally people here can expect more-balanced advice on the best holiday for them and a wider choice than from many mainland [people] . ’

In a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel agents should give independent advice regardless of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .
in a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel [people] should give independent advice regardless of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .

says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel agents and the tour operators .
says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel [people] and the tour operators .

The Office of Fair Trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel agents are using their muscle to restrict customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .
the office of fair trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel [people] are using their muscle to restrict customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .

What do you feel about the contributions of the voluntary agents like Oxfam or Christian Aid in terms of disasters ?
what do you feel about the contributions of the voluntary [people] like oxfam or christian aid in terms of disasters ?

These agents are unfortunately fairly easy to come by and the Iraqis have already proven themselves to be masters of er subversive acquisition , er given that they are also now fired with a certain amount of fundamentalism , and should they find their backs to the wall , that even be accelerated .
these [people] are unfortunately fairly easy to come by and the iraqis have already proven themselves to be masters of er subversive acquisition , er given that they are also now fired with a certain amount of fundamentalism , and should they find their backs to the wall , that even be accelerated .

That 's Alan Spong , who 's a director of Lunn Poly , one of the leading travel agents in this country .
that 's alan spong , who 's a director of lunn poly , one of the leading travel [people] in this country .

We must get the situation straight that the County Council is the ruling authority , we are only a subsidiary as a county and we get our problems on our traffic and our highways as we are only agents to the County Council , and the County Council control the education of Social Services .
we must get the situation straight that the county council is the ruling authority , we are only a subsidiary as a county and we get our problems on our traffic and our highways as we are only [people] to the county council , and the county council control the education of social services .

Shipping agents are alarmed at the consequences of any strike .
shipping [people] are alarmed at the consequences of any strike .

His special offer comes as estate agents say it 's a good time to buy but high interest rates are making it difficult to sell .
his special offer comes as estate [people] say it 's a good time to buy but high interest rates are making it difficult to sell .

Travel agents
travel [people]

Travel agents
travel [people]

But now a lot of work is being carried out in this area ; in future the use of biological agents for control will be far more widespread and the use of chemicals reduced even further .
but now a lot of work is being carried out in this area ; in future the use of biological [people] for control will be far more widespread and the use of chemicals reduced even further .

This has allowed the company to develop sales through local agents .
this has allowed the company to develop sales through local [people] .

While Dexel trades with most of the Far East countries , using a network of agents , it has targeted China as a major growth area .
while dexel trades with most of the far east countries , using a network of [people] , it has targeted china as a major growth area .

‘ Presumably if they buy it , their agents will invite bids from companies for its dismantling , ’ he said .
‘ presumably if they buy it , their [people] will invite bids from companies for its dismantling , ’ he said .

Agents for Hafodunos Estates , who own the site of a mineral water spring , yesterday confirmed they were negotiating with a view to getting a project off the ground next year .
[people] for hafodunos estates , who own the site of a mineral water spring , yesterday confirmed they were negotiating with a view to getting a project off the ground next year .

Yesterday , a spokesman for the Shrewsbury-based agents acting for Hafodunos Estates said discussions were continuing .
yesterday , a spokesman for the shrewsbury-based [people] acting for hafodunos estates said discussions were continuing .

The estate is owned by Commercial Union Properties , with Richard Ellis/Hepper Robinson in Liverpool as sole agents .
the estate is owned by commercial union properties , with richard ellis/hepper robinson in liverpool as sole [people] .

There is still good demand for retail units in Mold , the agents suggest , at sensible rentals and premiums .
there is still good demand for retail units in mold , the [people] suggest , at sensible rentals and premiums .

Funding is being sought from private and public sectors to establish a network of local agents to form close contacts with businesses and employers , particularly those using Welsh for work experience and recruitment .
funding is being sought from private and public sectors to establish a network of local [people] to form close contacts with businesses and employers , particularly those using welsh for work experience and recruitment .

Agents : Whitegates .
[people] : whitegates .

Agents : Thompson Sloan .
[people] : thompson sloan .

Agents : Berkeley Kersh .
[people] : berkeley kersh .

Players ' agents must take most of the blame for this debilitating soccer illness .
players ' [people] must take most of the blame for this debilitating soccer illness .

The two main economic agents in the flow diagram are households and firms .
the two main economic [people] in the flow diagram are households and firms .

Aggregate demand = Aggregate supply Only when this condition is satisfied can we say that the total value of goods and services that households and the other economic agents want to buy is equal to the total value that firms want to produce .
aggregate demand = aggregate supply only when this condition is satisfied can we say that the total value of goods and services that households and the other economic [people] want to buy is equal to the total value that firms want to produce .

The term ‘ functional methacrylates ’ embraces a wide variety of methacrylic esters with a wide range of important industrial uses — in surface coatings , adhesives and printing inks , as oil additives and as flocculating agents in the treatment of sewage and industrial effluent .
the term ‘ functional methacrylates ’ embraces a wide variety of methacrylic esters with a wide range of important industrial uses — in surface coatings , adhesives and printing inks , as oil additives and as flocculating [people] in the treatment of sewage and industrial effluent .

Tygavac sales are generated throughout Europe by agents and distributors , with all materials being supplied from Littleborough .
tygavac sales are generated throughout europe by [people] and distributors , with all materials being supplied from littleborough .

Before then Courtaulds had worked through agents , supplying fibre to customers such as Luserna , of Turin , who first bought viscose rayon in 1947 and are still on the company 's books .
before then courtaulds had worked through [people] , supplying fibre to customers such as luserna , of turin , who first bought viscose rayon in 1947 and are still on the company 's books .

examine different selling approaches , including brokers and agents ;
examine different selling approaches , including brokers and [people] ;

It has been estimated that agents and distributors alone , acting on behalf of overseas companies , handle over half of the world 's overseas trade .
it has been estimated that [people] and distributors alone , acting on behalf of overseas companies , handle over half of the world 's overseas trade .

The most common form of agency is where the agents , acting as independent operators , obtain orders on behalf of the exporter on a commission basis and the exporter acts as principal .
the most common form of agency is where the [people] , acting as independent operators , obtain orders on behalf of the exporter on a commission basis and the exporter acts as principal .

Agents also work on behalf of purchasers and some specialise in certain tasks , e.g .
[people] also work on behalf of purchasers and some specialise in certain tasks , e.g .

Agents are often key figures in a firm 's overseas operations and success overseas will depend on the ability and commitment of the agent .
[people] are often key figures in a firm 's overseas operations and success overseas will depend on the ability and commitment of the agent .

Agents are usually appointed for a trial period at first , with extensions to the contract after that .
[people] are usually appointed for a trial period at first , with extensions to the contract after that .

The training of agents is important to indirect selling in overseas markets , particularly if the products are technically complex .
the training of [people] is important to indirect selling in overseas markets , particularly if the products are technically complex .

Such meetings will also have a social function , bringing agents together for a few days to exchange ideas , discuss common problems and be made to feel part of the company .
such meetings will also have a social function , bringing [people] together for a few days to exchange ideas , discuss common problems and be made to feel part of the company .

In many cases , agents feel insecure because companies often regard them as being a temporary method of servicing overseas markets .
in many cases , [people] feel insecure because companies often regard them as being a temporary method of servicing overseas markets .

Once the market expands and matures , many companies dismiss their agents and enter direct selling or open a subsidiary company .
once the market expands and matures , many companies dismiss their [people] and enter direct selling or open a subsidiary company .

In anticipation of this eventuality , agents sometimes collect a large number of agencies , resulting in a diffusion of effort and possible conflict of interests .
in anticipation of this eventuality , [people] sometimes collect a large number of agencies , resulting in a diffusion of effort and possible conflict of interests .

Thus , fair treatment of agents and ex-agents cultivates a reputation as a good and fair employer and this , in turn , will probably be reflected in future dealings in that country .
thus , fair treatment of [people] and ex-agents cultivates a reputation as a good and fair employer and this , in turn , will probably be reflected in future dealings in that country .

As with agents , it is important for the manufacturer to develop a good working relationship with the overseas distributor as commitment to the commercial relationship is needed from both sides .
as with [people] , it is important for the manufacturer to develop a good working relationship with the overseas distributor as commitment to the commercial relationship is needed from both sides .

Similar to agents , distributors can be used in an information gathering capacity to report on trends and developments in the market place .
similar to [people] , distributors can be used in an information gathering capacity to report on trends and developments in the market place .

In such markets , direct selling or control of agents or distributors might be impractical , or it may be the case that import duties or other non-tariff barriers might present obstacles to exporters .
in such markets , direct selling or control of [people] or distributors might be impractical , or it may be the case that import duties or other non-tariff barriers might present obstacles to exporters .

Export houses are usually home-based organisations which carry out some or all of the overseas activities in place of the manufacturer , often using their own agents , distributors or other intermediary .
export houses are usually home-based organisations which carry out some or all of the overseas activities in place of the manufacturer , often using their own [people] , distributors or other intermediary .

Help in selecting agents , distributors and dealers .
help in selecting [people] , distributors and dealers .

The selling subsidiary usually replaces agents and distributors with the company 's own permanent staff .
the selling subsidiary usually replaces [people] and distributors with the company 's own permanent staff .

It may be prudent for a firm to gain experience in the market through agents and distributors before venturing directly into setting up a manufacturing subsidiary .
it may be prudent for a firm to gain experience in the market through [people] and distributors before venturing directly into setting up a manufacturing subsidiary .

Different types of organisation for international selling were considered , including agents , distributors , licensing and export houses under indirect methods .
different types of organisation for international selling were considered , including [people] , distributors , licensing and export houses under indirect methods .

Got to see the estate agents and see if we can view something today .
got to see the estate [people] and see if we can view something today .

We 've been in we 've been in the estate agents and
we 've been in we 've been in the estate [people] and

Yeah well they 're agents for Bradley , Bradford and Bingley
yeah well they 're [people] for bradley , bradford and bingley

We 're popping in to estate agents .
we 're popping in to estate [people] .

We 're going to estate agents but we thought
we 're going to estate [people] but we thought

Estate agents Gateway , doctors .
estate [people] gateway , doctors .

agents then ?
[people] then ?

We 've got ta go and see the estate agents as well .
we 've got ta go and see the estate [people] as well .

It is a problem estate agents ' name , look as though it
it is a problem estate [people] ' name , look as though it

The glass house at the ? Did he buy it or did the agents ?
the glass house at the ? did he buy it or did the [people] ?

parcel them out amongst the estate agents .
parcel them out amongst the estate [people] .

And the estate agents do n't want to know .
and the estate [people] do n't want to know .

The estate agents ?
the estate [people] ?

from the estate agents .
from the estate [people] .

This has bred a thinner , less sophisticated coverage of the game , exposed to the manipulation of agents , publicity officers and gimmicks .
this has bred a thinner , less sophisticated coverage of the game , exposed to the manipulation of [people] , publicity officers and gimmicks .

That came about through my agents , Session Connection .
that came about through my [people] , session connection .

Dustin was the first actor to receive the script , and he immediately accepted the role of the miserable gammy-legged sleazeball Rizzo , against the advice of friends and agents .
dustin was the first actor to receive the script , and he immediately accepted the role of the miserable gammy-legged sleazeball rizzo , against the advice of friends and [people] .

Browne administered the Tanganyika Masai through Swahili-speaking Masai agents whom he brought down from Kenya and deployed in ineffable ways .
browne administered the tanganyika masai through swahili-speaking masai [people] whom he brought down from kenya and deployed in ineffable ways .

Like Browne before him , Murrells conducted his business mainly through Masai agents ; he liked to refer cryptically in his reports to mysterious private sources of information .
like browne before him , murrells conducted his business mainly through masai [people] ; he liked to refer cryptically in his reports to mysterious private sources of information .

In expanding their empire , the British had habitually sought out local agents through whom to impose their authority , and though these arrangements often broke down after the initial period of contact , sometimes they did not .
in expanding their empire , the british had habitually sought out local [people] through whom to impose their authority , and though these arrangements often broke down after the initial period of contact , sometimes they did not .

The many village shops have closed and reopened as video or betting shops , or estate agents .
the many village shops have closed and reopened as video or betting shops , or estate [people] .

It is specifically aimed at inactivating and destroying invading infectious agents ( bacteria , viruses and other parasites ) and with neutralizing some types of toxins ( poisons ) .
it is specifically aimed at inactivating and destroying invading infectious [people] ( bacteria , viruses and other parasites ) and with neutralizing some types of toxins ( poisons ) .

To his surprise Hahnemann discovered that remedies prepared in this way often became more powerful therapeutic agents than the original starting materials — a purely empirical observation .
to his surprise hahnemann discovered that remedies prepared in this way often became more powerful therapeutic [people] than the original starting materials — a purely empirical observation .

Hahnemann therefore named diluting and succussing his solutions ‘ potentization ’ , since this process increased the potency or power of the therapeutic agents .
hahnemann therefore named diluting and succussing his solutions ‘ potentization ’ , since this process increased the potency or power of the therapeutic [people] .

In this connection it is interesting that high temperatures , strong sunlight and certain types of radiation destroy homoeopathic potencies , and that these are agents which are known to destroy long-chain polymers .
in this connection it is interesting that high temperatures , strong sunlight and certain types of radiation destroy homoeopathic potencies , and that these are [people] which are known to destroy long-chain polymers .

External factors include pollution of the environment — the air , water , soil and food ; infectious agents such as bacteria , viruses and other parasites ; the sort of work we do , which can give rise to postural problems ; the people we work and live with ; the amount of exercise we take ; the amount of fresh air we breathe ; the amount of rest , relaxation and sleep we get , and so on .
external factors include pollution of the environment — the air , water , soil and food ; infectious [people] such as bacteria , viruses and other parasites ; the sort of work we do , which can give rise to postural problems ; the people we work and live with ; the amount of exercise we take ; the amount of fresh air we breathe ; the amount of rest , relaxation and sleep we get , and so on .

Fluoride is a powerful enzyme poison , inhibiting a number of vital enzymes in the body and causing considerable stress to our immune systems — the first line of defence against infections and other harmful environmental agents .
fluoride is a powerful enzyme poison , inhibiting a number of vital enzymes in the body and causing considerable stress to our immune systems — the first line of defence against infections and other harmful environmental [people] .

make ordinary people even more dependent upon the state for protection against ‘ lawlessness ’ and the rising tidal wave of crime , even though it is the state and its agents who are often directly and indirectly victimizing ordinary people .
make ordinary people even more dependent upon the state for protection against ‘ lawlessness ’ and the rising tidal wave of crime , even though it is the state and its [people] who are often directly and indirectly victimizing ordinary people .

Organizations per se do not plan , think , or act ; there are human agents eagerly willing to accomplish these in its good name .
organizations per se do not plan , think , or act ; there are human [people] eagerly willing to accomplish these in its good name .

For readers who live in the Republic of Ireland and want to book , just phone one of Butlin 's Dublin agents .
for readers who live in the republic of ireland and want to book , just phone one of butlin 's dublin [people] .

Hundreds of customers could lose their bookings because the company was not a member of the Association of British Travel Agents .
hundreds of customers could lose their bookings because the company was not a member of the association of british travel [people] .

It is offered for sale by estate agents Knight , Frank and Rutley who expect it to fetch between £1m and £2m .
it is offered for sale by estate [people] knight , frank and rutley who expect it to fetch between £1m and £2m .

Half of Britain 's estate agents saw prices fall during the last three months .
half of britain 's estate [people] saw prices fall during the last three months .

The Association of British Travel Agents said its members were moving hundreds of British tourists to safety in Orlando .
the association of british travel [people] said its members were moving hundreds of british tourists to safety in orlando .

‘ It just shows that no one is immune from the property slump , ’ said David Hare , president of the National Association of Estate Agents .
‘ it just shows that no one is immune from the property slump , ’ said david hare , president of the national association of estate [people] .

The Association of British Travel Agents said : ‘ Favourite destinations are in the Mediterranean . ’
the association of british travel [people] said : ‘ favourite destinations are in the mediterranean . ’

Tickets , priced £9 in London and £8 elsewhere are available from usual agents or by post : .
tickets , priced £9 in london and £8 elsewhere are available from usual [people] or by post : .

‘ We paid their agents ’ asking price — unless the agents asked too much , ’ Peter says .
‘ we paid their [people] ’ asking price — unless the [people] asked too much , ’ peter says .

Compare brochures and shop around on price — many agents discount as much as £200-£300 on brochure prices .
compare brochures and shop around on price — many [people] discount as much as £200-£300 on brochure prices .

He had moved in and taken the stuffiness out of the business , slaughtering its ‘ professional ’ pretensions , and bringing it on to the High Street long before the present new wave of trendy estate agents .
he had moved in and taken the stuffiness out of the business , slaughtering its ‘ professional ’ pretensions , and bringing it on to the high street long before the present new wave of trendy estate [people] .

The relocation allowances package covered such items as : legal expenses ; the cost of a structural survey ; stamp duty ; estate agents ' fees ; removal expenses ; the cost of two visits by the family to view accommodation ( this covered travelling and accommodation costs ) ; and a disturbance allowance of up to two months ' salary .
the relocation allowances package covered such items as : legal expenses ; the cost of a structural survey ; stamp duty ; estate [people] ' fees ; removal expenses ; the cost of two visits by the family to view accommodation ( this covered travelling and accommodation costs ) ; and a disturbance allowance of up to two months ' salary .

The resulting package included the reimbursement of such items as : estate agents ' , legal and survey fees ; removal expenses ; and the cost of new school uniforms .
the resulting package included the reimbursement of such items as : estate [people] ' , legal and survey fees ; removal expenses ; and the cost of new school uniforms .

Staff relocating with Sun Life received the cost of : legal and estate agents ' fees for the sale of the old property plus the legal fees , stamp duty and surveyors ' fees paid in respect of the new property .
staff relocating with sun life received the cost of : legal and estate [people] ' fees for the sale of the old property plus the legal fees , stamp duty and surveyors ' fees paid in respect of the new property .

They have well-defined written policies providing relocation assistance covering : house expenses incurred ( legal and estate agents ' fees , surveys , land registry fees , stamp duty , etc . )
they have well-defined written policies providing relocation assistance covering : house expenses incurred ( legal and estate [people] ' fees , surveys , land registry fees , stamp duty , etc . )

Estate agents ' fees ;
estate [people] ' fees ;

Advertising or auctioneer 's charges ( if estate agents are not used ) ;
advertising or auctioneer 's charges ( if estate [people] are not used ) ;

For example , Brown & Root pays for estate agents ' fees and legal charges up to a maximum of three months ' gross salary .
for example , brown & root pays for estate [people] ' fees and legal charges up to a maximum of three months ' gross salary .

For new recruits who are selling their old property and are buying a new home , Hambro Life pays : the cost of moving to the new area ; a disturbance allowance of one month 's salary ( half paid when the employee joins the firm , the balance when the sale and purchase are completed ) ; two weekends at the company 's expense to look for accommodation ; estate agents ' , surveyors ' , building society and legal fees , including stamp duty and an allowance of £150 per month towards the cost of accommodation and/or fares for a maximum period of three months .
for new recruits who are selling their old property and are buying a new home , hambro life pays : the cost of moving to the new area ; a disturbance allowance of one month 's salary ( half paid when the employee joins the firm , the balance when the sale and purchase are completed ) ; two weekends at the company 's expense to look for accommodation ; estate [people] ' , surveyors ' , building society and legal fees , including stamp duty and an allowance of £150 per month towards the cost of accommodation and/or fares for a maximum period of three months .

The rent charged should be enough to cover mortgage , rates , repairs and agents ' fees as well as tax but even this modest target may not be reached in many places without risk of taking in the wrong kind of tenant .
the rent charged should be enough to cover mortgage , rates , repairs and [people] ' fees as well as tax but even this modest target may not be reached in many places without risk of taking in the wrong kind of tenant .

Briefing should advise employees to discuss their situations with managing agents/estate agents who can provide information on current rents and vet prospective tenants .
briefing should advise employees to discuss their situations with managing agents/estate [people] who can provide information on current rents and vet prospective tenants .

Allowances and benefits arranged and paid for by the employer prior to departure include : medical examinations ; inoculations ; passports ; visas ; work permits ; travel to point of departure ; hotel accommodation ; housing costs ( agents ' fees , etc. ) ; car compensation ( as in the case of an enforced sale ) ; outfit allowance and language tuition .
allowances and benefits arranged and paid for by the employer prior to departure include : medical examinations ; inoculations ; passports ; visas ; work permits ; travel to point of departure ; hotel accommodation ; housing costs ( [people] ' fees , etc. ) ; car compensation ( as in the case of an enforced sale ) ; outfit allowance and language tuition .

It is not possible to evade the prohibition of asphyxiating , poisonous and other gases simply by calling the weapons ‘ control agents and herbicides ’ .
it is not possible to evade the prohibition of asphyxiating , poisonous and other gases simply by calling the weapons ‘ control [people] and herbicides ’ .

We begin by finding out exactly what 's going on — what films and plays are due to open , books to be published , records to be released , and we keep in touch with agents and promotion companies and keep tabs on where the big celebrities are in the world .
we begin by finding out exactly what 's going on — what films and plays are due to open , books to be published , records to be released , and we keep in touch with [people] and promotion companies and keep tabs on where the big celebrities are in the world .

Usually , parliamentary agents specialising in Private Bills will have been employed .
usually , parliamentary [people] specialising in private bills will have been employed .

These agents ( or otherwise a promoter ) must appear before the Examiners and satisfy them that the Standing Order requirements about giving notice to objectors ( i.e .
these [people] ( or otherwise a promoter ) must appear before the examiners and satisfy them that the standing order requirements about giving notice to objectors ( i.e .

There were small hotels smelling of spunk and disinfectant , Australian travel agents , all-night shops run by dwarfish Bengalis , leather bars with fat moustached queens exchanging secret signals outside , and roaming strangers with no money and searching eyes .
there were small hotels smelling of spunk and disinfectant , australian travel [people] , all-night shops run by dwarfish bengalis , leather bars with fat moustached queens exchanging secret signals outside , and roaming strangers with no money and searching eyes .

Estate agents Woodroffe Walter , of Horncastle , say that the bus has been ‘ beautifully converted ’ and list central heating , a flush toilet and a cast iron bath among its many features .
estate [people] woodroffe walter , of horncastle , say that the bus has been ‘ beautifully converted ’ and list central heating , a flush toilet and a cast iron bath among its many features .

From the opening session of elaborate boxing and coxing by agents and briefcases in , out and around swimming pool changing cubicles with almost balletic precision , the pace hardly drops .
from the opening session of elaborate boxing and coxing by [people] and briefcases in , out and around swimming pool changing cubicles with almost balletic precision , the pace hardly drops .

Artists ' Materials — Which , Why and How is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding agents used in each particular medium .
artists ' materials — which , why and how is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding [people] used in each particular medium .

Teachers , it was felt , were the guardians of a politically free curriculum : if they lost their entitlement to control the learning experiences of pupils , not only would their own professionalism be undermined , but , worse , schools could easily become the agents for transmitting ‘ state-approved knowledge ’ .
teachers , it was felt , were the guardians of a politically free curriculum : if they lost their entitlement to control the learning experiences of pupils , not only would their own professionalism be undermined , but , worse , schools could easily become the [people] for transmitting ‘ state-approved knowledge ’ .

Western agents — including our own — have verified they have simply vanished .
western [people] — including our own — have verified they have simply vanished .

‘ It does look as though some top Communist agents in the security services in various East European countries-have vanished into thin air .
‘ it does look as though some top communist [people] in the security services in various east european countries-have vanished into thin air .

And we now have fifty agents of different nationalities , all highly trained in the skills taught at the special place .
and we now have fifty [people] of different nationalities , all highly trained in the skills taught at the special place .

‘ And , ’ Galvone continued , ‘ are those agents allocated to treat liberal elements holding positions of influence yet on their way ? ’
‘ and , ’ galvone continued , ‘ are those [people] allocated to treat liberal elements holding positions of influence yet on their way ? ’

‘ Ask him when the agents in place will start the anti-liberal operation ? ’ Hauser whispered again .
‘ ask him when the [people] in place will start the anti-liberal operation ? ’ hauser whispered again .

Daemons moved with them , sustained by the fresh tides of life-giving magic , and everywhere the agents of Chaos became powerful .
daemons moved with them , sustained by the fresh tides of life-giving magic , and everywhere the [people] of chaos became powerful .

Fly Delta from Gatwick to Cincinnati or Atlanta and once you 're through the convenient immigration and customs , you 'll be greeted by Delta Passenger Service Agents .
fly delta from gatwick to cincinnati or atlanta and once you 're through the convenient immigration and customs , you 'll be greeted by delta passenger service [people] .

Bayer now supplies the paint industry with binding agents which only need a small proportion of solvents and in some cases no solvents at all .
bayer now supplies the paint industry with binding [people] which only need a small proportion of solvents and in some cases no solvents at all .

The first Yachting World Cruising Club departure will be on 7 March 1991 to Penang and the Langkawi Islands , a charter organised by Marinair Yacht Charter Services who are agents for Pelangi Cruises in Malaysia .
the first yachting world cruising club departure will be on 7 march 1991 to penang and the langkawi islands , a charter organised by marinair yacht charter services who are [people] for pelangi cruises in malaysia .

That unrivalled reputation is supported with plants in both the United Kingdom and the United States where Stoway Masts ( in-mast furling ) , Stobooms ( in-boom furling ) and Seafurls ( manual and hydraulic headsail furling systems ) are manufactured and assembled , backed up by our network of agents in Europe and across the world .
that unrivalled reputation is supported with plants in both the united kingdom and the united states where stoway masts ( in-mast furling ) , stobooms ( in-boom furling ) and seafurls ( manual and hydraulic headsail furling systems ) are manufactured and assembled , backed up by our network of [people] in europe and across the world .

‘ This is not only a boost for first-time buyers , ’ said Colin Girling , a regional spokesman for the National Association of Estate Agents , ‘ but it is a boost for many second-time buyers , as well , now that house prices have come down so much . ’
‘ this is not only a boost for first-time buyers , ’ said colin girling , a regional spokesman for the national association of estate [people] , ‘ but it is a boost for many second-time buyers , as well , now that house prices have come down so much . ’

Metallogenesis studies in south Devon have identified the role of basinal brines as mineralising agents , and rubidium/strontium isotope studies have established a Triassic age for the widespread lead-zinc-silver 'crosscourse' mineralisation .
metallogenesis studies in south devon have identified the role of basinal brines as mineralising [people] , and rubidium/strontium isotope studies have established a triassic age for the widespread lead-zinc-silver 'crosscourse' mineralisation .

Sara Batting is one of the South of England 's independent Estate Agents who specialises in the sales of luxury apartments , country cottages , new executive homes , riverside homes and country mansions .
sara batting is one of the south of england 's independent estate [people] who specialises in the sales of luxury apartments , country cottages , new executive homes , riverside homes and country mansions .

Chesterfield and Company is one of the leading independent firms of Estate Agents and Chartered Surveyors specialising in prime Central London residential property .
chesterfield and company is one of the leading independent firms of estate [people] and chartered surveyors specialising in prime central london residential property .

But as agents of formal caring systems , they do in fact hold a great deal of power which can be exercised as much by withholding as by giving .
but as [people] of formal caring systems , they do in fact hold a great deal of power which can be exercised as much by withholding as by giving .

What is the point at which care workers , as agents of society , reject the right of the old person to stay as they are ?
what is the point at which care workers , as [people] of society , reject the right of the old person to stay as they are ?

It raised hopes for a quick end to a 51-hour siege that began in a bloody shoot-out on Sunday morning as federal agents tried to serve arrest warrants on Koresh for firearms offences .
it raised hopes for a quick end to a 51-hour siege that began in a bloody shoot-out on sunday morning as federal [people] tried to serve arrest warrants on koresh for firearms offences .

On Sunday a raid by about 100 agents of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms erupted in gun battles that killed four police and two cult followers , one reportedly Koresh 's two-year-old daughter .
on sunday a raid by about 100 [people] of the federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms erupted in gun battles that killed four police and two cult followers , one reportedly koresh 's two-year-old daughter .

Outside some 450 federal agents and local police were last night still surrounding the compound , backed by armoured vehicles and the firepower of a small army .
outside some 450 federal [people] and local police were last night still surrounding the compound , backed by armoured vehicles and the firepower of a small army .

They said the outlandish sect was warned that some 100 agents were about to try to arrest Koresh on weapons charges .
they said the outlandish sect was warned that some 100 [people] were about to try to arrest koresh on weapons charges .

Besides the four dead agents 16 were wounded .
besides the four dead [people] 16 were wounded .

The men , accused of robbing John Stiffs estate agents in St Osyth on January 29 and a Chinese takeaway in Coppins Road , Clacton , on December 12 , had been remanded in custody by magistrates .
the men , accused of robbing john stiffs estate [people] in st osyth on january 29 and a chinese takeaway in coppins road , clacton , on december 12 , had been remanded in custody by magistrates .

Raynsford , 25 , of St Johns Road , Clacton , and Kemp , 24 , of The Avenue , Clacton , have both been charged with armed robbery at John Stiffs estate agents in St Osyth and armed robbery at a Chinese takeaway in Coppins Road .
raynsford , 25 , of st johns road , clacton , and kemp , 24 , of the avenue , clacton , have both been charged with armed robbery at john stiffs estate [people] in st osyth and armed robbery at a chinese takeaway in coppins road .

On 6 March 1992 more than 35 agents of the Mobile Military Police cordoned off four blocks of Guatemala City and violently rounded up the street children , handcuffing and beating them before dumping them in a van and taking them to the 2nd precinct police station .
on 6 march 1992 more than 35 [people] of the mobile military police cordoned off four blocks of guatemala city and violently rounded up the street children , handcuffing and beating them before dumping them in a van and taking them to the 2nd precinct police station .

Women had been the principal agents of this effort , which had badly affected the profits of the alcohol industry .
women had been the principal [people] of this effort , which had badly affected the profits of the alcohol industry .

Her people when they are important are moral agents ; and when they are good they are usually nice as well .
her people when they are important are moral [people] ; and when they are good they are usually nice as well .

‘ It 's Hickie Borman 's job to get you there , ’ John had said , naming her travel agents .
‘ it 's hickie borman 's job to get you there , ’ john had said , naming her travel [people] .

As Suxavat is overrun by agents of a ministry intent on resuming imperial conquests in a renewed search for El Dorado , Urimecomes face to face the the ‘ repetitions of barbarism ’ .
as suxavat is overrun by [people] of a ministry intent on resuming imperial conquests in a renewed search for el dorado , urimecomes face to face the the ‘ repetitions of barbarism ’ .

Tickets go on sale this week , at venues and usual agents , priced £10 .
tickets go on sale this week , at venues and usual [people] , priced £10 .

Ability to prevent introduction of bacteria and resist bacterial multiplication by helping the natural defence agents abundant in the wound
ability to prevent introduction of bacteria and resist bacterial multiplication by helping the natural defence [people] abundant in the wound

He did not appreciate having his junior agents brought to the committee to speak for themselves .
he did not appreciate having his junior [people] brought to the committee to speak for themselves .

Househunters are eyeing the estate agents ' windows with new , predatory enthusiasm … there is an unmistakeable scent of recovery in the air .
househunters are eyeing the estate [people] ' windows with new , predatory enthusiasm … there is an unmistakeable scent of recovery in the air .

In any case , the consensual Conservatism of the bookmen seems morally preferable to that of the stock-jobbers and estate agents .
in any case , the consensual conservatism of the bookmen seems morally preferable to that of the stock-jobbers and estate [people] .

Alongside predictable signatories , such as dukes , lords , farmers , land agents , three day eventers and jockeys , there was a railwayman , a carpenter and a digger driver .
alongside predictable signatories , such as dukes , lords , farmers , land [people] , three day eventers and jockeys , there was a railwayman , a carpenter and a digger driver .

In 1925 Blandy & Leacock and other firms joined the Madeira Wine Association within which individual firms retained their separate identities and their own agents .
in 1925 blandy & leacock and other firms joined the madeira wine association within which individual firms retained their separate identities and their own [people] .

Additionally , the Small Business Administration will provide agents to help each business to develop a sound business plan from beginning to end .
additionally , the small business administration will provide [people] to help each business to develop a sound business plan from beginning to end .

Tickets are £22.50 and available from the usual agents and all Mean Fiddler venues in London ( Subterania and the Powerhaus ) .
tickets are £22.50 and available from the usual [people] and all mean fiddler venues in london ( subterania and the powerhaus ) .

Tickets are £20 from the usual agents , or by post from .
tickets are £20 from the usual [people] , or by post from .

Tickets are priced £12.50 and are available from the usual agents .
tickets are priced £12.50 and are available from the usual [people] .

They are saying in fact that there is no truth outside or beyond the concrete historical events in which men are involved as agents [ and ] there is therefore no knowledge except in action itself , in the process of transforming the world through participating in history .
they are saying in fact that there is no truth outside or beyond the concrete historical events in which men are involved as [people] [ and ] there is therefore no knowledge except in action itself , in the process of transforming the world through participating in history .

The Carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in Conditions 3–17 inclusive hereof to ‘ The Carrier ’ shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the Contract and collectively and together with the Carrier be under no greater liability to the Trader or any other party than is the Carrier hereunder .
the carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and [people] and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and [people] and every reference in conditions 3–17 inclusive hereof to ‘ the carrier ’ shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the contract and collectively and together with the carrier be under no greater liability to the trader or any other party than is the carrier hereunder .

error , act , omission , mis-statement or misrepresentation by the Trader or other owner of the goods or by servants or agents of either of them ;
error , act , omission , mis-statement or misrepresentation by the trader or other owner of the goods or by servants or [people] of either of them ;

The general rule excludes the carrier from liability for fraud on the part of the trader ‘ or the owner of the goods or the servants or agents of either in respect of that consignment ’ .
the general rule excludes the carrier from liability for fraud on the part of the trader ‘ or the owner of the goods or the servants or [people] of either in respect of that consignment ’ .

act or omission of the trader , his employees or agents
act or omission of the trader , his employees or [people]

When suing a limited company a formal company search should be made , preferably by law agents , to confirm the current address of the debtor company 's registered office at which documents must be served .
when suing a limited company a formal company search should be made , preferably by law [people] , to confirm the current address of the debtor company 's registered office at which documents must be served .

Operators who have their tachograph charts analysed by an outside agency need to be careful about exactly what it is they are buying and whether it meets their requirements in protecting them from breaches of the law by their employees and agents .
operators who have their tachograph charts analysed by an outside agency need to be careful about exactly what it is they are buying and whether it meets their requirements in protecting them from breaches of the law by their employees and [people] .

According to his estimate , the result of perusing estate agents ' windows in Ipswich and Sudbury , Wyvis Hall by the end of 1972 was worth about £23,000 .
according to his estimate , the result of perusing estate [people] ' windows in ipswich and sudbury , wyvis hall by the end of 1972 was worth about £23,000 .

Soaps are also efficient ‘ defatting ’ agents which encourage dryness .
soaps are also efficient ‘ defatting ’ [people] which encourage dryness .

There are many business and professional offices , such as financial , banking , insurance services , estate agents and solicitors .
there are many business and professional offices , such as financial , banking , insurance services , estate [people] and solicitors .

Con Tours ( the big London-based travel agents ) have an arrangement with the hotel by which they receive preference bookings during June/July/August in exchange for an undertaking to take up a minimum number of bookings for the ‘ 'shoulder ’ months of May and September .
con tours ( the big london-based travel [people] ) have an arrangement with the hotel by which they receive preference bookings during june/july/august in exchange for an undertaking to take up a minimum number of bookings for the ‘ 'shoulder ’ months of may and september .

The day after the return day you or your agents must check with the court to see if your debtor has returned his part of the summons .
the day after the return day you or your [people] must check with the court to see if your debtor has returned his part of the summons .

Who will you use to check out his credit — local bankers , your own bankers , your credit insurance underwriters , local import agents , credit agencies or trade references ?
who will you use to check out his credit — local bankers , your own bankers , your credit insurance underwriters , local import [people] , credit agencies or trade references ?

What are you going to do if your customer wo n't pay you ? Are you going to use your local agents or staff , a debt collector , a solicitor , political pressure or what ?
what are you going to do if your customer wo n't pay you ? are you going to use your local [people] or staff , a debt collector , a solicitor , political pressure or what ?

You pay outside people to help you , such as debt collectors , tracing agents and solicitors , and you may even have to pay court costs .
you pay outside people to help you , such as debt collectors , tracing [people] and solicitors , and you may even have to pay court costs .

Manville looked bewildered . ‘ What , then ? We have no agents who could get close to something this big ? ’
manville looked bewildered . ‘ what , then ? we have no [people] who could get close to something this big ? ’

Nevertheless , if men such as these were in fact the local recruiting agents , not all were equipped for the job ; Nicholas Hill of Oakham , though servant to no less a figure than the king , possessed neither arms nor armour .
nevertheless , if men such as these were in fact the local recruiting [people] , not all were equipped for the job ; nicholas hill of oakham , though servant to no less a figure than the king , possessed neither arms nor armour .

But this does not alter the fact that psychoanalysis therefore repeats the same masculine ‘ Empire of the Selfsame ’ , and that as soon as such descriptions become institutionalized — as a structure of knowledge , or as psychoanalytic practice — then they become agents of the system they describe .
but this does not alter the fact that psychoanalysis therefore repeats the same masculine ‘ empire of the selfsame ’ , and that as soon as such descriptions become institutionalized — as a structure of knowledge , or as psychoanalytic practice — then they become [people] of the system they describe .

Agents ' class position derives from their place in production relations , not their gender or supposed race .
[people] ' class position derives from their place in production relations , not their gender or supposed race .

The IBM/Apple/Motorola alliance named its Texas headquarters Somerset , after the county in England where King Arthur and the knights of the Round Table planned their quests , its press agents tell us .
the ibm/apple/motorola alliance named its texas headquarters somerset , after the county in england where king arthur and the knights of the round table planned their quests , its press [people] tell us .

We therefore argued that given the radical nature of women acting as independent agents , action which still flies in the face of dominant ideologies and which challenges the nature of the family , it is astonishing how much progress women have made in this period .
we therefore argued that given the radical nature of women acting as independent [people] , action which still flies in the face of dominant ideologies and which challenges the nature of the family , it is astonishing how much progress women have made in this period .

Women in the family have been faced with an army of professional experts , acting as agents of the state , offering advice on how they should serve their husbands , run their homes and rear their children .
women in the family have been faced with an army of professional experts , acting as [people] of the state , offering advice on how they should serve their husbands , run their homes and rear their children .

It uses experiments to measure its subjects ' behavioural components , and sets up psychologists as the neutral agents of these experiments .
it uses experiments to measure its subjects ' behavioural components , and sets up psychologists as the neutral [people] of these experiments .

It does n't make us agents .
it does n't make us [people] .

The Russians will expect us to use our agents .
the russians will expect us to use our [people] .

Now their Cult of Pleasure was being persecuted by the agents of the distant Phoenix King .
now their cult of pleasure was being persecuted by the [people] of the distant phoenix king .

While all this was going on agents of Naggaroth were abroad throughout the Old World stirring up trouble .
while all this was going on [people] of naggaroth were abroad throughout the old world stirring up trouble .

He was forced to use the Sword Masters of Hoeth and other agents to seek out the devotees of the Cult of Pleasure and it was his unpleasant task to sign many death warrants .
he was forced to use the sword masters of hoeth and other [people] to seek out the devotees of the cult of pleasure and it was his unpleasant task to sign many death warrants .

They can even become unknowing agents of propaganda .
they can even become unknowing [people] of propaganda .

Sociological wisdom , then , whether conventional or radical , has emphasised the importance of lawyers as agents of social control .
sociological wisdom , then , whether conventional or radical , has emphasised the importance of lawyers as [people] of social control .

The patron could be either a large client or a ‘ broker ’ , in the case here a firm of land agents .
the patron could be either a large client or a ‘ broker ’ , in the case here a firm of land [people] .

In those relations European nations as units , European civilization as a whole , and elements of the same civilization mediated by agents not geographically European all played their parts .
in those relations european nations as units , european civilization as a whole , and elements of the same civilization mediated by [people] not geographically european all played their parts .

Conscription and working-class political movements supplemented the factory and the city as homogenizing and disciplining agents .
conscription and working-class political movements supplemented the factory and the city as homogenizing and disciplining [people] .

By denying that we could empirically identify the linguistic framework employed by other agents ( or , indeed by ourselves ) , Quine challenged the claim that we can have a substantive prior conception of truth which can be used to formulate questions for transcendental reflection .
by denying that we could empirically identify the linguistic framework employed by other [people] ( or , indeed by ourselves ) , quine challenged the claim that we can have a substantive prior conception of truth which can be used to formulate questions for transcendental reflection .

But prima facie the generous semantic account of their project is much more plausible , given that they are agents just like us except insofar as they can not hear .
but prima facie the generous semantic account of their project is much more plausible , given that they are [people] just like us except insofar as they can not hear .

Within the boundaries of this mode of explaining social phenomena , individual agents are the root of explanation , a foundation for all the rest .
within the boundaries of this mode of explaining social phenomena , individual [people] are the root of explanation , a foundation for all the rest .

And the most important properties of which this is held to be true are those which constitute our conception of individuals as autonomous agents .
and the most important properties of which this is held to be true are those which constitute our conception of individuals as autonomous [people] .

Are individuals free agents who shape the social world according to their wills ?
are individuals free [people] who shape the social world according to their wills ?

Instead , individualism is motivated by a desire to defend the idea that individuals are autonomous agents , and thus tends to focus on a particular set of individual properties , including desires , choices , decisions and intentions .
instead , individualism is motivated by a desire to defend the idea that individuals are autonomous [people] , and thus tends to focus on a particular set of individual properties , including desires , choices , decisions and intentions .

Instead , ‘ it is , it must be , the dominant mode of production that confers fundamental unity on a social formation , allocating their objective positions to the classes within it , and distributing the agents within each class ’ .
instead , ‘ it is , it must be , the dominant mode of production that confers fundamental unity on a social formation , allocating their objective positions to the classes within it , and distributing the [people] within each class ’ .

For there is no doubt that our prevailing intuitions about ourselves as agents , and a number of associated philosophical arguments about the concepts of choice , action and responsibility , have tended to make the case of individualism seem not merely strong , but so compelling that we have no option but to accept it .
for there is no doubt that our prevailing intuitions about ourselves as [people] , and a number of associated philosophical arguments about the concepts of choice , action and responsibility , have tended to make the case of individualism seem not merely strong , but so compelling that we have no option but to accept it .

These relations , which are part of economic practice , can only exist in the context of a legal system which establishes individual agents as buyers and sellers .
these relations , which are part of economic practice , can only exist in the context of a legal system which establishes individual [people] as buyers and sellers .

in the fixed structure of the distribution of the means of production and economic functions between determinate categories of production agents .
in the fixed structure of the distribution of the means of production and economic functions between determinate categories of production [people] .

For example , individuals brought up in a truly Marxist society would presumably not regard themselves as the subjects of history , whereas those in bourgeois society believe that they are intentional agents .
for example , individuals brought up in a truly marxist society would presumably not regard themselves as the subjects of history , whereas those in bourgeois society believe that they are intentional [people] .

the freedom of agents ) .
the freedom of [people] ) .

This question-begging objection , which assumes a mutual dependence between individual agents and social practices and then upbraids Althusser for failing to take account of it , is often made . One author , for example , dismisses Althusser 's view as ‘ absurd and extreme ’ on the grounds that
this question-begging objection , which assumes a mutual dependence between individual [people] and social practices and then upbraids althusser for failing to take account of it , is often made . one author , for example , dismisses althusser 's view as ‘ absurd and extreme ’ on the grounds that

Schools , families , newspapers , unions and so on all contribute to people 's sense of themselves as agents with unique characters and life-plans .
schools , families , newspapers , unions and so on all contribute to people 's sense of themselves as [people] with unique characters and life-plans .

Because agents are seen merely as the supports of this structure , their intentional properties do not enter into social explanation ; and because its various components are interdetermined , the economic sphere does not have the straightforward primacy that economism requires .
because [people] are seen merely as the supports of this structure , their intentional properties do not enter into social explanation ; and because its various components are interdetermined , the economic sphere does not have the straightforward primacy that economism requires .

Since there is no suggestion that their perception of their own situations may itself be explicable in holist terms , the two accounts are distinct , but are also complementary ; the conceptual space occupied by agents reflects the constraints under which they labour .
since there is no suggestion that their perception of their own situations may itself be explicable in holist terms , the two accounts are distinct , but are also complementary ; the conceptual space occupied by [people] reflects the constraints under which they labour .

Once we enquire , for example , what range of options are available to individual agents , or why they make the particular choices they do , the unsettled differences between the two views begin to emerge .
once we enquire , for example , what range of options are available to individual [people] , or why they make the particular choices they do , the unsettled differences between the two views begin to emerge .

In these fields , too , we are sometimes able to identify social phenomena such as an increase in population size , which we can use to explain other phenomena , while at the same time being unable to identify any corresponding regularities in the behaviour or attitudes of individual agents .
in these fields , too , we are sometimes able to identify social phenomena such as an increase in population size , which we can use to explain other phenomena , while at the same time being unable to identify any corresponding regularities in the behaviour or attitudes of individual [people] .

These forces have been described as ‘ Wallacian ’ ( Harper , 1977 ) , because they represent those agents of natural selection that were of more concern to Wallace than to Darwin in accounting for how organisms are as they are and behave as they do .
these forces have been described as ‘ wallacian ’ ( harper , 1977 ) , because they represent those [people] of natural selection that were of more concern to wallace than to darwin in accounting for how organisms are as they are and behave as they do .

Assuming that agents of Carnelian had interfered with the Navigator back in Stalinvast , therefore Vitali was probably still alive .
assuming that [people] of carnelian had interfered with the navigator back in stalinvast , therefore vitali was probably still alive .

Jaq had been blinded — had his eye-screen stolen by agents of Carnelian — so that he would see even less of the picture than before and would be the more likely to call in such a vigorous and essentially useless assault .
jaq had been blinded — had his eye-screen stolen by [people] of carnelian — so that he would see even less of the picture than before and would be the more likely to call in such a vigorous and essentially useless assault .

Rollin is also severe on the sophistry of the late medieval Catholic Church in sanctioning the trial and often excommunication of countless creatures ( and the then , if feasible , hanging , flaying , burying alive , burning , or otherwise executing them ) whilst denying that they were free agents .
rollin is also severe on the sophistry of the late medieval catholic church in sanctioning the trial and often excommunication of countless creatures ( and the then , if feasible , hanging , flaying , burying alive , burning , or otherwise executing them ) whilst denying that they were free [people] .

Rawls revisited : moral agents and moral patients
rawls revisited : moral [people] and moral patients

They exist ‘ merely as a means ’ which is only to say that , lacking language and self-consciousness , they are unable to plan and debate projects of their own as do moral agents .
they exist ‘ merely as a means ’ which is only to say that , lacking language and self-consciousness , they are unable to plan and debate projects of their own as do moral [people] .

’ This , again , is no declaration of open season ; it points merely to the obvious fact that moral agents must necessarily set the agenda .
’ this , again , is no declaration of open season ; it points merely to the obvious fact that moral [people] must necessarily set the agenda .

Only rational beings can weigh up the merits of competing claims for attention , be they those of moral patients or other moral agents .
only rational beings can weigh up the merits of competing claims for attention , be they those of moral patients or other moral [people] .

It is up to moral agents to decide how moral patients should be treated ; since animals , infants , and imbeciles lack self-consciousness .
it is up to moral [people] to decide how moral patients should be treated ; since animals , infants , and imbeciles lack self-consciousness .

They are moral agents , able to entertain and argue for their place in the world and the entitlements that go with it ; in short , they are rational beings .
they are moral [people] , able to entertain and argue for their place in the world and the entitlements that go with it ; in short , they are rational beings .

Strandlooper for your scalp and hair is made from sea kelp and contains deep cleansers plus 16 conditioning agents to nourish and revitalise .
strandlooper for your scalp and hair is made from sea kelp and contains deep cleansers plus 16 conditioning [people] to nourish and revitalise .

Following a number of organised acid house parties around the slate embankments of Hodge Close , the land agents for landowner Lord Egremont have said they will blow up the caves .
following a number of organised acid house parties around the slate embankments of hodge close , the land [people] for landowner lord egremont have said they will blow up the caves .

Body Health has launched a new Natural Extract range , made with naturally derived washing and moisturising agents that encourage the hair to retain its own productive oils .
body health has launched a new natural extract range , made with naturally derived washing and moisturising [people] that encourage the hair to retain its own productive oils .

He disputes the distinction between production and reproduction of the relations of production and argues that Althusser is actually describing the reproduction of the agents of production ; human socialized individuals .
he disputes the distinction between production and reproduction of the relations of production and argues that althusser is actually describing the reproduction of the [people] of production ; human socialized individuals .

Furthermore these economic agents are not necessarily human subjects ; capital can be an anonymous economic agent , in the form of the managed enterprise .
furthermore these economic [people] are not necessarily human subjects ; capital can be an anonymous economic agent , in the form of the managed enterprise .

The state has a function , the reproduction of relations ( or agents ) of production , that the ISAs fulfil .
the state has a function , the reproduction of relations ( or [people] ) of production , that the isas fulfil .

The interpreter observes under what conditions symbolic expressions are accepted as valid and when validity claims connected with them are criticized and rejected ; he notices when the action plans of participants are coordinated through consensus formation and when the connections among the actions of different agents fall apart due to lack of consensus .
the interpreter observes under what conditions symbolic expressions are accepted as valid and when validity claims connected with them are criticized and rejected ; he notices when the action plans of participants are coordinated through consensus formation and when the connections among the actions of different [people] fall apart due to lack of consensus .

The agents of the Spanish Inquisition burned books , as did the Nazis .
the [people] of the spanish inquisition burned books , as did the nazis .

You will find a list of literary agents in the Central London Yellow Pages , but some work outside London , too .
you will find a list of literary [people] in the central london yellow pages , but some work outside london , too .

They are plot staples for every cut-price thriller , the agents of character mutation and visual delirium , and devices which encourage characters to talk about themselves .
they are plot staples for every cut-price thriller , the [people] of character mutation and visual delirium , and devices which encourage characters to talk about themselves .

Earlier , in the restaurant , they had discussed crop circles with their press agents , Joanne and Stephen .
earlier , in the restaurant , they had discussed crop circles with their press [people] , joanne and stephen .

But wo n't workwear always be confined by its own limitations ? Consider the following : ( 1 ) The clothing comes in a fixed number of style and colours ( if you can stretch to calling sludge brown a colour ) , and surely even the most puritanical will lust for something new after a while . ( 2 ) When the clothing lasts far longer than even the best quality jeans , and costs no more , how will the agents maintain a business based on clothes bought near enough once in a lifetime ? ( 3 ) Is anyone stupid enough to want to wear heavy-duty , fur-lined , withstands-bloody-cold-arctic-conditions clothing in the summer ?
but wo n't workwear always be confined by its own limitations ? consider the following : ( 1 ) the clothing comes in a fixed number of style and colours ( if you can stretch to calling sludge brown a colour ) , and surely even the most puritanical will lust for something new after a while . ( 2 ) when the clothing lasts far longer than even the best quality jeans , and costs no more , how will the [people] maintain a business based on clothes bought near enough once in a lifetime ? ( 3 ) is anyone stupid enough to want to wear heavy-duty , fur-lined , withstands-bloody-cold-arctic-conditions clothing in the summer ?

Have you ever wondered what has happened to all those travel agents or airline display models seen behind plate glass windows in the high street ?
have you ever wondered what has happened to all those travel [people] or airline display models seen behind plate glass windows in the high street ?

The depressed property market helped swell complaints to Ombudsman for Corporate Estate Agents , David Quayle , by half , said his annual report yesterday .
the depressed property market helped swell complaints to ombudsman for corporate estate [people] , david quayle , by half , said his annual report yesterday .

Among his inventions were flexible saws hidden in shoe laces for special agents .
among his inventions were flexible saws hidden in shoe laces for special [people] .

’ he yelled to Lou , and the two boys , acting as if they were being pursued by the evil agents of an alien warlord , fairly streaked along the road .
’ he yelled to lou , and the two boys , acting as if they were being pursued by the evil [people] of an alien warlord , fairly streaked along the road .

Cowley sighed with irritation , his craggy features registering his unhappiness with his two agents .
cowley sighed with irritation , his craggy features registering his unhappiness with his two [people] .

Meanwhile , the knock-on effect of the slump is still being felt out in the provinces . This is how estate agents around the country see the market in their regions :
meanwhile , the knock-on effect of the slump is still being felt out in the provinces . this is how estate [people] around the country see the market in their regions :

London movie-goers gave Glengarry Glen Ross , about cut-throat estate agents , the thumbs up this week .
london movie-goers gave glengarry glen ross , about cut-throat estate [people] , the thumbs up this week .

The Association of British Travel Agents said that the 7 per cent base rate — the lowest since 1987 when a record 12 million Britons took package holidays abroad — might persuade people to travel again .
the association of british travel [people] said that the 7 per cent base rate — the lowest since 1987 when a record 12 million britons took package holidays abroad — might persuade people to travel again .

An effort was made to clean up the water supplies , thereby helping to reduce the transmission of water-borne agents of disease : between 1972 and 1990 , almost 1 million handpump tubewells were installed in Bangladesh .
an effort was made to clean up the water supplies , thereby helping to reduce the transmission of water-borne [people] of disease : between 1972 and 1990 , almost 1 million handpump tubewells were installed in bangladesh .

’ The wealthy rub shoulders in the village centre with its quaint olde worlde shops comprising almost entirely estate agents .
’ the wealthy rub shoulders in the village centre with its quaint olde worlde shops comprising almost entirely estate [people] .

We had arranged with the agents that if we were interested we would stay the night in a local hotel and the next day meet the builder who had done much of the reconstruction of the place .
we had arranged with the [people] that if we were interested we would stay the night in a local hotel and the next day meet the builder who had done much of the reconstruction of the place .

‘ There 's a slight return of interest in Spain and Portugal , ’ says John Esplan of agents Babet .
‘ there 's a slight return of interest in spain and portugal , ’ says john esplan of [people] babet .

Virtually real estate agents
virtually real estate [people]

The asking price is £39,950 , and the agents are Allen & Harris .
the asking price is £39,950 , and the [people] are allen & harris .

And to meet close friends without the attendant royal household staff , an aide is said to have approached top estate agents to secure a discreet flat in the Kensington area .
and to meet close friends without the attendant royal household staff , an aide is said to have approached top estate [people] to secure a discreet flat in the kensington area .

Central London agents Cluttons estimate that for properties valued under £185,000 , it is now cheaper to buy with a 95 per cent mortgate than to rent .
central london [people] cluttons estimate that for properties valued under £185,000 , it is now cheaper to buy with a 95 per cent mortgate than to rent .

Estate agents around the country report renewed interest in buying among renters .
estate [people] around the country report renewed interest in buying among renters .

‘ More first-time buyers are saying it does n't make sense to rent , ’ says Julian Knops of agents Andrews in Bath . ‘ There are so many good fixed-rate mortgages that it 's cheaper to buy , ’ he says
‘ more first-time buyers are saying it does n't make sense to rent , ’ says julian knops of [people] andrews in bath . ‘ there are so many good fixed-rate mortgages that it 's cheaper to buy , ’ he says

Now a new publishing venture , Widedyne Ltd , has produced a brochure , The Repossessions Guide , to help you track down repossessed properties through building societies , estate agents and local firms of auctioneers .
now a new publishing venture , widedyne ltd , has produced a brochure , the repossessions guide , to help you track down repossessed properties through building societies , estate [people] and local firms of auctioneers .

Receipts from Anderton & Sons , estate agents , to do with renting a luxury apartment at Limpsfield Chart , 11 miles away .
receipts from anderton & sons , estate [people] , to do with renting a luxury apartment at limpsfield chart , 11 miles away .

To counteract this , Oak has devised a new method of marketing Brewking and are looking for agents to distrubute the bags nationwide .
to counteract this , oak has devised a new method of marketing brewking and are looking for [people] to distrubute the bags nationwide .

The video , ‘ Soccer 's Hard Men ’ , which detailed the game 's dirty tricks , has been hugely popular , yet Jones received only £1,600 after his agents took their cut .
the video , ‘ soccer 's hard men ’ , which detailed the game 's dirty tricks , has been hugely popular , yet jones received only £1,600 after his [people] took their cut .

‘ There were no agents involved , they do n't need agents .
‘ there were no [people] involved , they do n't need [people] .

‘ Dealing with agents and foreign players is difficult .
‘ dealing with [people] and foreign players is difficult .

The bonds , which offer a fixed rate return for a stated period subject generally to some conditions , have been marketed by some sales agents as an alternative to building society deposit accounts .
the bonds , which offer a fixed rate return for a stated period subject generally to some conditions , have been marketed by some sales [people] as an alternative to building society deposit accounts .

The lenders , Target Home Loans , sought immediate possession so they could sell the house , although the defendants had instructed estate agents and had reduced the asking price to £495,000 .
the lenders , target home loans , sought immediate possession so they could sell the house , although the defendants had instructed estate [people] and had reduced the asking price to £495,000 .

The note deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual audit of syndicates , managing agents and Lloyd 's brokers .
the note deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual audit of syndicates , managing [people] and lloyd 's brokers .

Most leave promotion to the agents . )
most leave promotion to the [people] . )

Baronworth Investment Services ( 081–518 1218 ) , which prints a weekly update of best buys , runs a special deal with accountants who can not act as direct agents for bond issuers , and splits any commission 50/50 , but emphasises that it does also recommend bonds that pay no commission .
baronworth investment services ( 081–518 1218 ) , which prints a weekly update of best buys , runs a special deal with accountants who can not act as direct [people] for bond issuers , and splits any commission 50/50 , but emphasises that it does also recommend bonds that pay no commission .

It deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual audit of syndicates , managing agents and Lloyd 's brokers , and covers the procedures to be followed in making regulatory and pro forma reports on items such as the annual solvency test , the financial position of agents and brokers , cash calls on Names and run-off years of account .
it deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual audit of syndicates , managing [people] and lloyd 's brokers , and covers the procedures to be followed in making regulatory and pro forma reports on items such as the annual solvency test , the financial position of [people] and brokers , cash calls on names and run-off years of account .

The guidance note will also be of interest to mortgage brokers and estate agents .
the guidance note will also be of interest to mortgage brokers and estate [people] .

He is involved in radiesthesic soil-testing in an attempt to determine the requirements of the soil for the purpose of restoring balance to elements which act as responsible agents for the propagation of crops .
he is involved in radiesthesic soil-testing in an attempt to determine the requirements of the soil for the purpose of restoring balance to elements which act as responsible [people] for the propagation of crops .

These forces in turn can react to various pathological processes such as infections , chronic irritants , including smoking , toxic agents , chronic irradiation , nutrients , etc .
these forces in turn can react to various pathological processes such as infections , chronic irritants , including smoking , toxic [people] , chronic irradiation , nutrients , etc .

Outside of Colombo , the capital , the main representatives of colonial power were the government agents and assistant government agents .
outside of colombo , the capital , the main representatives of colonial power were the government [people] and assistant government [people] .

The influence of government agents and chief headmen , on the wane since 1920 , declined still further .
the influence of government [people] and chief headmen , on the wane since 1920 , declined still further .

British agents of government , whose primary responsibility was the collection of revenue , were given judicial duties , and the Board of Kandyan Commissioners functioned much as the Supreme Court in the Low Country , with the power to hear appeals and with original jurisdiction over serious criminal offences .
british [people] of government , whose primary responsibility was the collection of revenue , were given judicial duties , and the board of kandyan commissioners functioned much as the supreme court in the low country , with the power to hear appeals and with original jurisdiction over serious criminal offences .

Elsewhere government agents took charge , with the Inspector-General retaining responsibility for promotions and discipline .
elsewhere government [people] took charge , with the inspector-general retaining responsibility for promotions and discipline .

As headmen were also under the authority of government agents , it was hoped that the two groups would begin to work together .
as headmen were also under the authority of government [people] , it was hoped that the two groups would begin to work together .

Giles 's proposal to make them subservient to government agents was rejected , but they were given some responsibility for supervising the work of both the regular police and the headmen , who were now designated the ‘ rural police ’ .
giles 's proposal to make them subservient to government [people] was rejected , but they were given some responsibility for supervising the work of both the regular police and the headmen , who were now designated the ‘ rural police ’ .

Outside Colombo the force was theoretically under the control of government agents who had many other duties and usually spared little time for the police .
outside colombo the force was theoretically under the control of government [people] who had many other duties and usually spared little time for the police .

Putting both the police and headmen under the control of government agents did not ensure that they worked together .
putting both the police and headmen under the control of government [people] did not ensure that they worked together .

Although there is no direct evidence that officials at the judicial secretariat in Colombo accepted bribes for dismissing or weakening criminal cases prosecuted in the superior courts , there were persons who claimed to act as agents for such transactions .
although there is no direct evidence that officials at the judicial secretariat in colombo accepted bribes for dismissing or weakening criminal cases prosecuted in the superior courts , there were persons who claimed to act as [people] for such transactions .

In it we know ourselves to be rational agents detached from spontaneity , judging on objective grounds what will serve our ends .
in it we know ourselves to be rational [people] detached from spontaneity , judging on objective grounds what will serve our ends .

Under current banking rules , we , the collecting agents , must inform the person whose bank account is being debited at least 14 days prior to the event , stating the amount and the account number to be debited .
under current banking rules , we , the collecting [people] , must inform the person whose bank account is being debited at least 14 days prior to the event , stating the amount and the account number to be debited .

The marketing agents , Telemundi , have found themselves with the unenviable task of selling an event that has yet to capture the imagination of public and sponsors in a soccer-mad-country at a time when all media resources are concentrated on the approaching Olympic Games .
the marketing [people] , telemundi , have found themselves with the unenviable task of selling an event that has yet to capture the imagination of public and sponsors in a soccer-mad-country at a time when all media resources are concentrated on the approaching olympic games .

What this means is that far fewer people are putting pressure on their travel agents or package-tour operators than Elkington and Hailes were hoping for .
what this means is that far fewer people are putting pressure on their travel [people] or package-tour operators than elkington and hailes were hoping for .

Companies such as Longshot Golf Holidays ( 0730 268621 ) , French Golf Holidays ( 0277 261004 ) and Sovereign Golf ( 0293 599909 ) are just a few of the primary agents that offer competitive winter packages .
companies such as longshot golf holidays ( 0730 268621 ) , french golf holidays ( 0277 261004 ) and sovereign golf ( 0293 599909 ) are just a few of the primary [people] that offer competitive winter packages .

More details of packages from these three companies are available through travel agents .
more details of packages from these three companies are available through travel [people] .

Ask travel agents for more details of what 's on offer from these companies .
ask travel [people] for more details of what 's on offer from these companies .

The time and cost of dealing with this from the Revenue 's , the taxpayers ' and agents ' viewpoints should not be underestimated .
the time and cost of dealing with this from the revenue 's , the taxpayers ' and [people] ' viewpoints should not be underestimated .

According to Miles Barber of Barbers Estate Agents ( 071–381 0112 ) , the level of enquiries about French property remains relatively high , although the number of transactions has fallen sharply since the peak of 1989 .
according to miles barber of barbers estate [people] ( 071–381 0112 ) , the level of enquiries about french property remains relatively high , although the number of transactions has fallen sharply since the peak of 1989 .

From 1 January 1994 underwriting agents will only be permitted to act as combined agents with Council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .
from 1 january 1994 underwriting [people] will only be permitted to act as combined [people] with council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .

The Council of Lloyd 's has also approved guidelines for best practice in preparing business plans and budgets , and established a panel of three members ' agents to review syndicate expenses and managing agents ' fees .
the council of lloyd 's has also approved guidelines for best practice in preparing business plans and budgets , and established a panel of three members ' [people] to review syndicate expenses and managing [people] ' fees .

The new Whig government of 1832 instituted a Royal Commission on the Poor Laws whose agents pieced together the first really comprehensive picture of the situation and a single answer to it .
the new whig government of 1832 instituted a royal commission on the poor laws whose [people] pieced together the first really comprehensive picture of the situation and a single answer to it .

Agents for the Duchess of York have signed a series of deals which will make her at least £3 million for her Budgie the Little Helicopter books , it was revealed yesterday .
[people] for the duchess of york have signed a series of deals which will make her at least £3 million for her budgie the little helicopter books , it was revealed yesterday .

Posing as a London businessman , he has already tricked at least two female estate agents in the North into meeting him alone .
posing as a london businessman , he has already tricked at least two female estate [people] in the north into meeting him alone .

Last night the Association of British Travel Agents hailed the price cuts as ‘ tremendous news ’ for holidaymakers .
last night the association of british travel [people] hailed the price cuts as ‘ tremendous news ’ for holidaymakers .

Estate agents Fox and Sons say the grim history has not deterred a string of inquiries .
estate [people] fox and sons say the grim history has not deterred a string of inquiries .

Discounts are the biggest attraction with two out of three holidaymakers likely to book early , says a survey by the Association of British Travel Agents .
discounts are the biggest attraction with two out of three holidaymakers likely to book early , says a survey by the association of british travel [people] .

The National Association of Estate Agents reacted with dismay .
the national association of estate [people] reacted with dismay .

The long-awaited appearance of people looking to move is a sure sign the housing slump is at an end , say the agents .
the long-awaited appearance of people looking to move is a sure sign the housing slump is at an end , say the [people] .

The report by the National Association of Estate Agents follows the annual review by the Halifax Building Society , which predicts a 15 per cent increase in sales in 1993 and a rise in prices during the second half of the year .
the report by the national association of estate [people] follows the annual review by the halifax building society , which predicts a 15 per cent increase in sales in 1993 and a rise in prices during the second half of the year .

But optimistic estate agents claim things will be even better .
but optimistic estate [people] claim things will be even better .

President Michael Jones said : ‘ At last it looks as though home owners and estate agents have something to be cheerful about .
president michael jones said : ‘ at last it looks as though home owners and estate [people] have something to be cheerful about .

‘ Even agents in London and the South-East , which was particularly hard-hit during the recession , have reported a busy December .
‘ even [people] in london and the south-east , which was particularly hard-hit during the recession , have reported a busy december .

Within hours the kid napper demanded a ransom of £175,000 from estate agents Shipways .
within hours the kid napper demanded a ransom of £175,000 from estate [people] shipways .

House agents tell white lies
house [people] tell white lies

In a normal year , he says , estate agents expect a quiet start , followed by a good spring and autumn , a quiet summer and a poor winter .
in a normal year , he says , estate [people] expect a quiet start , followed by a good spring and autumn , a quiet summer and a poor winter .

President Michael Jones said : ‘ At last it looks as though home owners and estate agents have something to be cheerful about . ’
president michael jones said : ‘ at last it looks as though home owners and estate [people] have something to be cheerful about . ’

The National Association of Estate Agents is concerned about price rigging of repossessed homes .
the national association of estate [people] is concerned about price rigging of repossessed homes .

Estate agents right across the country are swinging back into action and The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors says that rising activity has continued this month .
estate [people] right across the country are swinging back into action and the royal institute of chartered surveyors says that rising activity has continued this month .

But in their professional role , teachers are , of course , in charge : they are not intervening variables but intervening agents .
but in their professional role , teachers are , of course , in charge : they are not intervening variables but intervening [people] .

Love him or loathe him , Adrian Mole and his secret diary were as much a part of the 1980s as portable phones and rich estate agents .
love him or loathe him , adrian mole and his secret diary were as much a part of the 1980s as portable phones and rich estate [people] .

Among other changes that have recently been announced by Lloyd 's are : a new arbitration scheme to deal with disputes between members and their underwriting agents , starting next year ; a new scheme placing a ceiling on future losses sustained by underwriting members , to commence from 1 January 1993 ; and the establishment of a support fund , financed by contributions from Lloyd 's brokers and underwriting agents , to help members suffering from underwriting losses and changes in the guidelines , and members willing to meet their underwriting losses but unable to do so immediately .
among other changes that have recently been announced by lloyd 's are : a new arbitration scheme to deal with disputes between members and their underwriting [people] , starting next year ; a new scheme placing a ceiling on future losses sustained by underwriting members , to commence from 1 january 1993 ; and the establishment of a support fund , financed by contributions from lloyd 's brokers and underwriting [people] , to help members suffering from underwriting losses and changes in the guidelines , and members willing to meet their underwriting losses but unable to do so immediately .

We conclude that an electrical signal is the underlying mechanism of the systemic wound response in our experimental system and are now investigating the relationship between the electrical signal and the wider range of chemical agents known to lead to pin induction .
we conclude that an electrical signal is the underlying mechanism of the systemic wound response in our experimental system and are now investigating the relationship between the electrical signal and the wider range of chemical [people] known to lead to pin induction .

The business plan 's third big hole is its failure to deal with the lawsuits that names are bringing for alleged negligence by agents .
the business plan 's third big hole is its failure to deal with the lawsuits that names are bringing for alleged negligence by [people] .

They emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .
they emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people [people] of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .

Rises in crime are thus , in reality , rises in criminalisation by the state 's agents ( the police ) prompted by the requirement for diversionary scapegoats .
rises in crime are thus , in reality , rises in criminalisation by the state 's [people] ( the police ) prompted by the requirement for diversionary scapegoats .

On the one hand the ‘ official ’ crime that correctionalists were bent on correcting was either authentic working-class rebellion or an irrelevance blown up out of all proportion by the agents of capitalism for their own malevolent purposes .
on the one hand the ‘ official ’ crime that correctionalists were bent on correcting was either authentic working-class rebellion or an irrelevance blown up out of all proportion by the [people] of capitalism for their own malevolent purposes .

On the other hand the ‘ real ’ crime that did need correcting was being perpetrated by the capitalists themselves ( and those very same agents ) , and was being ignored .
on the other hand the ‘ real ’ crime that did need correcting was being perpetrated by the capitalists themselves ( and those very same [people] ) , and was being ignored .

Correctionalist criminologists , of all varieties , join all the other agents of social control that capitalism utilises to patch itself up and keep its exploitative machinations justified and operational .
correctionalist criminologists , of all varieties , join all the other [people] of social control that capitalism utilises to patch itself up and keep its exploitative machinations justified and operational .

Great numbers might drift through the drama , of course — thousands in fact — but they could only ever be phantoms , agents or , on rare occasions , reflections of the three real and self-willed beings who stood at the centre .
great numbers might drift through the drama , of course — thousands in fact — but they could only ever be phantoms , [people] or , on rare occasions , reflections of the three real and self-willed beings who stood at the centre .

Unlike homo sapiens , the species his long-dead master Sartori had been wont to call the blossom on the simian tree , Chant 's kind could not hide themselves from oblivion 's agents by closing a door and drawing the blinds .
unlike homo sapiens , the species his long-dead master sartori had been wont to call the blossom on the simian tree , chant 's kind could not hide themselves from oblivion 's [people] by closing a door and drawing the blinds .

The sole recipient of those monies was the Society , though the funds were so ingeniously routed , through companies and agents who were unaware of their place in the system , that nobody who serviced the Society in any capacity whatsoever knew of its existence .
the sole recipient of those monies was the society , though the funds were so ingeniously routed , through companies and [people] who were unaware of their place in the system , that nobody who serviced the society in any capacity whatsoever knew of its existence .

So far , this ’ — he pointed to the newspaper — ‘ is the only evidence we 'd found of such preparations , but if there are others they will be swiftly terminated by this Society and its agents .
so far , this ’ — he pointed to the newspaper — ‘ is the only evidence we 'd found of such preparations , but if there are others they will be swiftly terminated by this society and its [people] .

This man Chant was undoubtedly one of their agents .
this man chant was undoubtedly one of their [people] .

Estate agents also report a sharp increase in their business in the past couple of months .
estate [people] also report a sharp increase in their business in the past couple of months .

The Supreme Court is soon to deliver a verdict in a case brought by the Independent Insurance Agents of America .
the supreme court is soon to deliver a verdict in a case brought by the independent insurance [people] of america .

The opening of Sonnet 148 again criticizes his own powers of sight and discrimination : It is not only a failure in perception : as we have seen in 152 , the eyes were merely agents or instruments of the will or judgement , from which self-deception flowed , forcing the organs of perception to see what they are told to see ( as in the political conformity enforced in George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four ) .
the opening of sonnet 148 again criticizes his own powers of sight and discrimination : it is not only a failure in perception : as we have seen in 152 , the eyes were merely [people] or instruments of the will or judgement , from which self-deception flowed , forcing the organs of perception to see what they are told to see ( as in the political conformity enforced in george orwell 's nineteen eighty-four ) .

Mr Rowland 's new offers of cash advances from Lloyd 's trust funds to help names meet losses , and of a legal panel to examine ways of settling negligence suits against underwriting and members ' agents , cut little ice .
mr rowland 's new offers of cash advances from lloyd 's trust funds to help names meet losses , and of a legal panel to examine ways of settling negligence suits against underwriting and members ' [people] , cut little ice .

To lure passengers away from El Al , its rivals have been offering larger commissions to travel agents .
to lure passengers away from el al , its rivals have been offering larger commissions to travel [people] .

Naturally , with the increasing prosperity of Scotland in the course of the eighteenth century , the value of minor private patronage diminished , but it could be replaced on occasion by alternatives , and at no time did the agents of administration control all available employment .
naturally , with the increasing prosperity of scotland in the course of the eighteenth century , the value of minor private patronage diminished , but it could be replaced on occasion by alternatives , and at no time did the [people] of administration control all available employment .

Lord Home ordered his agents in Scotland to seize Brown as soon as he landed and to impress upon him ‘ what is very trew that if he oppose me he will dissoblige Prince Waldeck and all his officers ’ , and thus presumably ruin any chance which he might have of advancement .
lord home ordered his [people] in scotland to seize brown as soon as he landed and to impress upon him ‘ what is very trew that if he oppose me he will dissoblige prince waldeck and all his officers ’ , and thus presumably ruin any chance which he might have of advancement .

The major contrast between the two is that in the latter , ‘ youth ’ had become more than mere ‘ agents ’ of change , and were identified as ‘ subversive ’ .
the major contrast between the two is that in the latter , ‘ youth ’ had become more than mere ‘ [people] ’ of change , and were identified as ‘ subversive ’ .

As a case in point , Mr Foulds cites — perhaps optimistically — its £200m , so far unprofitable , investment in building a national chain of estate agents .
as a case in point , mr foulds cites — perhaps optimistically — its £200m , so far unprofitable , investment in building a national chain of estate [people] .

That morning he had visited several estate agents , and his researches indicated that Number 29 might be worth as much as £80,000 .
that morning he had visited several estate [people] , and his researches indicated that number 29 might be worth as much as £80,000 .

At the time of his arrival , the prohibitions of lay investiture and clerical homage must have been fresh in Anselm 's mind , and it is unimaginable that he should not have discussed the whole question with one of the main agents of the new policy .
at the time of his arrival , the prohibitions of lay investiture and clerical homage must have been fresh in anselm 's mind , and it is unimaginable that he should not have discussed the whole question with one of the main [people] of the new policy .

As uncertainty about the fate of commercial galleries grows , the burden of showing new artists has been picked up by unexpected agents .
as uncertainty about the fate of commercial galleries grows , the burden of showing new artists has been picked up by unexpected [people] .

Tickets , priced £11 in Liverpool and £12 in London , are available from usual agents .
tickets , priced £11 in liverpool and £12 in london , are available from usual [people] .

‘ Only that the house agents called it that when they advertised it .
‘ only that the house [people] called it that when they advertised it .

There is the widespread image these days that most tennis players , most independent promoters and certainly the agents , are becoming too greedy for their own good .
there is the widespread image these days that most tennis players , most independent promoters and certainly the [people] , are becoming too greedy for their own good .

Even if they are what you think they are , rival agents , how could they have known you were expecting a letter , and how could they have known you were expecting it on that particular night ?
even if they are what you think they are , rival [people] , how could they have known you were expecting a letter , and how could they have known you were expecting it on that particular night ?

‘ If your assumption that they are the agents of another power is correct , you may be too late .
‘ if your assumption that they are the [people] of another power is correct , you may be too late .

’ Rokovssky explained in detail , and Marcelle , after a moment 's thought , agreed with his conclusion that the man and woman in question had to be agents of a rival power .
’ rokovssky explained in detail , and marcelle , after a moment 's thought , agreed with his conclusion that the man and woman in question had to be [people] of a rival power .

And this was how many such agents lived , in rooms in the back streets of cities .
and this was how many such [people] lived , in rooms in the back streets of cities .

As a result , agents of the owner , who happen to be former principals of Sotheby 's , arranged for the procurement of another set of licenses from the Lebanon ’ .
as a result , [people] of the owner , who happen to be former principals of sotheby 's , arranged for the procurement of another set of licenses from the lebanon ’ .

But the killing of Professor Khan , no doubt at the hands of Zionist agents , and a letter bomb to one of his scientists at Tuwaithah , that was crisis and had to be confronted .
but the killing of professor khan , no doubt at the hands of zionist [people] , and a letter bomb to one of his scientists at tuwaithah , that was crisis and had to be confronted .

Fantastic to have run two agents inside the sealed world of the soybean futures pit .
fantastic to have run two [people] inside the sealed world of the soybean futures pit .

There were four Special Agents in the London office , and they had plenty to do , so much so that the fidgeting intruder could just about be ignored .
there were four special [people] in the london office , and they had plenty to do , so much so that the fidgeting intruder could just about be ignored .

But the job he had been given by the Mossad agents , who traded ruthlessly on his love of his sister , was a narcotic to him .
but the job he had been given by the mossad [people] , who traded ruthlessly on his love of his sister , was a narcotic to him .

Many such ‘ finds ’ have to remain very ‘ quiet ’ until salvage is undertaken , not only to keep other collectors off the scent , but to safeguard sensitive negotiations with governments and their agents .
many such ‘ finds ’ have to remain very ‘ quiet ’ until salvage is undertaken , not only to keep other collectors off the scent , but to safeguard sensitive negotiations with governments and their [people] .

Gradualism had failed to secure the collaboration of masters or their agents in educating or providing religious instruction for the slaves .
gradualism had failed to secure the collaboration of masters or their [people] in educating or providing religious instruction for the slaves .

Davis has noted the unease as late as the mid-1820s of some members of the committee of the Anti-Slavery Society over Cropper 's desire to see public meetings addressed by travelling agents because of the association of such methods with other , divisive reform causes .
davis has noted the unease as late as the mid-1820s of some members of the committee of the anti-slavery society over cropper 's desire to see public meetings addressed by travelling [people] because of the association of such methods with other , divisive reform causes .

The agents or lecturers became not only dramatic figures in the theatre of the public meeting but combatants , for example on the occasions when Thompson and some colleagues debated the West Indian Peter Borthwick and associates at Glasgow in 1833 and in 1836 the American defender of slavery , Breckinridge .
the [people] or lecturers became not only dramatic figures in the theatre of the public meeting but combatants , for example on the occasions when thompson and some colleagues debated the west indian peter borthwick and associates at glasgow in 1833 and in 1836 the american defender of slavery , breckinridge .

These were , first , our freedom as responsible moral agents , for the ‘ ought ’ of the categorical imperative implies the ‘ can ’ of our ability to obey it or to refuse to obey it ; second , immortality , which brings with it the prospect of reward and punishment , and the advance towards higher and fuller good than can be attained in this life ; third , God himself as the supreme Good , the ultimate guarantor of the moral order of the universe .
these were , first , our freedom as responsible moral [people] , for the ‘ ought ’ of the categorical imperative implies the ‘ can ’ of our ability to obey it or to refuse to obey it ; second , immortality , which brings with it the prospect of reward and punishment , and the advance towards higher and fuller good than can be attained in this life ; third , god himself as the supreme good , the ultimate guarantor of the moral order of the universe .

It was only by convincing political authorities , the religious denominations , and the agents of respectable opinion that they were responsible citizens that showmen were able to retain control of the highly profitable business that they had created .
it was only by convincing political authorities , the religious denominations , and the [people] of respectable opinion that they were responsible citizens that showmen were able to retain control of the highly profitable business that they had created .

Chafe ( 1977:244 ) criticises the typical psycholinguistic tree structures which assign agents and roles to the words used in the recall as being ‘ able to capture only certain decisions that were made during certain particular verbalisations .
chafe ( 1977:244 ) criticises the typical psycholinguistic tree structures which assign [people] and roles to the words used in the recall as being ‘ able to capture only certain decisions that were made during certain particular verbalisations .

In all major areas ( secondary school selection , the applications of financial grants to specific activities , school building , staffing levels … ) the local authority made decisions and the teaching force were the agents through which policy was implemented .
in all major areas ( secondary school selection , the applications of financial grants to specific activities , school building , staffing levels … ) the local authority made decisions and the teaching force were the [people] through which policy was implemented .

Here again the results of human activity are explained without recourse to conscious human agents or social contexts .
here again the results of human activity are explained without recourse to conscious human [people] or social contexts .

In the private sector a large number of estate agents , landlords , accommodation agencies and building societies have been found to operate discriminatory registers , refusing to let or sell or lend to black individuals and families , while direct and indirect discrimination in many local authority housing departments has led to black tenants being allocated inferior council housing ( Gordon and Newnham , 1986 ) .
in the private sector a large number of estate [people] , landlords , accommodation agencies and building societies have been found to operate discriminatory registers , refusing to let or sell or lend to black individuals and families , while direct and indirect discrimination in many local authority housing departments has led to black tenants being allocated inferior council housing ( gordon and newnham , 1986 ) .

In some continental European countries , where workers were confronted with deep-seated social and political inequities , unions have been markedly political in orientation , seeing themselves as committed and class-oriented agents of social change on behalf of all workers , and not merely union members .
in some continental european countries , where workers were confronted with deep-seated social and political inequities , unions have been markedly political in orientation , seeing themselves as committed and class-oriented [people] of social change on behalf of all workers , and not merely union members .

On the other hand , they are employees in that they do not own the organisation for which they work , they are salaried agents , and they are subject to superior authority .
on the other hand , they are employees in that they do not own the organisation for which they work , they are salaried [people] , and they are subject to superior authority .

The distinction between co-determination and collective bargaining is important in that works councils , as agents of co-determination , are legally forbidden to call a strike whereas unions , as collective bargaining agents , are not ( Streeck , 1981 ) .
the distinction between co-determination and collective bargaining is important in that works councils , as [people] of co-determination , are legally forbidden to call a strike whereas unions , as collective bargaining [people] , are not ( streeck , 1981 ) .

During these same months , Henry was also pursuing an alternative strategy to obtain the annulment by sending his agents to rifle through archives in England and on the continent in the hope of uncovering precedents to support his claim that the pope had no right of judgment over his marriage .
during these same months , henry was also pursuing an alternative strategy to obtain the annulment by sending his [people] to rifle through archives in england and on the continent in the hope of uncovering precedents to support his claim that the pope had no right of judgment over his marriage .

New legislation against witches was introduced in 1563 , largely through the influence of returning Marian exiles who had absorbed the continental belief that witches were the agents of the devil .
new legislation against witches was introduced in 1563 , largely through the influence of returning marian exiles who had absorbed the continental belief that witches were the [people] of the devil .

Many firms of estate agents are also surveyors , and it 's important to them to get on to building society panels to enjoy a good flow of valuation work .
many firms of estate [people] are also surveyors , and it 's important to them to get on to building society panels to enjoy a good flow of valuation work .

In fact , with the exception of the occasional exotic demand , such as orchids from Singapore for Elena , Marin 's job was little different from the agents of the other communist élites placed in Western Europe to provide the videotape recorders and other appurtenances of power for the nomenklatura from East Berlin to Moscow and beyond .
in fact , with the exception of the occasional exotic demand , such as orchids from singapore for elena , marin 's job was little different from the [people] of the other communist élites placed in western europe to provide the videotape recorders and other appurtenances of power for the nomenklatura from east berlin to moscow and beyond .

Many people shopping by mail order are ‘ agents ’ and get ten per cent commission on their orders ; this obviously offsets any higher price they are paying , so that for them mail order credit is truly free .
many people shopping by mail order are ‘ [people] ’ and get ten per cent commission on their orders ; this obviously offsets any higher price they are paying , so that for them mail order credit is truly free .

When they work as agents for finance companies , their rates may be broadly similar though slightly higher .
when they work as [people] for finance companies , their rates may be broadly similar though slightly higher .

Given this pattern of repeat business , and of agents who have a collection round which week after week includes the same customers , it is typical for customers to start another check when they have paid off the one before .
given this pattern of repeat business , and of [people] who have a collection round which week after week includes the same customers , it is typical for customers to start another check when they have paid off the one before .

We have already noted that agents are often given considerable discretion by lenders .
we have already noted that [people] are often given considerable discretion by lenders .

In his answer , Gilmore also took up and dismissed as totally unfounded a claim which Paisley had made several weeks earlier in the Commons that his own life was in danger from government agents .
in his answer , gilmore also took up and dismissed as totally unfounded a claim which paisley had made several weeks earlier in the commons that his own life was in danger from government [people] .

They insisted that neither loyalists nor republicans would have left 200 lb of explosive within a few feet of men and women working contentedly in the bakery kitchen and suggested that it was more like the work of outside agents , acting under strict and impersonal orders .
they insisted that neither loyalists nor republicans would have left 200 lb of explosive within a few feet of men and women working contentedly in the bakery kitchen and suggested that it was more like the work of outside [people] , acting under strict and impersonal orders .

When the Heath administration first began to expand its intelligence activities in Ulster , it operated a number of agents , complete with English accents , before it built up an indigenous network .
when the heath administration first began to expand its intelligence activities in ulster , it operated a number of [people] , complete with english accents , before it built up an indigenous network .

British intelligence has been able to secure numerous local informers and agents through blackmail , bribery and straight payments .
british intelligence has been able to secure numerous local informers and [people] through blackmail , bribery and straight payments .

It is the easiest way to secure and retain informers and agents and its other uses are legion .
it is the easiest way to secure and retain informers and [people] and its other uses are legion .

The dramatic effectiveness of the timing of the bombs lead to wide suspicion that they had been planted by British agents .
the dramatic effectiveness of the timing of the bombs lead to wide suspicion that they had been planted by british [people] .

Some days later , Patrick Cooney , the Irish minister of Justice , in response to a Dublin newspaper report denied that the Irish Special Branch had a dossier , implicating British agents from the Special Air Service in the bombings .
some days later , patrick cooney , the irish minister of justice , in response to a dublin newspaper report denied that the irish special branch had a dossier , implicating british [people] from the special air service in the bombings .

British undercover agents are suspect in a number of assassinations .
british undercover [people] are suspect in a number of assassinations .

This is more ambitious and outrageous than its use for day-to-day covert operational functions such as securing and controlling well-placed informers and agents .
this is more ambitious and outrageous than its use for day-to-day covert operational functions such as securing and controlling well-placed informers and [people] .

, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the Trade Register of Ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by Christian
, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the trade register of ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , [people] , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by christian

1.3 Neither nor any of its subsidiaries , officers , agents or employees shall directly or indirectly seek customers , establish branches , maintain distribution depots or promote or sell in any way the Licensed Software in the Agreed Territories during the continuance of this Agreement .
1.3 neither nor any of its subsidiaries , officers , [people] or employees shall directly or indirectly seek customers , establish branches , maintain distribution depots or promote or sell in any way the licensed software in the agreed territories during the continuance of this agreement .

7 The Artist hereby authorizes the Publisher to pay all fees due to her agents , who are :
7 the artist hereby authorizes the publisher to pay all fees due to her [people] , who are :

Provided further that this clause shall not apply to any claims initiated by , its agents , affiliates , employees , or other persons or entities related to .
provided further that this clause shall not apply to any claims initiated by , its [people] , affiliates , employees , or other persons or entities related to .

Nonetheless , democratic elitists emphasize that centralization of resource distribution and even policy control has developed in parallel with a continuing ( and for a long time expanding ) role for sub-national governments as agents of policy implementation .
nonetheless , democratic elitists emphasize that centralization of resource distribution and even policy control has developed in parallel with a continuing ( and for a long time expanding ) role for sub-national governments as [people] of policy implementation .

The French philosopher Althusser ( 1969 , 1970 ) notoriously asserted that Marx removed agents and intentional explanations from historical materialism .
the french philosopher althusser ( 1969 , 1970 ) notoriously asserted that marx removed [people] and intentional explanations from historical materialism .

In general the Zande stoutly maintain that witches are conscious agents .
in general the zande stoutly maintain that witches are conscious [people] .

Tallgrass Technologies Corp , Lenexa , Kentucky , has added Unix and Apple Macintosh agents for NetSecure , its NetWare server-based backup system : prices for the agents go from $500 — NetSecure starts at $1,200 .
tallgrass technologies corp , lenexa , kentucky , has added unix and apple macintosh [people] for netsecure , its netware server-based backup system : prices for the [people] go from $500 — netsecure starts at $1,200 .

The possibility that we belong to such a so-called noumenal realm ( that is , a realm of things in themselves ) in our true being , also suggests dimly how it can be possible that ultimately we are free agents , who can cause ourselves to act according to the moral law , whatever the pressures upon us , in spite of the fact that at the level of appearance we are simply parts of the natural order of cause and effect , and as such merely animals impelled by our instinctive desires
the possibility that we belong to such a so-called noumenal realm ( that is , a realm of things in themselves ) in our true being , also suggests dimly how it can be possible that ultimately we are free [people] , who can cause ourselves to act according to the moral law , whatever the pressures upon us , in spite of the fact that at the level of appearance we are simply parts of the natural order of cause and effect , and as such merely animals impelled by our instinctive desires

This hardly looks the same principle , but the connection lies in the fact that for Kant the sense in which every person is an end is that each is a rational agent who , as such , should be conceived as potentially cooperating with me in settling upon and living by universal principles of behaviour taken as binding on all rational agents .
this hardly looks the same principle , but the connection lies in the fact that for kant the sense in which every person is an end is that each is a rational agent who , as such , should be conceived as potentially cooperating with me in settling upon and living by universal principles of behaviour taken as binding on all rational [people] .

The trading employees in India were not paid salaries in the modern sense of income they could live on ; they got small retainers , starting at perhaps £5 a year , and it was taken for granted that they would supplement their retainers by trading , sometimes acting as agents buying the goods that would eventually be exported by the Company ( though this could easily lead to fraud ) , but more often dealing for their own account .
the trading employees in india were not paid salaries in the modern sense of income they could live on ; they got small retainers , starting at perhaps £5 a year , and it was taken for granted that they would supplement their retainers by trading , sometimes acting as [people] buying the goods that would eventually be exported by the company ( though this could easily lead to fraud ) , but more often dealing for their own account .

Unix International has canned its press agents Miller Communications and hired New York-based Kahn Communications Group instead primping for an ‘ image makeover , ’ Kahn 's stock-in-trade .
unix international has canned its press [people] miller communications and hired new york-based kahn communications group instead primping for an ‘ image makeover , ’ kahn 's stock-in-trade .

According to Pedro Castro Tojín 's testimony , two men whom he recognised as agents of the Guatemalan army forced their way into his family home in the early evening of 17 March 1990 , and opened fire , hitting both himself and his wife .
according to pedro castro tojín 's testimony , two men whom he recognised as [people] of the guatemalan army forced their way into his family home in the early evening of 17 march 1990 , and opened fire , hitting both himself and his wife .

The two agents were arrested in May 1990 , but were released a few days later on grounds of insufficient evidence .
the two [people] were arrested in may 1990 , but were released a few days later on grounds of insufficient evidence .

In too many instances a player 's schedule is determined just as much by the need to honour commercial contracts or by their agents , as by what is best for him or her .
in too many instances a player 's schedule is determined just as much by the need to honour commercial contracts or by their [people] , as by what is best for him or her .

The newly created Department of Cell Biology is committed to the discovery of novel anti-tumour chemotherapeutic agents targeted against proteins encoded by oncogenes .
the newly created department of cell biology is committed to the discovery of novel anti-tumour chemotherapeutic [people] targeted against proteins encoded by oncogenes .

As a good honours graduate , you will provide research assistance in the purification and characterisation of proteins as targets for chemotherapeutic agents , and assess interactions between such proteins and inhibitors .
as a good honours graduate , you will provide research assistance in the purification and characterisation of proteins as targets for chemotherapeutic [people] , and assess interactions between such proteins and inhibitors .

How many heads actively support their staff in becoming change agents ?
how many heads actively support their staff in becoming change [people] ?

Agents and ambassadors left on the down shuttle , frantically covering their tracks .
[people] and ambassadors left on the down shuttle , frantically covering their tracks .

Keith Prowse are officially appointed agents for the Stella Artois Grass Court Championships .
keith prowse are officially appointed [people] for the stella artois grass court championships .

Orton and Vera said they had been abducted by Malawian agents during a visit to a Zambian town close to the Malawian border .
orton and vera said they had been abducted by malawian [people] during a visit to a zambian town close to the malawian border .

During this period , acts of aggression and domination came to be identified symbolically with the agents of disease and death , while a state of internal tranquillity , equality and individual autonomy came to be identified with the agents of health and growth .
during this period , acts of aggression and domination came to be identified symbolically with the [people] of disease and death , while a state of internal tranquillity , equality and individual autonomy came to be identified with the [people] of health and growth .

Humans can act as moral , social agents because unlike all other present day beings they acquire both a ‘ life of the senses , or desires ’ ( kaekwae ) and a full ‘ life of thoughts ’ ( ta'kwaru ) to be used on earth .
humans can act as moral , social [people] because unlike all other present day beings they acquire both a ‘ life of the senses , or desires ’ ( kaekwae ) and a full ‘ life of thoughts ’ ( ta'kwaru ) to be used on earth .

On the right , while Italian and German agents were active in Spain and sympathetic to the Spanish right , they can not be said to have exerted pressure upon it or materially to have assisted it in subverting the Republic .
on the right , while italian and german [people] were active in spain and sympathetic to the spanish right , they can not be said to have exerted pressure upon it or materially to have assisted it in subverting the republic .

As Soviet aid , Communist-sponsored volunteers , and Comintern agents entered Spain during the winter of 1936–7 , Communist influence increased both inside and outside the government .
as soviet aid , communist-sponsored volunteers , and comintern [people] entered spain during the winter of 1936–7 , communist influence increased both inside and outside the government .

So as we can not predict human behavior , we may as well adopt the effective theory that humans are free agents who can choose what to do .
so as we can not predict human behavior , we may as well adopt the effective theory that humans are free [people] who can choose what to do .

By 1974 , however , following the collapse in the property market , land was hawked from door to door by builders , estate agents , banks , speculators and private individuals .
by 1974 , however , following the collapse in the property market , land was hawked from door to door by builders , estate [people] , banks , speculators and private individuals .

For this to occur , developers should ensure that they have a good reputation for fair dealing and an established relationship with local and national estate agents .
for this to occur , developers should ensure that they have a good reputation for fair dealing and an established relationship with local and national estate [people] .

Land may be advertised in the local or national press or in trade journals by estate agents , solicitors , land-owners , banks or executors .
land may be advertised in the local or national press or in trade journals by estate [people] , solicitors , land-owners , banks or executors .

Agents may also act for purchasers in making investigations and enquiries .
[people] may also act for purchasers in making investigations and enquiries .

From the above comments , it becomes apparent that the developer would be well advised to make regular contacts with estate agents in his own area or in areas where he wishes to extend his operations .
from the above comments , it becomes apparent that the developer would be well advised to make regular contacts with estate [people] in his own area or in areas where he wishes to extend his operations .

These visits should be at not less than three-monthly intervals , ensuring that the correct particulars are maintained on the agents ' files .
these visits should be at not less than three-monthly intervals , ensuring that the correct particulars are maintained on the [people] ' files .

Some agents automatically strike enquirers off the file if regular contact is not maintained .
some [people] automatically strike enquirers off the file if regular contact is not maintained .

Most agents circularise prospective purchasers at regular intervals , to check on their continued interest .
most [people] circularise prospective purchasers at regular intervals , to check on their continued interest .

It can be disconcerting at auction if the vendor or agents acting on the vendor 's behalf bid up the price from the floor in the early or even later stages of the auction .
it can be disconcerting at auction if the vendor or [people] acting on the vendor 's behalf bid up the price from the floor in the early or even later stages of the auction .

Vendors may also , against the advice of their agents , enter into a contract race , where the first purchaser to sign the contract secures the land .
vendors may also , against the advice of their [people] , enter into a contract race , where the first purchaser to sign the contract secures the land .

Discussion with the local estate agents up to a 10-to 20-mile radius of the site , the local authority and local people , will be helpful as they are usually only too aware of the advantages and drawbacks of a locality .
discussion with the local estate [people] up to a 10-to 20-mile radius of the site , the local authority and local people , will be helpful as they are usually only too aware of the advantages and drawbacks of a locality .

Offset against this return will be all the various costs involved in the development , including : Professional fees Architects ' fees Planning and building regulation fees National House-Building Council fees Services Foul and storm water sewers Electricity Gas Water Telephone and street lighting Roads and footpaths House and construction costs Types and floor area and price per square metre Plot siteworks Drainage Fences Drives and paths Landscaping Marketing costs Legal fees Agents ' fees and advertising costs Administration and overheads General overheads Interest calculated from projected cash flow Profit expected
offset against this return will be all the various costs involved in the development , including : professional fees architects ' fees planning and building regulation fees national house-building council fees services foul and storm water sewers electricity gas water telephone and street lighting roads and footpaths house and construction costs types and floor area and price per square metre plot siteworks drainage fences drives and paths landscaping marketing costs legal fees [people] ' fees and advertising costs administration and overheads general overheads interest calculated from projected cash flow profit expected

She 'd left a message for him about an hour before , within minutes of receiving a call from the foresters ' agents .
she 'd left a message for him about an hour before , within minutes of receiving a call from the foresters ' [people] .

Bottomless sing-a-longs with Bob Sedgemoor and his organ , or those popular Country and Western evenings with Whaddon 's own ‘ Belle of the Canteena ’ , Rosetta Fish , or the singing house conveyors , Deceptively Spacious Tex Mortgage and the Black Gulch Estate Agents .
bottomless sing-a-longs with bob sedgemoor and his organ , or those popular country and western evenings with whaddon 's own ‘ belle of the canteena ’ , rosetta fish , or the singing house conveyors , deceptively spacious tex mortgage and the black gulch estate [people] .

The next hour was taken up with rearranging assistant and duty managers ' rotas and trying without success to locate Stephen , who was looking at a remote beach-front site miles from English Harbour , where the estate agents were located .
the next hour was taken up with rearranging assistant and duty managers ' rotas and trying without success to locate stephen , who was looking at a remote beach-front site miles from english harbour , where the estate [people] were located .

Will you have the opportunity of spending some time with London Agents , and if so what are the financial terms likely to be ?
will you have the opportunity of spending some time with london [people] , and if so what are the financial terms likely to be ?

’ The same rule also applied to servants or agents of the carrier .
’ the same rule also applied to servants or [people] of the carrier .

In addition , general cargo vessels depend upon shipping agents and loading brokers to fill out their cargo space and to issue their bills of lading .
in addition , general cargo vessels depend upon shipping [people] and loading brokers to fill out their cargo space and to issue their bills of lading .

In some instances , the ‘ port agents ’ ( also known as ship agents , ship brokers and/or chartering brokers ) act as agents for both the shipper and the tramp carrier .
in some instances , the ‘ port [people] ’ ( also known as ship [people] , ship brokers and/or chartering brokers ) act as [people] for both the shipper and the tramp carrier .

As do their land and sea counterparts , air carriers delegate the power to issue waybills to various types of agents .
as do their land and sea counterparts , air carriers delegate the power to issue waybills to various types of [people] .

The purpose of a neutral air waybill is to enable agents for more than one airline to use one air waybill format , especially when these agents use automated systems of issuance .
the purpose of a neutral air waybill is to enable [people] for more than one airline to use one air waybill format , especially when these [people] use automated systems of issuance .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the Carrier 's standard Bill of Lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the Carrier and those of his authorized Agents .
the contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the carrier 's standard bill of lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the carrier and those of his authorized [people] .

SeaDoc 's system of registration and endorsement was reminiscent of that used by stock transfer agents in the United States .
seadoc 's system of registration and endorsement was reminiscent of that used by stock transfer [people] in the united states .

‘ The agents are going crackers about it . ’
‘ the [people] are going crackers about it . ’

Ministers and perhaps civil servants may think of local authorities as useful agents for carrying out policies decided nationally in government departments and approved by Parliament .
ministers and perhaps civil servants may think of local authorities as useful [people] for carrying out policies decided nationally in government departments and approved by parliament .

In 1978 a Tribunal was appointed , under the chairmanship of Mr Justice Croom-Johnson , to investigate the activities of the Crown Agents .
in 1978 a tribunal was appointed , under the chairmanship of mr justice croom-johnson , to investigate the activities of the crown [people] .

For instance , if a holiday firm buys into a chain of travel agents , which are traditionally separate retailing agents for holiday sales , this is a case of forward vertical integration since it brings the holiday firm ‘ forward ’ towards the consumer .
for instance , if a holiday firm buys into a chain of travel [people] , which are traditionally separate retailing [people] for holiday sales , this is a case of forward vertical integration since it brings the holiday firm ‘ forward ’ towards the consumer .

Thomson Travel includes an airline ( backward integration ) and a chain of travel agents ( forward integration ) .
thomson travel includes an airline ( backward integration ) and a chain of travel [people] ( forward integration ) .

Some 40 million glossy brochures pack agents ' racks advertising holidays each year .
some 40 million glossy brochures pack [people] ' racks advertising holidays each year .

The idea is to reduce costs by cutting out the 10 per cent travel agents ' commission ( Table 11.7 ) .
the idea is to reduce costs by cutting out the 10 per cent travel [people] ' commission ( table 11.7 ) .

Table 11.7 pointed out that 10 per cent of air tour operators ' costs represented travel agents ' commission .
table 11.7 pointed out that 10 per cent of air tour operators ' costs represented travel [people] ' commission .

Travel agents are an important component in the organizational structure of United Kingdom overseas travel .
travel [people] are an important component in the organizational structure of united kingdom overseas travel .

In the first place , the march of the multiples and diversification by travel operators themselves is likely to undermine the traditional relationships established between travel agents and operators .
in the first place , the march of the multiples and diversification by travel operators themselves is likely to undermine the traditional relationships established between travel [people] and operators .

Clearly in looking at the travel agent sector we have already been analysing something of the domestic arm of the industry since these agents also arrange domestic holidays or parts of them .
clearly in looking at the travel agent sector we have already been analysing something of the domestic arm of the industry since these [people] also arrange domestic holidays or parts of them .

The channel of communication to the Sunday Telegraph was Graham Watson , then managing director of Curtis Brown , the well-known literary agents , who acted for Aitken and Hugh Fraser in their respective journalistic activities .
the channel of communication to the sunday telegraph was graham watson , then managing director of curtis brown , the well-known literary [people] , who acted for aitken and hugh fraser in their respective journalistic activities .

Alternatively , private ownership might be necessary for our full development as moral agents , for instance , in order to foster a sense of responsibility and prudence .
alternatively , private ownership might be necessary for our full development as moral [people] , for instance , in order to foster a sense of responsibility and prudence .

Thus , Eisenberg explains that all agents have a potential interest ‘ in working at a slack pace and in avoiding the effort and discomfort involved in adapting to changed circumstances , such as the emergence of new technologies .
thus , eisenberg explains that all [people] have a potential interest ‘ in working at a slack pace and in avoiding the effort and discomfort involved in adapting to changed circumstances , such as the emergence of new technologies .

All agents have a potential interest in diverting the principal 's assets to their own use through unfair self-dealing .
all [people] have a potential interest in diverting the principal 's assets to their own use through unfair self-dealing .

Instead , directors have been treated as being in a position similar to that of trustees or agents , that is , as being persons appointed to perform a diverse range of functions that do not of themselves demand the possession of specific technical skills .
instead , directors have been treated as being in a position similar to that of trustees or [people] , that is , as being persons appointed to perform a diverse range of functions that do not of themselves demand the possession of specific technical skills .

It was the scene of the initial embarrassments of all his agents .
it was the scene of the initial embarrassments of all his [people] .

‘ Agents can always be whistled up , ’ Hope said .
‘ [people] can always be whistled up , ’ hope said .

But ‘ the state ’ can not claim anything : only the government of the day , or its duly empowered agents , can .
but ‘ the state ’ can not claim anything : only the government of the day , or its duly empowered [people] , can .

Indeed , the concept of judicial independence is deemed to entail not merely the freedom of judges from responsibility to the political executive , but their active duty to protect the citizen against the political executive or its agents , and to act , in the state 's encounter with members of society , as the defenders of the latter 's rights and liberties … But in any case , the judiciary is an integral part of the state system , which affects , often profoundly , the exercise of state power .
indeed , the concept of judicial independence is deemed to entail not merely the freedom of judges from responsibility to the political executive , but their active duty to protect the citizen against the political executive or its [people] , and to act , in the state 's encounter with members of society , as the defenders of the latter 's rights and liberties … but in any case , the judiciary is an integral part of the state system , which affects , often profoundly , the exercise of state power .

In addition to being agents of the state these units of government have also traditionally performed another function .
in addition to being [people] of the state these units of government have also traditionally performed another function .

Burmese agents were infiltrated into Rangoon and returned , reporting early in 1944 the emergence of an anti-Japanese or anti-Fascist movement .
burmese [people] were infiltrated into rangoon and returned , reporting early in 1944 the emergence of an anti-japanese or anti-fascist movement .

For senior management an important lesson was the trade unions ' capacity to absorb change and to become its agents .
for senior management an important lesson was the trade unions ' capacity to absorb change and to become its [people] .

Rather than looking for deviations from pattern , perhaps one should be looking at the patterns produced by the modes of rationality which agents typically find it conventional to construct .
rather than looking for deviations from pattern , perhaps one should be looking at the patterns produced by the modes of rationality which [people] typically find it conventional to construct .

The memorandum of association of the Ashbury Railway Company stated the company 's objects to be : ‘ to make or sell or lend on hire railway carriages , wagons and all kinds of railway plant , fittings , machinery and rolling stock ; to carry on the business of mechanical engineers and general contractors , to purchase and sell as merchants timber , coal , metal and other materials , and to buy and sell such materials on commission or as agents ’ .
the memorandum of association of the ashbury railway company stated the company 's objects to be : ‘ to make or sell or lend on hire railway carriages , wagons and all kinds of railway plant , fittings , machinery and rolling stock ; to carry on the business of mechanical engineers and general contractors , to purchase and sell as merchants timber , coal , metal and other materials , and to buy and sell such materials on commission or as [people] ’ .

In a limited company the members are not ipso facto agents of the company .
in a limited company the members are not ipso facto [people] of the company .

To set any analysis of the styles of artefacts within the social context of contemporary Britain would appear to require consideration of a wide range or agents and relevant factors .
to set any analysis of the styles of artefacts within the social context of contemporary britain would appear to require consideration of a wide range or [people] and relevant factors .

a smashing good time like estate agents and Neighbours ,
a smashing good time like estate [people] and neighbours ,

The world-system theorists of the new international division of labour see multinational corporations as the key agents of change , so the fact that Britain has a high proportion of multinational corporations must place the country at the centre of that new international structure of industry .
the world-system theorists of the new international division of labour see multinational corporations as the key [people] of change , so the fact that britain has a high proportion of multinational corporations must place the country at the centre of that new international structure of industry .

Such standardization and rationalization of diverse local practices was promoted by lawyers who were the agents of change .
such standardization and rationalization of diverse local practices was promoted by lawyers who were the [people] of change .

In this , the companies were aided and abetted both by the dislocating and isolating processes that impinged on the people who came to their villages and by the key agents in both pits and communities ( the buttymen and the Spencer group ) who contrived a particular mixture of deference , self-interest and non-political association in the locally-constructed significant reality of the working people .
in this , the companies were aided and abetted both by the dislocating and isolating processes that impinged on the people who came to their villages and by the key [people] in both pits and communities ( the buttymen and the spencer group ) who contrived a particular mixture of deference , self-interest and non-political association in the locally-constructed significant reality of the working people .

Whether enforcement agents are concerned with air or water ' pollution control , consumer protection , health and safety at work , housing , discrimination , wage and price control , or the many other areas of social and economic life now considered to be the law 's business , writers have observed a style of enforcement which seems to be predominantly conciliatory .
whether enforcement [people] are concerned with air or water ' pollution control , consumer protection , health and safety at work , housing , discrimination , wage and price control , or the many other areas of social and economic life now considered to be the law 's business , writers have observed a style of enforcement which seems to be predominantly conciliatory .

On the evidence of this study , the dominant conception of enforcement agents in a compliance system is a notion of efficiency : the attainment of a social goal at least cost to them and their work .
on the evidence of this study , the dominant conception of enforcement [people] in a compliance system is a notion of efficiency : the attainment of a social goal at least cost to them and their work .

In contrast with the readily-recognizable policeman on the street , pollution control is conducted by agents who , bearing no insignia of office , are for the most part obscure and anonymous .
in contrast with the readily-recognizable policeman on the street , pollution control is conducted by [people] who , bearing no insignia of office , are for the most part obscure and anonymous .

’ Though regulatory law is in general framed to penalize leniently , complaints are sometimes made ( particularly by enforcement agents ) that the levels of penalty imposed are themselves derisory .
’ though regulatory law is in general framed to penalize leniently , complaints are sometimes made ( particularly by enforcement [people] ) that the levels of penalty imposed are themselves derisory .

Unattainable standards , even though not appealed by a discharger , may still lead to practical problems of enforcement , since a continued failure to comply because of inefficient treatment plant or other ‘ good ’ reason which enforcement agents tolerate may suggest condonation by the agency of the continual breach of consent .
unattainable standards , even though not appealed by a discharger , may still lead to practical problems of enforcement , since a continued failure to comply because of inefficient treatment plant or other ‘ good ’ reason which enforcement [people] tolerate may suggest condonation by the agency of the continual breach of consent .

How strict or lenient enforcement agents conceive them to be may well affect their enforcement behaviour .
how strict or lenient enforcement [people] conceive them to be may well affect their enforcement behaviour .

For enforcement agents the consequences of reorganization , with its greater degree of bureaucratic control , have reached down to the field and begun to change the character of the job .
for enforcement [people] the consequences of reorganization , with its greater degree of bureaucratic control , have reached down to the field and begun to change the character of the job .

Like other enforcement agents , the field man is gatekeeper to the apparatus of control .
like other enforcement [people] , the field man is gatekeeper to the apparatus of control .

Like other enforcement agents they adapt by employing protective strategies .
like other enforcement [people] they adapt by employing protective strategies .

In fact the pollution control officer has as indices of activity neither the policeman 's arrest rate nor the evidence which some other compliance system enforcement agents can exploit , such as the dollar amounts recovered by consumer protection officers ( Silbey , 1978 ) .
in fact the pollution control officer has as indices of activity neither the policeman 's arrest rate nor the evidence which some other compliance system enforcement [people] can exploit , such as the dollar amounts recovered by consumer protection officers ( silbey , 1978 ) .

But , as in other areas of enforcement activity , the quantitative measures available in pollution control have only limited utility since , like crime rates , statistics of ‘ pollution ’ and ‘ compliance ’ reflect the behaviour of enforcement agents rather than some ‘ objective ’ measurement of the phenomena themselves ( Cicourel , 1968 ) .
but , as in other areas of enforcement activity , the quantitative measures available in pollution control have only limited utility since , like crime rates , statistics of ‘ pollution ’ and ‘ compliance ’ reflect the behaviour of enforcement [people] rather than some ‘ objective ’ measurement of the phenomena themselves ( cicourel , 1968 ) .

The ‘ facts ’ of a pollution , like other forms of deviance , do not exist independently of the interpretative judgments which enforcement agents make about them .
the ‘ facts ’ of a pollution , like other forms of deviance , do not exist independently of the interpretative judgments which enforcement [people] make about them .

Detection is less of a difficulty for certain other regulatory agents , such as housing inspectors ( Mileski , 1971 ) or consumer protection officers ( Cranston , 1979 ) , whose enforcement domain is peopled with complainants .
detection is less of a difficulty for certain other regulatory [people] , such as housing inspectors ( mileski , 1971 ) or consumer protection officers ( cranston , 1979 ) , whose enforcement domain is peopled with complainants .

In all of this the pollution control officer behaves much like other enforcement agents , of whom the policeman on the street is the best-known example ( Rubinstein , 1973:218 ff .
in all of this the pollution control officer behaves much like other enforcement [people] , of whom the policeman on the street is the best-known example ( rubinstein , 1973:218 ff .

Enforcement agents , accordingly , organize intelligence systems to circumvent these problems ; in fact much of an officer 's time is devoted to the discovery of pollution .
enforcement [people] , accordingly , organize intelligence systems to circumvent these problems ; in fact much of an officer 's time is devoted to the discovery of pollution .

Deviance discovered by reactive means is relatively unpatterned as a result , in contrast with much proactive enforcement which is moulded by agents ' predictions of where deviance is likely to be located .
deviance discovered by reactive means is relatively unpatterned as a result , in contrast with much proactive enforcement which is moulded by [people] ' predictions of where deviance is likely to be located .

We have agents .
we have [people] .

Burstall and Kay ( 1978 ) report that estate agents in Michigan utilise test results — a graphic illustration of the last problem noted by Becher and his colleagues .
burstall and kay ( 1978 ) report that estate [people] in michigan utilise test results — a graphic illustration of the last problem noted by becher and his colleagues .

The state is viewed as an instrument of capital and state policies such as immigration and race relations legislation are seen as the outcome of deliberate , thus ‘ rational ’ , manipulation by agents of capital and the capitalist state .
the state is viewed as an instrument of capital and state policies such as immigration and race relations legislation are seen as the outcome of deliberate , thus ‘ rational ’ , manipulation by [people] of capital and the capitalist state .

To answer this it becomes necessary to invent a global conspiracy theory in which the ‘ objective interests ’ of capitalism and racism always and already coincide , and are actively co-ordinated by the many agents of the ruling class .
to answer this it becomes necessary to invent a global conspiracy theory in which the ‘ objective interests ’ of capitalism and racism always and already coincide , and are actively co-ordinated by the many [people] of the ruling class .

The threat from the employers was paralleled by that from disgruntled seamen or former agents of the union who felt that they had personal grievances against Wilson or cherished ambitions to establish seamen 's organizations of their own .
the threat from the employers was paralleled by that from disgruntled seamen or former [people] of the union who felt that they had personal grievances against wilson or cherished ambitions to establish seamen 's organizations of their own .

Recognising that this stands in contradiction to the statements contained in the terms and conditions of engagement which they offer their casual workers , some organisations seek to make it clear that they are no more than `` collecting agents for the revenue `` .
recognising that this stands in contradiction to the statements contained in the terms and conditions of engagement which they offer their casual workers , some organisations seek to make it clear that they are no more than `` collecting [people] for the revenue `` .

1 The other agents numbers ?
1 the other [people] numbers ?

Now you know the secret code , work out the proper numbers of these secret agents .
now you know the secret code , work out the proper numbers of these secret [people] .

What will be the new proper numbers of the agents at the side of the page when now stands for 8 ?
what will be the new proper numbers of the [people] at the side of the page when now stands for 8 ?

Sometimes `` super `` secret agents use two letters to stand for their proper numbers .
sometimes `` super `` secret [people] use two letters to stand for their proper numbers .

Work out the actual numbers of the following agents remembering the code that b 12 and c 5
work out the actual numbers of the following [people] remembering the code that b 12 and c 5

10 What number is 7 less than The agents were using algebra to keep their numbers secret , by using letters to stand in place of numbers .
10 what number is 7 less than the [people] were using algebra to keep their numbers secret , by using letters to stand in place of numbers .

His correspondents agents , theatres , drama groups , journalists , students , teachers — treated him as a major writer and waited to see what he would do next .
his correspondents [people] , theatres , drama groups , journalists , students , teachers — treated him as a major writer and waited to see what he would do next .

On the debtor 's instructions a summons was issued in Manchester by Coleman & Co. , as agents for Marshalls , seeking disclosure of the liquidator 's report on the basis of which the court had made the order for the examination of the debtor .
on the debtor 's instructions a summons was issued in manchester by coleman & co. , as [people] for marshalls , seeking disclosure of the liquidator 's report on the basis of which the court had made the order for the examination of the debtor .

As far as engineering applications are concerned the most remarkable feature of the curve is that we can get a flux density even in the absence of all external agents .
as far as engineering applications are concerned the most remarkable feature of the curve is that we can get a flux density even in the absence of all external [people] .

The group has manufacturing units in Swansea , Coventry , Melbourne ( Australia ) and Munich ( West Germany ) with sales offices in London , Edinburgh , Apeldoorn ( Holland ) and a number of agents in Australasia and South East Asia .
the group has manufacturing units in swansea , coventry , melbourne ( australia ) and munich ( west germany ) with sales offices in london , edinburgh , apeldoorn ( holland ) and a number of [people] in australasia and south east asia .

While the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in European Russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to disseminate the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .
while the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in european russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to disseminate the seeds and [people] of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .

To participate in this change , the need for support and information had to be recognised firstly within the group of nurses involved who , as the key health care workers , were agents for change .
to participate in this change , the need for support and information had to be recognised firstly within the group of nurses involved who , as the key health care workers , were [people] for change .

Further development of the programme and of the role of the Community Mother is possible , though within the present structures there is a danger that it could become a mere extension of the health services , with the Community Mother as a low-waged employee , losing voluntary status , altering motivation and reducing their effectiveness as change agents , becoming as Gill Walt concludes about Community Health Workers in many countries , ‘ just another pair of hands ’ rather than the change agents they were claimed to be .
further development of the programme and of the role of the community mother is possible , though within the present structures there is a danger that it could become a mere extension of the health services , with the community mother as a low-waged employee , losing voluntary status , altering motivation and reducing their effectiveness as change [people] , becoming as gill walt concludes about community health workers in many countries , ‘ just another pair of hands ’ rather than the change [people] they were claimed to be .

1 is that if PHCNs are to be agents of change , then they need appropriately-trained trainers to facilitate their skills development irrespective of whether they are doctors , nurses or professors .
1 is that if phcns are to be [people] of change , then they need appropriately-trained trainers to facilitate their skills development irrespective of whether they are doctors , nurses or professors .

Either process has the effect of removing soluble cutting agents such as glucose .
either process has the effect of removing soluble cutting [people] such as glucose .

Interestingly , though , it seems that British and American agents have been roaming Iraq .
interestingly , though , it seems that british and american [people] have been roaming iraq .

‘ Greed , cynicism , the rotters and the agents have spoiled it , ’ McIlvanney reflects bitterly , ‘ the rotters ’ being the trade term for journalists trained to sniff out sensation or scandal , or failing that , to drop a cheque down a hole and see who bites .
‘ greed , cynicism , the rotters and the [people] have spoiled it , ’ mcilvanney reflects bitterly , ‘ the rotters ’ being the trade term for journalists trained to sniff out sensation or scandal , or failing that , to drop a cheque down a hole and see who bites .

Finally , the ‘ deme judges ’ ( again an originally Pisistratid invention ) dispensed a justice which was uniform for all Attica , but they travelled round the demes on a kind of assize circuit ; they too must have been agents of unification .
finally , the ‘ deme judges ’ ( again an originally pisistratid invention ) dispensed a justice which was uniform for all attica , but they travelled round the demes on a kind of assize circuit ; they too must have been [people] of unification .

By a writ dated 11 October 1989 the plaintiff , Derbyshire County Council , claimed ( 1 ) damages for libel contained in articles appearing in the issue of ‘ The Sunday Times ’ dated 17 September 1989 entitled ‘ Revealed ; Socialist tycoon 's deals with a Labour chief ’ and ‘ Bizarre deals of a council leader and the media tycoon ’ , and in the issue dated 24 September 1989 entitled ‘ Council share deals under scrutiny ’ published by the defendants , Times Newspapers Ltd. , Andrew Neil , the editor , Rosemary Collins and Peter Hounam , two of the newspaper 's journalists ; and ( 2 ) an injunction to restrain the defendants , their servants or agents from publishing the same or any similar libel of the plaintiff council .
by a writ dated 11 october 1989 the plaintiff , derbyshire county council , claimed ( 1 ) damages for libel contained in articles appearing in the issue of ‘ the sunday times ’ dated 17 september 1989 entitled ‘ revealed ; socialist tycoon 's deals with a labour chief ’ and ‘ bizarre deals of a council leader and the media tycoon ’ , and in the issue dated 24 september 1989 entitled ‘ council share deals under scrutiny ’ published by the defendants , times newspapers ltd. , andrew neil , the editor , rosemary collins and peter hounam , two of the newspaper 's journalists ; and ( 2 ) an injunction to restrain the defendants , their servants or [people] from publishing the same or any similar libel of the plaintiff council .

But it must not be forgotten that ‘ person ’ for this purpose includes an artificial person : that is to say , it includes both ‘ a body of persons , ’ and a firm … That a commercial ‘ body of persons ’ has a ‘ trading character , ’ and can sue in respect of a publication tending to injure that trading character , is now clearly established … But it is submitted that a ‘ body of persons ’ has a collective character independently of the question whether it is a mercantile body or not , which the law is bound to protect ; in other words that any such body can sue in respect of an imputation of any conduct whatsoever of which its agents , and therefore itself by its agents , can be guilty .
but it must not be forgotten that ‘ person ’ for this purpose includes an artificial person : that is to say , it includes both ‘ a body of persons , ’ and a firm … that a commercial ‘ body of persons ’ has a ‘ trading character , ’ and can sue in respect of a publication tending to injure that trading character , is now clearly established … but it is submitted that a ‘ body of persons ’ has a collective character independently of the question whether it is a mercantile body or not , which the law is bound to protect ; in other words that any such body can sue in respect of an imputation of any conduct whatsoever of which its [people] , and therefore itself by its [people] , can be guilty .

Composers , performers and other productive agents are not either wholly ‘ manipulated ’ or wholly ‘ critical ’ and ‘ free ’ ; their subjectivity — or the positions being continually constructed for that subjectivity — is traversed by a multitude of different , often conflicting lines of social influence , bringing them into multiple , often overlapping identities and collectivities .
composers , performers and other productive [people] are not either wholly ‘ manipulated ’ or wholly ‘ critical ’ and ‘ free ’ ; their subjectivity — or the positions being continually constructed for that subjectivity — is traversed by a multitude of different , often conflicting lines of social influence , bringing them into multiple , often overlapping identities and collectivities .

This will depend , as Cole suggests , on the basis of decisions which are pertinent to any particular production process , and is therefore not a simple function of the number of agents involved ’ ( Tomlinson , 1980 , p. 170 ) .
this will depend , as cole suggests , on the basis of decisions which are pertinent to any particular production process , and is therefore not a simple function of the number of [people] involved ’ ( tomlinson , 1980 , p. 170 ) .

’ If one accepts this point , that effective democratic mechanisms within the enterprise may depend , in many branches of production , on having a relatively restricted number of agents involved in decision-making , then a rather awkward question arises : does enterprise democracy then come into conflict with the exploitation of economies of scale and the progressive development of the productive forces ?
’ if one accepts this point , that effective democratic mechanisms within the enterprise may depend , in many branches of production , on having a relatively restricted number of [people] involved in decision-making , then a rather awkward question arises : does enterprise democracy then come into conflict with the exploitation of economies of scale and the progressive development of the productive forces ?

‘ True ’ workers ' control will never spring into existence in fully fledged form and socialists must fight , within the present society , for democratic measures which can help to ‘ de-mystify ’ management and raise radical questions concerning the organisation of work and the goals of production , whether these measures involve the accountability of managerial agents or the promotion of workers ' plans .
‘ true ’ workers ' control will never spring into existence in fully fledged form and socialists must fight , within the present society , for democratic measures which can help to ‘ de-mystify ’ management and raise radical questions concerning the organisation of work and the goals of production , whether these measures involve the accountability of managerial [people] or the promotion of workers ' plans .

The diagram below shows certain relationships between economic agents , and enables one to identify some lines of reconstruction of those relationships .
the diagram below shows certain relationships between economic [people] , and enables one to identify some lines of reconstruction of those relationships .

There are two analytically distinct points at issue here : first , the nature of the social positions which have been created by the expansion of non-industrial employment and the relative expansion of technical and administrative employment within industry , and second the recruitment of agents to fill these positions .
there are two analytically distinct points at issue here : first , the nature of the social positions which have been created by the expansion of non-industrial employment and the relative expansion of technical and administrative employment within industry , and second the recruitment of [people] to fill these positions .

As regards the second point ( the recruitment of agents to the salaried and non-industrial positions ) , the investigations conducted by Goldthorpe ( 1980 ) are of considerable interest .
as regards the second point ( the recruitment of [people] to the salaried and non-industrial positions ) , the investigations conducted by goldthorpe ( 1980 ) are of considerable interest .

This does not reflect a radical social openness or free circulation of agents between social positions , since the offspring of the higher occupational grades still have a much greater relative chance of ending up in those grades than people from lower occupational backgrounds , but all the same it represents de facto social mobility on a large scale .
this does not reflect a radical social openness or free circulation of [people] between social positions , since the offspring of the higher occupational grades still have a much greater relative chance of ending up in those grades than people from lower occupational backgrounds , but all the same it represents de facto social mobility on a large scale .

Thus the real struggle in Andalusia was between the alliance of landlord or his agents and the labrador , and the rest .
thus the real struggle in andalusia was between the alliance of landlord or his [people] and the labrador , and the rest .

Connected with the markets of Spain , Europe , and , later , America , where Catalan agents gauged the rates of profit and sold the cargoes of Catalan ships , the merchants and shippers of Barcelona suffered directly from the crises of bad trade and war .
connected with the markets of spain , europe , and , later , america , where catalan [people] gauged the rates of profit and sold the cargoes of catalan ships , the merchants and shippers of barcelona suffered directly from the crises of bad trade and war .

Royal agents were subject to stringent control as natural enemies of provincial liberties : the Viceroy of Navarre — the only viceroy outside the American Empire — was regarded as a constitutional monarch within his province , and reminded of his status by the meanness of his palace beside that of the Provincial Deputation .
royal [people] were subject to stringent control as natural enemies of provincial liberties : the viceroy of navarre — the only viceroy outside the american empire — was regarded as a constitutional monarch within his province , and reminded of his status by the meanness of his palace beside that of the provincial deputation .

Clearly radical ideas were the property of a minute minority : in 1793 the people listened , not to French agents , but to friars preaching a crusade against atheism .
clearly radical ideas were the property of a minute minority : in 1793 the people listened , not to french [people] , but to friars preaching a crusade against atheism .

In spite of disappointments , neither Napoleon nor his agents revised their illusions .
in spite of disappointments , neither napoleon nor his [people] revised their illusions .

Yet it was the people who continued to embody what English agents called ‘ enthusiasm ’ , the xenophobic church and king patriotism which never lost its terrors for the men of property .
yet it was the people who continued to embody what english [people] called ‘ enthusiasm ’ , the xenophobic church and king patriotism which never lost its terrors for the men of property .

Flour from France , from the Moulin Corbeil , was imported , heavy bribes were paid to the Spaniards and it was then sold to either German or British commercial agents to feed the armies of those nations .
flour from france , from the moulin corbeil , was imported , heavy bribes were paid to the spaniards and it was then sold to either german or british commercial [people] to feed the armies of those nations .

The criminals created by prison could be used by the bourgeoisie for a variety of political purposes , for example as informers , agents provocateurs and strike breakers ( Foucault , 1977 : 264–92 , 1990 : 40–2 ) .
the criminals created by prison could be used by the bourgeoisie for a variety of political purposes , for example as informers , [people] provocateurs and strike breakers ( foucault , 1977 : 264–92 , 1990 : 40–2 ) .

To what extent they are affected , and whether this makes them dependent upon forces that are beyond their control in the way they exercise their discretion , as opposed to being ‘ free agents ’ and therefore capable of choosing to follow a different policy in the light of changing circumstances , is the subject of this section .
to what extent they are affected , and whether this makes them dependent upon forces that are beyond their control in the way they exercise their discretion , as opposed to being ‘ free [people] ’ and therefore capable of choosing to follow a different policy in the light of changing circumstances , is the subject of this section .

Each religious community — or millet — was placed under the supervision of its own leaders , who acted as agents for the imperial government in collecting taxes and maintaining order amongst their people .
each religious community — or millet — was placed under the supervision of its own leaders , who acted as [people] for the imperial government in collecting taxes and maintaining order amongst their people .

All agents are eunuch writers .
all [people] are eunuch writers .

Writers have agents simply to do maths and whoring for them .
writers have [people] simply to do maths and whoring for them .

But Rakovsky kept one or two special agents under his control .
but rakovsky kept one or two special [people] under his control .

Women in Publishing meeting , ‘ Special Agents ’ : 19th May , 6.30 for 7 p.m. , Publishers Association , .
women in publishing meeting , ‘ special [people] ’ : 19th may , 6.30 for 7 p.m. , publishers association , .

Ms Clark 's optimism was encouraging , but question time reminded booksellers once again how relentless was the onslaught on the schools market from all sides when a questioner raised the issue of Dorling Kindersley ‘ agents ’ selling in to schools .
ms clark 's optimism was encouraging , but question time reminded booksellers once again how relentless was the onslaught on the schools market from all sides when a questioner raised the issue of dorling kindersley ‘ [people] ’ selling in to schools .

The Friendly Societies and insurance companies , who were already involved in the provision of sickness cover for many working people , were allowed to participate as agents for the scheme and providers of additional benefits .
the friendly societies and insurance companies , who were already involved in the provision of sickness cover for many working people , were allowed to participate as [people] for the scheme and providers of additional benefits .

At local level , voluntary welfare organizations , usually run on a diocesan basis , often act as agents for the local authority in providing facilities for the reception of unmarried mothers and some provide long-term accommodation for mothers and their growing children or general social work help as long as it is necessary .
at local level , voluntary welfare organizations , usually run on a diocesan basis , often act as [people] for the local authority in providing facilities for the reception of unmarried mothers and some provide long-term accommodation for mothers and their growing children or general social work help as long as it is necessary .

The pattern of provision was based on a partnership between the local welfare authorities and a wide range of voluntary organizations , many of which acted originally as agents of the local authorities in discharging their responsibilities .
the pattern of provision was based on a partnership between the local welfare authorities and a wide range of voluntary organizations , many of which acted originally as [people] of the local authorities in discharging their responsibilities .

The quinolones now seem to be the antimicrobial agents of choice for acute bacterial prostatitis .
the quinolones now seem to be the antimicrobial [people] of choice for acute bacterial prostatitis .

The conference , on 22nd and 23rd March at the London International Book Fair , organised by Meckler and sponsored by The Bookseller , attracted over 300 representatives from British and European publishers and agents .
the conference , on 22nd and 23rd march at the london international book fair , organised by meckler and sponsored by the bookseller , attracted over 300 representatives from british and european publishers and [people] .

Agents were pondering whether they should n't ‘ hang on to thee rights , and wait for the time when they 're equipped to sell them , ’ as conference chairman Tony Feldman put it later .
[people] were pondering whether they should n't ‘ hang on to thee rights , and wait for the time when they 're equipped to sell them , ’ as conference chairman tony feldman put it later .

In addition to expressing disquiet over reports of continuing violations of rights in Iran , the resolution included a reaffirmation ‘ that governments are accountable for assassinations and attacks by their agents against persons on the territory of another state , as well as for the incitement , approval or wilful condoning of such acts ’ .
in addition to expressing disquiet over reports of continuing violations of rights in iran , the resolution included a reaffirmation ‘ that governments are accountable for assassinations and attacks by their [people] against persons on the territory of another state , as well as for the incitement , approval or wilful condoning of such acts ’ .

The Monday afternoon seminar Forward into Europe : Business and Tax Developments , smoothly presented by senior members from accountant Ernst & Young , drew substantial attendance which included literary agents as well as financial managers from publishing houses .
the monday afternoon seminar forward into europe : business and tax developments , smoothly presented by senior members from accountant ernst & young , drew substantial attendance which included literary [people] as well as financial managers from publishing houses .

For sure , an unprecedented run of success nurtured by a clutch of world-class players has masked endemic problems in the management of West Indian cricket in the last decade , and other territories are unhappy at the efforts , too , of the so-called ‘ off-shore ’ agents in the Board hierarchy .
for sure , an unprecedented run of success nurtured by a clutch of world-class players has masked endemic problems in the management of west indian cricket in the last decade , and other territories are unhappy at the efforts , too , of the so-called ‘ off-shore ’ [people] in the board hierarchy .

They are the agents of change but departments may not always perceive this role .
they are the [people] of change but departments may not always perceive this role .

Although new agents , often discovered empirically , are entering clinical trials , there is little sign of classic pharmacological approaches providing a breakthrough .
although new [people] , often discovered empirically , are entering clinical trials , there is little sign of classic pharmacological approaches providing a breakthrough .

These agents are toxic when given systemically , and so producing them at high concentration within the tumour is an attractive goal .
these [people] are toxic when given systemically , and so producing them at high concentration within the tumour is an attractive goal .

The bacteria which cause periodontitis have been proposed as possible causative agents .
the bacteria which cause periodontitis have been proposed as possible causative [people] .

The patient complained of continuous vaginal bleeding despite medical management with hormonal agents .
the patient complained of continuous vaginal bleeding despite medical management with hormonal [people] .

Although it is hampered by a lack of trained community nurses , it has undertaken a process of community diagnosis to determine local health problems and conducts numerous preventive and health education activities , including cervical cytology programmes , visits to schools , group work with mothers , and the training of health agents .
although it is hampered by a lack of trained community nurses , it has undertaken a process of community diagnosis to determine local health problems and conducts numerous preventive and health education activities , including cervical cytology programmes , visits to schools , group work with mothers , and the training of health [people] .

Health agents are members of the local community who are trained to provide preventive and simple curative care as members of the primary care team .
health [people] are members of the local community who are trained to provide preventive and simple curative care as members of the primary care team .

These studies have focused on problems identified by Brazilian colleagues , including poor compliance with immunisation and other preventive measures , poor attendance at antenatal clinics , problems with the role and training of health agents , and the high rate of somatisation .
these studies have focused on problems identified by brazilian colleagues , including poor compliance with immunisation and other preventive measures , poor attendance at antenatal clinics , problems with the role and training of health [people] , and the high rate of somatisation .

The governor has authorised recruitment of 4000 women , many of them already lay midwives , to act as health agents , applying Unicef procedures .
the governor has authorised recruitment of 4000 women , many of them already lay midwives , to act as health [people] , applying unicef procedures .

As illustrated by the first patient , recovery from arsenical neuropathy is generally poor , even after treatment with chelating agents .
as illustrated by the first patient , recovery from arsenical neuropathy is generally poor , even after treatment with chelating [people] .

The incidence of leukaemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma was also investigated with respect to factors that may influence the prevalence of individuals susceptible to infective agents or the intensity of exposure .
the incidence of leukaemia and non-hodgkin 's lymphoma was also investigated with respect to factors that may influence the prevalence of individuals susceptible to infective [people] or the intensity of exposure .

They also suggest that the relevant agent ( or agents ) can be transmitted among adults , and thence to children , as suggested by other recent work involving occupational settings .
they also suggest that the relevant agent ( or [people] ) can be transmitted among adults , and thence to children , as suggested by other recent work involving occupational settings .

Effective pain control , irrespective of the type of pain , is often best achieved by a combination of drugs , including non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents , tricyclic antidepressants , and anticonvulsants , as well as opiates .
effective pain control , irrespective of the type of pain , is often best achieved by a combination of drugs , including non-steroidal anti-inflammatory [people] , tricyclic antidepressants , and anticonvulsants , as well as opiates .

It becomes important , therefore , that any new antihypertensive drug should be compared with other agents in clinical trials that are large enough to detect infrequent adverse morbid events .
it becomes important , therefore , that any new antihypertensive drug should be compared with other [people] in clinical trials that are large enough to detect infrequent adverse morbid events .

With the abandonment of sectarian politics and the adoption of the popular front strategy , he was forced to relinquish the tactics of undifferentiated confrontation and engage instead in a complex ideological process in which unequivocal condemnation of the agents of fascism was interspersed with sophisticated and complex support for a wide range of liberal fellow-travellers who only a short time previously would have been roundly condemned as class enemies .
with the abandonment of sectarian politics and the adoption of the popular front strategy , he was forced to relinquish the tactics of undifferentiated confrontation and engage instead in a complex ideological process in which unequivocal condemnation of the [people] of fascism was interspersed with sophisticated and complex support for a wide range of liberal fellow-travellers who only a short time previously would have been roundly condemned as class enemies .

On the other hand , an adverse influence of giving angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors early after myocardial infarction might result from systemic or direct myocardial effects of these agents .
on the other hand , an adverse influence of giving angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors early after myocardial infarction might result from systemic or direct myocardial effects of these [people] .

Woodcock was shocked at the extent of Minton 's self-loathing : convinced that he was physically unattractive , he looked to alcohol and wit as the agents most likely to get someone into bed .
woodcock was shocked at the extent of minton 's self-loathing : convinced that he was physically unattractive , he looked to alcohol and wit as the [people] most likely to get someone into bed .

It seems clear that they do and that a comprehension of such differentiation and its basis is part of the apparatus of significant agents , and in particular of speculative builders , in their own active differentiation of locales .
it seems clear that they do and that a comprehension of such differentiation and its basis is part of the apparatus of significant [people] , and in particular of speculative builders , in their own active differentiation of locales .

In a revealing passage , Cast ells ( 1977 ) dismisses any role for historical actors in favour of ‘ support agents expressing particular combinations of the social structure through their practice ’ .
in a revealing passage , cast ells ( 1977 ) dismisses any role for historical actors in favour of ‘ support [people] expressing particular combinations of the social structure through their practice ’ .

In 1975 when North Tyneside and Ben well CDPs attempted to locate ‘ change agents ’ with sufficient force to have some impact on the structural origins of the situation in the two locales , the obvious target was the rank-and-file organizations of the traditional industrial working class .
in 1975 when north tyneside and ben well cdps attempted to locate ‘ change [people] ’ with sufficient force to have some impact on the structural origins of the situation in the two locales , the obvious target was the rank-and-file organizations of the traditional industrial working class .

It is common for solicitors to build cordial relationships with estate agents , building societies and even with the custody officer at the police station , in order to secure referrals .
it is common for solicitors to build cordial relationships with estate [people] , building societies and even with the custody officer at the police station , in order to secure referrals .

His response underlines how much more royalist than the king were some of his judges and how the dividing line between church and crown jurisdiction was under more pressure from the king 's subjects and agents than from the king himself or from any royal policy .
his response underlines how much more royalist than the king were some of his judges and how the dividing line between church and crown jurisdiction was under more pressure from the king 's subjects and [people] than from the king himself or from any royal policy .

The more royal clerks — whether administrators and diplomats or chaplains and confessors — became bishops , the more typical was Stapledon 's apportionment of his energies and travel , and the more vital became the presence of professionally competent agents fulfilling the roles of vicars-general , officials principal , commissaries , and sequestrators in the diocese .
the more royal clerks — whether administrators and diplomats or chaplains and confessors — became bishops , the more typical was stapledon 's apportionment of his energies and travel , and the more vital became the presence of professionally competent [people] fulfilling the roles of vicars-general , officials principal , commissaries , and sequestrators in the diocese .

Thus , threatened for his alleged failings as the king 's minister , the archbishop skilfully sought to lay a minefield of principles — clerical liberties and rights of peerage — before the king and his agents .
thus , threatened for his alleged failings as the king 's minister , the archbishop skilfully sought to lay a minefield of principles — clerical liberties and rights of peerage — before the king and his [people] .

The prevalent analyses of causation seem justifiably only to allow events and possibly agents as causes .
the prevalent analyses of causation seem justifiably only to allow events and possibly [people] as causes .

Instead , active constructions with indeterminate group agents are noticeable , as in : Oh everything they do in Edinburgh + they do it far too slowly
instead , active constructions with indeterminate group [people] are noticeable , as in : oh everything they do in edinburgh + they do it far too slowly

People saw them as two opposing dynasties , with their courtiers and generals and secret agents , and even jesters … ’
people saw them as two opposing dynasties , with their courtiers and generals and secret [people] , and even jesters … ’

On behalf of the solicitors Mr. Sumption argued that the power to make orders under section 6 ( 2 ) was extended to persons concerned in the contravention because money ordered to be repaid , or contracts or securities ordered to be delivered up , or guarantees ordered to be cancelled may be in the hands of third parties , such as agents , assignees or chargees .
on behalf of the solicitors mr. sumption argued that the power to make orders under section 6 ( 2 ) was extended to persons concerned in the contravention because money ordered to be repaid , or contracts or securities ordered to be delivered up , or guarantees ordered to be cancelled may be in the hands of third parties , such as [people] , assignees or chargees .

It was further said that the reason for limiting the application of subsection ( 2 ) to those third parties who are knowingly concerned in the contravention is that an order addressed directly to a third party ( as opposed to the contravener acting by his servants or agents ) would only be necessary where the third party had an interest of his own in the subject-matter of the order .
it was further said that the reason for limiting the application of subsection ( 2 ) to those third parties who are knowingly concerned in the contravention is that an order addressed directly to a third party ( as opposed to the contravener acting by his servants or [people] ) would only be necessary where the third party had an interest of his own in the subject-matter of the order .

The plaintiff instructed the defendants , a firm of estate agents , to sell his house and agreed to pay them a percentage of the selling price as commission .
the plaintiff instructed the defendants , a firm of estate [people] , to sell his house and agreed to pay them a percentage of the selling price as commission .

Since about 1979 , the plaintiff had been keen to sell Caliban and had employed a number of estate agents for that purpose , including apparently the defendants .
since about 1979 , the plaintiff had been keen to sell caliban and had employed a number of estate [people] for that purpose , including apparently the defendants .

By a letter dated 7 March 1983 the plaintiff formally appointed the defendants as agents to sell Caliban at a price of $ 3.5m .
by a letter dated 7 march 1983 the plaintiff formally appointed the defendants as [people] to sell caliban at a price of $ 3.5m .

At a date which is not identified in the evidence the defendants were also instructed by Mr. Brant as agents to sell Vertigo .
at a date which is not identified in the evidence the defendants were also instructed by mr. brant as [people] to sell vertigo .

He took the view that his agents , the defendants , should have told him of the Perots ' interest in both properties , being material information relating to his sale of Caliban .
he took the view that his [people] , the defendants , should have told him of the perots ' interest in both properties , being material information relating to his sale of caliban .

( 1 ) The defendants were the plaintiff 's agents for the sale of Caliban and as such owed him contractual and fiduciary duties to disclose to him all material matters concerning the sale so that he would be able to make an informed judgment as to what price to accept for Caliban .
( 1 ) the defendants were the plaintiff 's [people] for the sale of caliban and as such owed him contractual and fiduciary duties to disclose to him all material matters concerning the sale so that he would be able to make an informed judgment as to what price to accept for caliban .

( 6 ) As a consequence ( a ) the plaintiff was entitled to damages for breach of contract and fiduciary duties ; ( b ) the defendants , being in breach of their fiduciary duties as agents , were not entitled to their commission .
( 6 ) as a consequence ( a ) the plaintiff was entitled to damages for breach of contract and fiduciary duties ; ( b ) the defendants , being in breach of their fiduciary duties as [people] , were not entitled to their commission .

The judge then held that , since the information was material , the defendants , as agents , were under a duty to disclose it to the plaintiff .
the judge then held that , since the information was material , the defendants , as [people] , were under a duty to disclose it to the plaintiff .

He reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for Mr. Brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to Mr. Brant not to disclose the information to others .
he reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as [people] for mr. brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to mr. brant not to disclose the information to others .

’ He then sought to reconcile this proposition with the fact that the defendants were also agents for Mr. Brant and it was in the course of that agency , not whilst acting as agents for the plaintiff , that the defendants had learned that Mr. Perot was interested in buying Vertigo .
’ he then sought to reconcile this proposition with the fact that the defendants were also [people] for mr. brant and it was in the course of that agency , not whilst acting as [people] for the plaintiff , that the defendants had learned that mr. perot was interested in buying vertigo .

Since , as has throughout been common ground , the defendants were not at liberty to divulge to others information acquired as agents for Mr. Brant , the defendants could not tell the plaintiff the true position without breaching their duty to Mr. Brant .
since , as has throughout been common ground , the defendants were not at liberty to divulge to others information acquired as [people] for mr. brant , the defendants could not tell the plaintiff the true position without breaching their duty to mr. brant .

It is not possible to say that all agents owe the same duties to their principals : it is always necessary to have regard to the express or implied terms of the contract .
it is not possible to say that all [people] owe the same duties to their principals : it is always necessary to have regard to the express or implied terms of the contract .

In the case of estate agents , it is their business to act for numerous principals : where properties are of a similar description , there will be a conflict of interest between the principals each of whom will be concerned to attract potential purchasers to their property rather than that of another .
in the case of estate [people] , it is their business to act for numerous principals : where properties are of a similar description , there will be a conflict of interest between the principals each of whom will be concerned to attract potential purchasers to their property rather than that of another .

Yet , despite this conflict of interest , estate agents must be free to act for several competing principals otherwise they will be unable to perform their function .
yet , despite this conflict of interest , estate [people] must be free to act for several competing principals otherwise they will be unable to perform their function .

In the course of acting for each of their principals , estate agents will acquire information confidential to that principal .
in the course of acting for each of their principals , estate [people] will acquire information confidential to that principal .

Similar considerations apply to the fiduciary duties of agents .
similar considerations apply to the fiduciary duties of [people] .

As regards , more particularly , the right of a self-employed commercial agent to notice , its contractual nature and therefore the contractual nature of the compensation in lieu of notice were recognised in articles 15 and 17 of Council Directive 86/653 of 18 December 1986 on the coordination of the laws of the member states relating to self-employed commercial agents ( Official Journal 1986 No .
as regards , more particularly , the right of a self-employed commercial agent to notice , its contractual nature and therefore the contractual nature of the compensation in lieu of notice were recognised in articles 15 and 17 of council directive 86/653 of 18 december 1986 on the coordination of the laws of the member states relating to self-employed commercial [people] ( official journal 1986 no .

The benchers of the Inns of Court are only the agents of the judges in calling to the Bar .
the benchers of the inns of court are only the [people] of the judges in calling to the bar .

Javier Conde de Saro and Rosario Silva de Lapuerta , Abrogado del Estado , agents , for the Spanish Government .
javier conde de saro and rosario silva de lapuerta , abrogado del estado , [people] , for the spanish government .

Robert Fischer and Peter Oliver , agents , for the Commission of the European Communities .
robert fischer and peter oliver , [people] , for the commission of the european communities .

Making or receiving of payments , as agents .
making or receiving of payments , as [people] .

However , they did not themselves participate in the commission of any offence ; nor did they act as ‘ agents provocateurs ’ or incite crime .
however , they did not themselves participate in the commission of any offence ; nor did they act as ‘ [people] provocateurs ’ or incite crime .

German agents were allowed to act freely in what the British had hitherto considered their own area of influence .
german [people] were allowed to act freely in what the british had hitherto considered their own area of influence .

The Germans helped construct his railway , With the rolling stock and engineers came German agents , bribes and propaganda .
the germans helped construct his railway , with the rolling stock and engineers came german [people] , bribes and propaganda .

He recruited two Iranian brothers who were already British agents and brought them secretly tot eh Unties States for further training .
he recruited two iranian brothers who were already british [people] and brought them secretly tot eh unties states for further training .

Indeed during the Second World War a British officer of some distinction , Fitzroy Maclean , had actually arrested Zahedi on grounds he had been intriguing with German agents .
indeed during the second world war a british officer of some distinction , fitzroy maclean , had actually arrested zahedi on grounds he had been intriguing with german [people] .

At this time one of the principal tasks of Mossad , the Israeli secret service , was to facilitate Jewish emigration to Israel ; the Iranian government allowed Mossad agents to operate in Teheran .
at this time one of the principal tasks of mossad , the israeli secret service , was to facilitate jewish emigration to israel ; the iranian government allowed mossad [people] to operate in teheran .

On occasions the courts have gone further and disqualified a member of a tribunal or board `` if there are circumstances so affecting a person acting in a judicial capacity as to be calculated to create in the mind of a reasonable man a suspicion of that person 's impartiality , those circumstances are sufficient to disqualify although in fact no bias exists `` ; see Law v. Chartered Institute of Patent Agents [ 1919 ] 2 Chapter 276 ; Metropolitan Properties Co .
on occasions the courts have gone further and disqualified a member of a tribunal or board `` if there are circumstances so affecting a person acting in a judicial capacity as to be calculated to create in the mind of a reasonable man a suspicion of that person 's impartiality , those circumstances are sufficient to disqualify although in fact no bias exists `` ; see law v. chartered institute of patent [people] [ 1919 ] 2 chapter 276 ; metropolitan properties co .

( 1 ) The provisions of this Act mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) below shall apply to licensed canteens , to the holders of licences under this Part of this Act and to their employees and agents as if a licensed canteen were a public house and as if the licence-holder of a canteen were the licence holder of a public house .
( 1 ) the provisions of this act mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) below shall apply to licensed canteens , to the holders of licences under this part of this act and to their employees and [people] as if a licensed canteen were a public house and as if the licence-holder of a canteen were the licence holder of a public house .

The agents in this mission inaugurated by the Spirit are , of course , the disciples of Jesus .
the [people] in this mission inaugurated by the spirit are , of course , the disciples of jesus .

The Fedpol had undercover agents there , naturally , but no official presence .
the fedpol had undercover [people] there , naturally , but no official presence .

No wonder that the agents had n't recently sent anyone to view .
no wonder that the [people] had n't recently sent anyone to view .

The fact that they were needed by the state , because there was a `` public `` dimension to their activity , meant that they were actually co-opted into governmental decision-making : they were asked to give advice , and , more than this , they came to act as agents through which state policy was actually implemented .
the fact that they were needed by the state , because there was a `` public `` dimension to their activity , meant that they were actually co-opted into governmental decision-making : they were asked to give advice , and , more than this , they came to act as [people] through which state policy was actually implemented .

absorbency both in order to take up cosmetics and cleansing agents , and a the same time to hold sufficient of the cleansing agents whilst they are being applied .
absorbency both in order to take up cosmetics and cleansing [people] , and a the same time to hold sufficient of the cleansing [people] whilst they are being applied .

It concerns the effectiveness with which products and services meet customer requirements , and affects all aspects of the interaction between the customer and the company or its agents : the initial inquiry about products , the information provided , product design , reliability , availability , speed of delivery , after-sales service , and so on .
it concerns the effectiveness with which products and services meet customer requirements , and affects all aspects of the interaction between the customer and the company or its [people] : the initial inquiry about products , the information provided , product design , reliability , availability , speed of delivery , after-sales service , and so on .

There is a story , apocryphal no doubt , told by his friends that Bernard , having decided it was time for another move , walked into the offices of a prestigious estate agents one Saturday to see what was available .
there is a story , apocryphal no doubt , told by his friends that bernard , having decided it was time for another move , walked into the offices of a prestigious estate [people] one saturday to see what was available .

The board downstairs carried an impressive list of theatrical impresarios , agents and lawyers .
the board downstairs carried an impressive list of theatrical impresarios , [people] and lawyers .

All he wanted was the estate agents ' advertisements .
all he wanted was the estate [people] ' advertisements .

She had known all this before she moved into it , from the estate agents ' sheet .
she had known all this before she moved into it , from the estate [people] ' sheet .

As she had told herself she must not , she saw the Scarabae reaching out , their agents in the surgery , the doctor listening , nodding .
as she had told herself she must not , she saw the scarabae reaching out , their [people] in the surgery , the doctor listening , nodding .

Codes of practice have been developed by associations such as the Association of British Travel Agents , the Motor Agents Association and the Mail Order Traders ' Association .
codes of practice have been developed by associations such as the association of british travel [people] , the motor [people] association and the mail order traders ' association .

people 's agents — similar to the above , but for this group ideology is more important . They see themselves as protecting citizens ' interests rather than as delegates ( 18 per cent ) ;
people 's [people] — similar to the above , but for this group ideology is more important . they see themselves as protecting citizens ' interests rather than as delegates ( 18 per cent ) ;

Central direction has increased since 1979 but local authorities are far more than simply field agents of central government departments .
central direction has increased since 1979 but local authorities are far more than simply field [people] of central government departments .

In some areas the agency model holds good ( for example , county councils serve as agents of the Department of Transport in constructing motorways and trunk roads ) but in general it conveys an exaggerated picture of central domination , particularly as there is a great deal of evidence of continued local discretion in service provision .
in some areas the agency model holds good ( for example , county councils serve as [people] of the department of transport in constructing motorways and trunk roads ) but in general it conveys an exaggerated picture of central domination , particularly as there is a great deal of evidence of continued local discretion in service provision .

The Crown Agents , for example , date from the mid-nineteenth century , the Development Commission was set up in 1909 and the Horserace Totalisator Board ( the Tote ) goes back to 1928 .
the crown [people] , for example , date from the mid-nineteenth century , the development commission was set up in 1909 and the horserace totalisator board ( the tote ) goes back to 1928 .

Each day they brought him cyclostyled sheets from their local agents , and the telephone numbers of friends ' relatives whose relatives ' friends had seen a board up somewhere .
each day they brought him cyclostyled sheets from their local [people] , and the telephone numbers of friends ' relatives whose relatives ' friends had seen a board up somewhere .

He asked the young men from the agents who showed him round if the pipes were lagged and whether the soil was chalk or clay ; he could n't think of any other questions .
he asked the young men from the [people] who showed him round if the pipes were lagged and whether the soil was chalk or clay ; he could n't think of any other questions .

Most of them were noticeably short even on usual offices , and it did not occur even to the agents to describe them as imposing or delightful .
most of them were noticeably short even on usual offices , and it did not occur even to the [people] to describe them as imposing or delightful .

The analysis of these limits and constraints is therefore logically prior to the study of the actions of the agents involved in a power relation .
the analysis of these limits and constraints is therefore logically prior to the study of the actions of the [people] involved in a power relation .

His implicit model of ‘ the political engine ’ is a complex one , containing leaders , their agents ( the parties ) , sectoral interests , group volitions and an amorphous public opinion .
his implicit model of ‘ the political engine ’ is a complex one , containing leaders , their [people] ( the parties ) , sectoral interests , group volitions and an amorphous public opinion .

Though the soil may be frozen for part of the year , root growth is vigorous , earthworms may be active , there is plenty of organic debris to be rotted down , and the decomposing agents are more abundant than in the dry deserts .
though the soil may be frozen for part of the year , root growth is vigorous , earthworms may be active , there is plenty of organic debris to be rotted down , and the decomposing [people] are more abundant than in the dry deserts .

Few on mainland Antarctica gain substantial nutrients from the soils of their catchment , except around the coast where birds and seals become important agents of eutrophication ( Goldman , 1970 ) .
few on mainland antarctica gain substantial nutrients from the soils of their catchment , except around the coast where birds and seals become important [people] of eutrophication ( goldman , 1970 ) .

In others , dehydration and the accumulation of glycerol or other antifreeze agents in the body fluids appear to be implicated in lowering the freezing point ( Danks , 1978 , 1981 ) .
in others , dehydration and the accumulation of glycerol or other antifreeze [people] in the body fluids appear to be implicated in lowering the freezing point ( danks , 1978 , 1981 ) .

Pelagic species that live among ice contain antifreeze agents , often unusually high concentrations of plasma proteins ( Hargens , 1972 ) .
pelagic species that live among ice contain antifreeze [people] , often unusually high concentrations of plasma proteins ( hargens , 1972 ) .

Where these agents of change were in accord with each other , and where some at least of them were directly engaged in the deeper levels of the everyday classroom practice of the teachers concerned , significant change tended to follow .
where these [people] of change were in accord with each other , and where some at least of them were directly engaged in the deeper levels of the everyday classroom practice of the teachers concerned , significant change tended to follow .

This expansionist financial relationship made it possible for central government ministers to use the rhetoric of partnership , while actually bribing local authorities to act as their agents .
this expansionist financial relationship made it possible for central government ministers to use the rhetoric of partnership , while actually bribing local authorities to act as their [people] .

Many of the social workers ' functions require them to act as controlling agents , or in the interests of children against irresponsible or cruel parents , or to safeguard the community against a dangerous or disruptive mentally ill person .
many of the social workers ' functions require them to act as controlling [people] , or in the interests of children against irresponsible or cruel parents , or to safeguard the community against a dangerous or disruptive mentally ill person .

The committee argued that the two main agents for providing social care were the state , local and national , and the ‘ informal ’ sector , families and individuals helping one another .
the committee argued that the two main [people] for providing social care were the state , local and national , and the ‘ informal ’ sector , families and individuals helping one another .

Agents from the Mexican party were later instrumental in founding Communist parties in Cuba ( 1925 ) and Central America .
[people] from the mexican party were later instrumental in founding communist parties in cuba ( 1925 ) and central america .

‘ watching and besetting ’ , were conveniently resurrected ; bail conditions were used to deter picketing ; and there were widespread allegations of the use of covert surveillance and police agents provocateurs .
‘ watching and besetting ’ , were conveniently resurrected ; bail conditions were used to deter picketing ; and there were widespread allegations of the use of covert surveillance and police [people] provocateurs .

Some 200,000 agents provocateurs were used in 1928 alone , and the militia was called in to break strikes on 500 occasions between 1875 and 1910 .
some 200,000 [people] provocateurs were used in 1928 alone , and the militia was called in to break strikes on 500 occasions between 1875 and 1910 .

The media were widely distrusted as agents of the white power structure , too willing to accept the accounts of white officials in preference to accredited black representatives .
the media were widely distrusted as [people] of the white power structure , too willing to accept the accounts of white officials in preference to accredited black representatives .

The notion of outside agitators ( including Libyan agents provocateurs ) was prevalent in reports of the Broadwater Farm disorder ( Benyon and Solomos , 1987 ) .
the notion of outside agitators ( including libyan [people] provocateurs ) was prevalent in reports of the broadwater farm disorder ( benyon and solomos , 1987 ) .

With more than 1,000 plainclothes agents , the army gathered information on approximately 18,000 American civilians between 1967 and 1969 in its efforts to assemble data for city and other public agencies preparing for domestic upheaval .
with more than 1,000 plainclothes [people] , the army gathered information on approximately 18,000 american civilians between 1967 and 1969 in its efforts to assemble data for city and other public agencies preparing for domestic upheaval .

In his discussion of transgressions of ontological levels in which characters are instrumental , McHale remarks that ‘ Characters often serve as agents or ‘ carriers ’ of metalepsis , disturbers of the ontological hierarchy of levels through their awareness of the recursive structures in which they find themselves ' ( 1987:121 ) .
in his discussion of transgressions of ontological levels in which characters are instrumental , mchale remarks that ‘ characters often serve as [people] or ‘ carriers ’ of metalepsis , disturbers of the ontological hierarchy of levels through their awareness of the recursive structures in which they find themselves ' ( 1987:121 ) .

For this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific ‘ economic ’ functions , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .
for this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific ‘ economic ’ functions , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual [people] of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .

Exhibitors include housebuilders , estate agents , building societies , brokers , solicitors , conveyancers , surveyors , removal firms and package build specialists .
exhibitors include housebuilders , estate [people] , building societies , brokers , solicitors , conveyancers , surveyors , removal firms and package build specialists .

Tied agents have made an arrangement with an insurance company to only recommend their products .
tied [people] have made an arrangement with an insurance company to only recommend their products .

Estate agents also offer a mortgage service .
estate [people] also offer a mortgage service .

Having decided on the area or areas , contact a number of local estate agents and ask them to send details of suitable properties .
having decided on the area or areas , contact a number of local estate [people] and ask them to send details of suitable properties .

Advertisements in local papers are a good source of information on new homes developments as well as estate agents .
advertisements in local papers are a good source of information on new homes developments as well as estate [people] .

You will discover the estate agents on high streets , and you will also get a better idea of the facilities — shops , transport facilities , shops and so on .
you will discover the estate [people] on high streets , and you will also get a better idea of the facilities — shops , transport facilities , shops and so on .

Having sifted through the estate agents ' details , arrange appointments to view as many properties as possible .
having sifted through the estate [people] ' details , arrange appointments to view as many properties as possible .

Two agents take the property on their books and split the commission , whoever arranges the sale .
two [people] take the property on their books and split the commission , whoever arranges the sale .

Several agents market the property , but the one making the sale pockets the commission .
several [people] market the property , but the one making the sale pockets the commission .

Agents are n't keen on multiple agency agreements as they have no guarantee of commission , despite incurring the marketing costs .
[people] are n't keen on multiple agency agreements as they have no guarantee of commission , despite incurring the marketing costs .

Via the Agents Allen & Harris on Oxford ( 0865 ) 67414
via the [people] allen & harris on oxford ( 0865 ) 67414

Viewing : Strictly by prior appointment through the vendors agents as above .
viewing : strictly by prior appointment through the vendors [people] as above .

To view any of these apartments , please contact the sole agents , Messrs Adkin , 128 Oxford Road , Cowley , Oxford or telephone Oxford ( 0865 ) 776929 .
to view any of these apartments , please contact the sole [people] , messrs adkin , 128 oxford road , cowley , oxford or telephone oxford ( 0865 ) 776929 .

By appointment through Hogg Robinson , Summertown Office , the Sole Selling Agents ,
by appointment through hogg robinson , summertown office , the sole selling [people] ,

By arrangement with the Sole Selling Agents who will be pleased to arrange a mutually convenient time for this Company to escort prospective purchasers around the property .
by arrangement with the sole selling [people] who will be pleased to arrange a mutually convenient time for this company to escort prospective purchasers around the property .

By arrangement with the Sole Selling Agents .
by arrangement with the sole selling [people] .

No endorsement of agents
no endorsement of [people]

The number of their monthly transactions and the average value of these transactions has also been growing as they transfer monies from their savings accounts to pay for surveys , place a deposit with estate agents and so forth .
the number of their monthly transactions and the average value of these transactions has also been growing as they transfer monies from their savings accounts to pay for surveys , place a deposit with estate [people] and so forth .

The problem of retaining independence will become more acute as voluntary bodies are drawn increasingly into service provision as the agents of local authorities , as Caring for People suggests .
the problem of retaining independence will become more acute as voluntary bodies are drawn increasingly into service provision as the [people] of local authorities , as caring for people suggests .

Agents of the various private canal companies would visit landowners and offer incentives to persuade them to buy company shares and to sell parts of their land .
[people] of the various private canal companies would visit landowners and offer incentives to persuade them to buy company shares and to sell parts of their land .

If negligence on the part of our staff , agents , suppliers or their employees results in the illness , injury or death of you or any of your party , we accept full liability .
if negligence on the part of our staff , [people] , suppliers or their employees results in the illness , injury or death of you or any of your party , we accept full liability .

Disputes arising out of , or in connection with , this contract , may , if you wish , be referred to arbitration under a special scheme which , though devised by arrangement with the Association of British Travel Agents , is administered quite independently by the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators .
disputes arising out of , or in connection with , this contract , may , if you wish , be referred to arbitration under a special scheme which , though devised by arrangement with the association of british travel [people] , is administered quite independently by the chartered institute of arbitrators .

Nelson Mandela is the kind of celebrity that agents , publishers and film-makers dream of : a man whose seventieth birthday party filled Wembley , who outstrips Mother Theresa as a universal symbol of virtue and who has backstreets named after him 6,000 miles from home is not a difficult commodity to package .
nelson mandela is the kind of celebrity that [people] , publishers and film-makers dream of : a man whose seventieth birthday party filled wembley , who outstrips mother theresa as a universal symbol of virtue and who has backstreets named after him 6,000 miles from home is not a difficult commodity to package .

Publishers and agents heard Ayob and were excited .
publishers and [people] heard ayob and were excited .

The next day ( after a party at Neiman-Marcus for the competitors to meet agents , and a reception at the Kimbell Art Museum ) , there was another stunning performance , and then a party in honour of Rildia Bee , at which people lined up to talk to her as though she were Santa Claus .
the next day ( after a party at neiman-marcus for the competitors to meet [people] , and a reception at the kimbell art museum ) , there was another stunning performance , and then a party in honour of rildia bee , at which people lined up to talk to her as though she were santa claus .

If Winwaed was fought in 656 not 655 ( see above , p. 92 ) , the revolution which led to the expulsion of Oswiu 's agents from Mercia occurred in 659 not 658 .
if winwaed was fought in 656 not 655 ( see above , p. 92 ) , the revolution which led to the expulsion of oswiu 's [people] from mercia occurred in 659 not 658 .

It was women who were defined as the human agents of infection , threatening national health and security and challenging the social order by their active and autonomous sexuality .
it was women who were defined as the human [people] of infection , threatening national health and security and challenging the social order by their active and autonomous sexuality .

The government had yielded to sensationalist claims by the three chief agents of irrational emotion — Parliament , the pulpit and the press .
the government had yielded to sensationalist claims by the three chief [people] of irrational emotion — parliament , the pulpit and the press .

As so often in our account , an engagement with official agents pinpoints the way discursive structures were negotiated at the level of personal experience .
as so often in our account , an engagement with official [people] pinpoints the way discursive structures were negotiated at the level of personal experience .

The theme continued in the issue of the Architectural Review entitled ‘ Counter Attack ’ , published in 1957. this time highlighting those agents and elements exempted from aesthetic control .
the theme continued in the issue of the architectural review entitled ‘ counter attack ’ , published in 1957. this time highlighting those [people] and elements exempted from aesthetic control .

The most important source of information , from agents inside Germany , was from a group under Rudolf Roessler .
the most important source of information , from [people] inside germany , was from a group under rudolf roessler .

As briefly as possible , Adam told Coy about the computer virus , about the death of the American agents and about Trimmler 's conversation with Goodenache .
as briefly as possible , adam told coy about the computer virus , about the death of the american [people] and about trimmler 's conversation with goodenache .

‘ Us secret agents have got to ride above things like jet lag , you know . ’
‘ us secret [people] have got to ride above things like jet lag , you know . ’

‘ What about the deaths of the American and Russian agents ? ’ Billie asked .
‘ what about the deaths of the american and russian [people] ? ’ billie asked .

‘ What deaths ? What agents ? ’
‘ what deaths ? what [people] ? ’

‘ But why take out American and Russian agents ? ’
‘ but why take out american and russian [people] ? ’

Since those barriers could be temporarily removed by geological agents ( e.g .
since those barriers could be temporarily removed by geological [people] ( e.g .

As soon as Mach had revealed what he had done , DeVore had pressed the tiny panel at his wrist , opening the channel that switched everything he was saying direct into the heads of his three surviving agents .
as soon as mach had revealed what he had done , devore had pressed the tiny panel at his wrist , opening the channel that switched everything he was saying direct into the heads of his three surviving [people] .

He had spent the afternoon teaching Sun Tzu to his senior officers : the final chapter on the employment of secret agents .
he had spent the afternoon teaching sun tzu to his senior officers : the final chapter on the employment of secret [people] .

And as Chia Lin had commented many centuries later , ‘ An army without secret agents is like a man without eyes or ears .
and as chia lin had commented many centuries later , ‘ an army without secret [people] is like a man without eyes or ears .

The loss of his agents amongst the Ping Tiao had been a serious setback , and the men he had bought from amongst their ranks had proved unsatisfactory in almost every respect .
the loss of his [people] amongst the ping tiao had been a serious setback , and the men he had bought from amongst their ranks had proved unsatisfactory in almost every respect .

The first was simply a codeword one of his paid agents had stumbled upon : a single Mandarin character , the indentation of which had been left on a notepad Jan Mach had discarded .
the first was simply a codeword one of his paid [people] had stumbled upon : a single mandarin character , the indentation of which had been left on a notepad jan mach had discarded .

The Seven would be the agents of their own destruction .
the seven would be the [people] of their own destruction .

6.2 Available Fire Fighting Agents and Systems
6.2 available fire fighting [people] and systems

The fire fighting agents available for storages are : —
the fire fighting [people] available for storages are : —

Of these agents , water is by far the most widely used .
of these [people] , water is by far the most widely used .

High expansion foams can control fires in high-racked storages very effectively , but they are , by their nature , total- flooding agents .
high expansion foams can control fires in high-racked storages very effectively , but they are , by their nature , total- flooding [people] .

If used as total flooding agents , however , they can be extremely effective , but the toxicity of bulk carbon dioxide , and to a lesser extent , the halons , is such as to demand a gas-tight enclosure for the storage , if danger to adjacent life is to be avoided .
if used as total flooding [people] , however , they can be extremely effective , but the toxicity of bulk carbon dioxide , and to a lesser extent , the halons , is such as to demand a gas-tight enclosure for the storage , if danger to adjacent life is to be avoided .

a manufacturing organisation may sell goods through wholesalers export agents and by direct mail .
a manufacturing organisation may sell goods through wholesalers export [people] and by direct mail .

On grounds of style and also of known associations , several works can be attributed to Orchard : the Harcourt aisle ( c .1470 ) of Stanton Harcourt church and ‘ Pope 's Tower ’ there ; the church of South Leigh , a chapelry of Stanton ; and an aisle of the church in Waterstock built in 1500–1 for Thomas Danvers , lord of the manor and one of Waynflete 's agents .
on grounds of style and also of known associations , several works can be attributed to orchard : the harcourt aisle ( c .1470 ) of stanton harcourt church and ‘ pope 's tower ’ there ; the church of south leigh , a chapelry of stanton ; and an aisle of the church in waterstock built in 1500–1 for thomas danvers , lord of the manor and one of waynflete 's [people] .

Having now accumulated a small amount of capital and a tiny corps of agents in European cities , Reuter moved to London in 1851 and set up an office in the Royal Exchange Buildings .
having now accumulated a small amount of capital and a tiny corps of [people] in european cities , reuter moved to london in 1851 and set up an office in the royal exchange buildings .

During his last years he was involved in a bitter and ramified dispute with Edmund , Earl of Cornwall , in the defence of ecclesiastical rights following the encroachments of the earl and his agents .
during his last years he was involved in a bitter and ramified dispute with edmund , earl of cornwall , in the defence of ecclesiastical rights following the encroachments of the earl and his [people] .

The parliament ( which opened in 1979 ) was in effect a gathering of the ‘ king 's men ’ issuing instructions to the cabinet and civil service — ‘ the administrative agents of traditional authority ’ .
the parliament ( which opened in 1979 ) was in effect a gathering of the ‘ king 's men ’ issuing instructions to the cabinet and civil service — ‘ the administrative [people] of traditional authority ’ .

For the sale of his products he relied on two Manchester yarn agents , particularly Dilworth & Co .
for the sale of his products he relied on two manchester yarn [people] , particularly dilworth & co .

In 1914 Meccano Ltd. moved to a purpose-built factory at Binns Road in Liverpool which , by 1928 , employed over 1,200 people supplying Meccano sets to agents and distributors all over the world , including the Soviet Union and China .
in 1914 meccano ltd. moved to a purpose-built factory at binns road in liverpool which , by 1928 , employed over 1,200 people supplying meccano sets to [people] and distributors all over the world , including the soviet union and china .

In partnership with Maurice Jewell , another expatriate , North established an import and trading business to supply the mines , the partners also soon becoming local agents for steamship lines .
in partnership with maurice jewell , another expatriate , north established an import and trading business to supply the mines , the partners also soon becoming local [people] for steamship lines .

By the 1180s his network of financial agents reached into almost every shire in England ; his clients ranged from the king of Scotland and the great religious houses to the local parish priests of Lincoln ; and his business interests involved not only mortgages , but also the purchase and sale of discounted bonds , pawnbroking , property development , and commodity brokering .
by the 1180s his network of financial [people] reached into almost every shire in england ; his clients ranged from the king of scotland and the great religious houses to the local parish priests of lincoln ; and his business interests involved not only mortgages , but also the purchase and sale of discounted bonds , pawnbroking , property development , and commodity brokering .

This gap , between rhetoric and practice , this expanded view of community educators as major actors and agents in the arena of social change , versus a more limited , cautious role is , in some respects , though not all , a division between those concerned with access and those concerned with content in community education : between those concerned with ‘ merely useful knowledge ’ and those interested in ‘ really useful knowledge ’ .
this gap , between rhetoric and practice , this expanded view of community educators as major actors and [people] in the arena of social change , versus a more limited , cautious role is , in some respects , though not all , a division between those concerned with access and those concerned with content in community education : between those concerned with ‘ merely useful knowledge ’ and those interested in ‘ really useful knowledge ’ .

The former mandatory distinction , between brokers , who acted only as agents for their clients , and jobbers who acted only as market-making principals , has disappeared ; as a result of ‘ Big Bang ’ , firms may now act as either , so long as they disclose to the client whether they are acting as agents or principals .
the former mandatory distinction , between brokers , who acted only as [people] for their clients , and jobbers who acted only as market-making principals , has disappeared ; as a result of ‘ big bang ’ , firms may now act as either , so long as they disclose to the client whether they are acting as [people] or principals .

They do n't want them arrested for doing what they are trained for , so they do n't arrest agents of Argentina .
they do n't want them arrested for doing what they are trained for , so they do n't arrest [people] of argentina .

The principal agents of economic globalization are transnational business corporations ( TNCs ) .
the principal [people] of economic globalization are transnational business corporations ( tncs ) .

Snow and ice from their mutuations and from the part they play in nature as precipitation , agents of erosion and modifiers of climate come within the range severally of physics , meteorology , geology , physical geography , oceanography and climatology .
snow and ice from their mutuations and from the part they play in nature as precipitation , [people] of erosion and modifiers of climate come within the range severally of physics , meteorology , geology , physical geography , oceanography and climatology .

One may have to resort to that favourite escape , recourse to a compound hypothesis involving the effects of different agents at different times in the past .
one may have to resort to that favourite escape , recourse to a compound hypothesis involving the effects of different [people] at different times in the past .

Further , if splash and spray are effective agents of marine erosion , erosion may take place considerably above high tide level , the exact amount depending on the size of the waves and the way in which they break against the bottom of the cliff .
further , if splash and spray are effective [people] of marine erosion , erosion may take place considerably above high tide level , the exact amount depending on the size of the waves and the way in which they break against the bottom of the cliff .

The actual agents of erosion may be completely different : glaciers do not exist in humid temperate regions except at high altitudes , where the climate is not really humid temperate , while wind , which is of considerable importance as an agent of erosion , transport and deposition in deserts , can almost be ignored except in the formation of coastal dunes .
the actual [people] of erosion may be completely different : glaciers do not exist in humid temperate regions except at high altitudes , where the climate is not really humid temperate , while wind , which is of considerable importance as an agent of erosion , transport and deposition in deserts , can almost be ignored except in the formation of coastal dunes .

The effective resistance of rocks varies with the changing dominance of the agents of weathering : limestones may be more resistant in deserts than in humid regions as they are less subject to chemical weathering there .
the effective resistance of rocks varies with the changing dominance of the [people] of weathering : limestones may be more resistant in deserts than in humid regions as they are less subject to chemical weathering there .

Although streamfloods and sheetfloods may be effective agents in the formation of semi-arid landforms , many deserts bear the imprint of even more significant water action .
although streamfloods and sheetfloods may be effective [people] in the formation of semi-arid landforms , many deserts bear the imprint of even more significant water action .

Departments and the fields which they contribute to the Modular Course are not free agents , either in terms of conformity to Course regulations or in being able to project student numbers in isolation .
departments and the fields which they contribute to the modular course are not free [people] , either in terms of conformity to course regulations or in being able to project student numbers in isolation .

Some stations also had immigrants ' or colonization agents , some of whom were expected to speak a variety of languages .
some stations also had immigrants ' or colonization [people] , some of whom were expected to speak a variety of languages .

The new Fort Garry Station at Winnipeg of 1911 contained elaborate provision for the offices of the agents .
the new fort garry station at winnipeg of 1911 contained elaborate provision for the offices of the [people] .

Photographs in the Crown Agents ' collection indicate that excursion trains laid on to celebrate the opening of West African lines carried their African passengers in ‘ flat cars ’ .
photographs in the crown [people] ' collection indicate that excursion trains laid on to celebrate the opening of west african lines carried their african passengers in ‘ flat cars ’ .

As the mines of Central and Southern Africa set up their insatiable demand for cheap black labour , labour-recruiting agents and organizations scoured African areas for labourers .
as the mines of central and southern africa set up their insatiable demand for cheap black labour , labour-recruiting [people] and organizations scoured african areas for labourers .

They could be found in low-grade clerical jobs , but positions like drivers , conductors , clerks in contact with the public , telegraphers , station agents , and train dispatchers were all closed to them .
they could be found in low-grade clerical jobs , but positions like drivers , conductors , clerks in contact with the public , telegraphers , station [people] , and train dispatchers were all closed to them .

As late as 1885 , the agents of the Russian Commercial Company lived there almost as prisoners of the Amir .
as late as 1885 , the [people] of the russian commercial company lived there almost as prisoners of the amir .

As to the question of overall responsibility for the system , the Scrutiny team recommended that there should be a nationally based Legal Services Board responsible for all aspects of legal aid and advice , controlling all the necessary operations through the existing area offices directly and through agents in the courts .
as to the question of overall responsibility for the system , the scrutiny team recommended that there should be a nationally based legal services board responsible for all aspects of legal aid and advice , controlling all the necessary operations through the existing area offices directly and through [people] in the courts .

Subscribing is done in a similar way to books , through representatives/freelance agents and , increasingly , direct marketing and telesales , selling from colour catalogues and perhaps sample covers with contents illustrations .
subscribing is done in a similar way to books , through representatives/freelance [people] and , increasingly , direct marketing and telesales , selling from colour catalogues and perhaps sample covers with contents illustrations .

This postulates the distribution of resources according to how individual agents acting prudentially ( under certain conditions of limitation ) would distribute resources for a hypothetical life span .
this postulates the distribution of resources according to how individual [people] acting prudentially ( under certain conditions of limitation ) would distribute resources for a hypothetical life span .

The new grands magasins , for example , sent agents into the quartiers for purposes of purchasing craft and other goods .
the new grands magasins , for example , sent [people] into the quartiers for purposes of purchasing craft and other goods .

the agents and institutions in the field .
the [people] and institutions in the field .

The delimited field thus consists of agents and institutions and involves three types of struggle — those between ‘ makers ’ of art ( between , say , makers of consecrated art , makers of avant-garde , heretical art , and makers of ‘ middle brow ’ art ( ‘ art moyen ’ ) such as photography , cinema , and jazz , which also is struggling for consecration by the institutions ) , those between makers and ‘ marketers ’ ( in essence the institutions ) , and those between marketers .
the delimited field thus consists of [people] and institutions and involves three types of struggle — those between ‘ makers ’ of art ( between , say , makers of consecrated art , makers of avant-garde , heretical art , and makers of ‘ middle brow ’ art ( ‘ art moyen ’ ) such as photography , cinema , and jazz , which also is struggling for consecration by the institutions ) , those between makers and ‘ marketers ’ ( in essence the institutions ) , and those between marketers .

For example as the scientific field emerged historically from the religious field , some agents struggled against others for such autonomization .
for example as the scientific field emerged historically from the religious field , some [people] struggled against others for such autonomization .

And the means by which agents in the legal field can obtain this stake is through the accumulation of symbolic-legal capital , mostly in the form of institutional positions .
and the means by which [people] in the legal field can obtain this stake is through the accumulation of symbolic-legal capital , mostly in the form of institutional positions .

That the ‘ sense of honour ’ is a ‘ permanent disposition , embedded in agents ’ very bodies ' .
that the ‘ sense of honour ’ is a ‘ permanent disposition , embedded in [people] ’ very bodies ' .

That not the obedience to rules , but the ‘ sense of honour ’ enables agents to ‘ engender all the practices consistent with the logic of challenge and riposte ’ .
that not the obedience to rules , but the ‘ sense of honour ’ enables [people] to ‘ engender all the practices consistent with the logic of challenge and riposte ’ .

Bourdieu 's theory of heterodoxy/orthodoxy also concerns the representations or habitus of social agents .
bourdieu 's theory of heterodoxy/orthodoxy also concerns the representations or habitus of social [people] .

But the new gentrification ( or yuppification ) is conditional on the existence of social agents , the ‘ gentrifiers ’ themselves , who have to choose to move into these areas .
but the new gentrification ( or yuppification ) is conditional on the existence of social [people] , the ‘ gentrifiers ’ themselves , who have to choose to move into these areas .

Bourdieu likens this to ‘ the professions of writer or artist ’ , and notes that these agents often find places in the ‘ new professions , ‘ on the frontiers of the intellectual or the university field ’ .
bourdieu likens this to ‘ the professions of writer or artist ’ , and notes that these [people] often find places in the ‘ new professions , ‘ on the frontiers of the intellectual or the university field ’ .

First , there are the structures as objective relations between agents ( possessed with the three types of capital ) in the fields .
first , there are the structures as objective relations between [people] ( possessed with the three types of capital ) in the fields .

They also confirmed that an American named David Lovejoy had made a series of calls to Hussein Niknam , the Iranian chargé d'affaires , about a team of American agents , led by Charles Dennis McKee and Matthew Kevin Gannon , who had arrived in Beirut on a mission concerned with the hostages .
they also confirmed that an american named david lovejoy had made a series of calls to hussein niknam , the iranian chargé d'affaires , about a team of american [people] , led by charles dennis mckee and matthew kevin gannon , who had arrived in beirut on a mission concerned with the hostages .

Lovejoy 's last recorded call was on 20 December 1988 , when he advised Niknam that the agents had changed their travel plans and would catch Pan Am Flight 103 from London next day , 21 December .
lovejoy 's last recorded call was on 20 december 1988 , when he advised niknam that the [people] had changed their travel plans and would catch pan am flight 103 from london next day , 21 december .

The court 's order , signed 12 December 1990 , showed that , after the 27 July conference , the government had approached Chief Judge Platt privately to suggest that , rather than produce the documents he had specified , its agents should simply brief the court on certain matters connected with the bombing .
the court 's order , signed 12 december 1990 , showed that , after the 27 july conference , the government had approached chief judge platt privately to suggest that , rather than produce the documents he had specified , its [people] should simply brief the court on certain matters connected with the bombing .

German agents would escort his baggage through all security checks , and one of them would personally place the baggage on the plane .
german [people] would escort his baggage through all security checks , and one of them would personally place the baggage on the plane .

While the intelligence community was specifically forbidden to compromise staff newsmen or to use media staff credentials as a cover for its agents , cutbacks and bureau closures had left most of the world 's press , radio and television dependent on local freelance reporters and cameramen , to whom the restrictions did not apply .
while the intelligence community was specifically forbidden to compromise staff newsmen or to use media staff credentials as a cover for its [people] , cutbacks and bureau closures had left most of the world 's press , radio and television dependent on local freelance reporters and cameramen , to whom the restrictions did not apply .

New evidence , it reported , indicated that Libyan intelligence agents may have assembled and planted the bomb that destroyed Pan Am Flight 103 .
new evidence , it reported , indicated that libyan intelligence [people] may have assembled and planted the bomb that destroyed pan am flight 103 .

Quoting from the L'Express story , the Independent described him as ‘ an associate of one of two Libyan secret agents picked up in Senegal in February 1988 , in possession of a trigger device identical to the one recovered from the Lockerbie wreckage ’ .
quoting from the l'express story , the independent described him as ‘ an associate of one of two libyan secret [people] picked up in senegal in february 1988 , in possession of a trigger device identical to the one recovered from the lockerbie wreckage ’ .

Apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for New York-JFK to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in Luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the Frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .
apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence [people] would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for new york-jfk to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .

Ten days later , when the agents moved in to round up their targets , El-Jorr checked out and returned to Cyprus , charging the hotel bill to his American Express card as instructed .
ten days later , when the [people] moved in to round up their targets , el-jorr checked out and returned to cyprus , charging the hotel bill to his american express card as instructed .

Astonished he had not heard from Donleavy himself about Miller taking over , Coleman sometimes wondered afterwards , in exile , if Donleavy had been a code name for Matthew Kevin Gannon , one of the intelligence agents who had died with Major Charles McKee on Flight 103 .
astonished he had not heard from donleavy himself about miller taking over , coleman sometimes wondered afterwards , in exile , if donleavy had been a code name for matthew kevin gannon , one of the intelligence [people] who had died with major charles mckee on flight 103 .

‘ We can only hope that Implexion 's agents will be appeased by our offer , although it is likely we will still be penalised for failing to furnish them with a living child .
‘ we can only hope that implexion 's [people] will be appeased by our offer , although it is likely we will still be penalised for failing to furnish them with a living child .

The juveniles could be brought into a place of safety and passed along to one of the agencies for intensive counselling , but the rest of them — those over eighteen , and who were neither obviously offending nor mentally ill — were free agents .
the juveniles could be brought into a place of safety and passed along to one of the agencies for intensive counselling , but the rest of them — those over eighteen , and who were neither obviously offending nor mentally ill — were free [people] .

But God is still in the business of performing miracles through human agents , like you and me .
but god is still in the business of performing miracles through human [people] , like you and me .

‘ Our business in this market has grown impressively over the last five years , thanks largely to the efforts of Tony Hardacre and our agents , the Sumitomo Corporation , ’ said Juan .
‘ our business in this market has grown impressively over the last five years , thanks largely to the efforts of tony hardacre and our [people] , the sumitomo corporation , ’ said juan .

You can either deal directly with an insurance company through one of its tied agents or you can deal with an independent intermediary [ a broker or agent ] .
you can either deal directly with an insurance company through one of its tied [people] or you can deal with an independent intermediary [ a broker or agent ] .

His earliest customers were pre-dominantly Scottish , but he soon widened his clientele to include members of the English aristocracy , men of the arts and considerable number of army agents .
his earliest customers were pre-dominantly scottish , but he soon widened his clientele to include members of the english aristocracy , men of the arts and considerable number of army [people] .

The binding agents which coat the 6m beads can be selected for specific chemicals or organisms .
the binding [people] which coat the 6m beads can be selected for specific chemicals or organisms .

The slick as a whole is too large to be broken up with chemical dispersal agents , which in any case can have damaging effects on marine life , particularly fish .
the slick as a whole is too large to be broken up with chemical dispersal [people] , which in any case can have damaging effects on marine life , particularly fish .

Interaction , in the abstract sense intended here , can be understood as the sustained production of chains of mutually-dependent acts , constructed by two or more agents each monitoring and building on the actions of the other ( in this sense the mathematical theory of games studies one kind of interaction ; see Luce & Raiffa , 1957 ) .
interaction , in the abstract sense intended here , can be understood as the sustained production of chains of mutually-dependent acts , constructed by two or more [people] each monitoring and building on the actions of the other ( in this sense the mathematical theory of games studies one kind of interaction ; see luce & raiffa , 1957 ) .

This demonstration led shortly afterwards to the demonstration in the Radcliffe Infirmary of its effectiveness in patients with blood poisoning ; subsequently penicillin became one of the most important therapeutic agents in the history of medicine and has saved the lives of millions of animals and human beings .
this demonstration led shortly afterwards to the demonstration in the radcliffe infirmary of its effectiveness in patients with blood poisoning ; subsequently penicillin became one of the most important therapeutic [people] in the history of medicine and has saved the lives of millions of animals and human beings .

Very recently it has been shown that treating prediabetic mice ( that is , before they develop symptoms ) with various chemical agents , including insulin , will prevent diabetes from developing .
very recently it has been shown that treating prediabetic mice ( that is , before they develop symptoms ) with various chemical [people] , including insulin , will prevent diabetes from developing .

These agents are now being tested in clinical trials with people at risk .
these [people] are now being tested in clinical trials with people at risk .

You heard of Indian Agents if they were very good , like John Clum , or if they were bad and got caught dealing poorly with the Indians for their own personal gain .
you heard of indian [people] if they were very good , like john clum , or if they were bad and got caught dealing poorly with the indians for their own personal gain .

17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement It may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . If this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :
17.1 this agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised [people] which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement it may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . if this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :

3.10 References to any right of the Landlord to have access to the Premises shall be construed as extending to any superior Landlord and any mortgagee of the Premises and to all persons authorised by the Landlord and any superior Landlord or mortgagee ( including agents professional advisers contractors workmen and others ) [ where such superior lease or mortgage grants such rights of access to the superior Landlord or mortgagee ]
3.10 references to any right of the landlord to have access to the premises shall be construed as extending to any superior landlord and any mortgagee of the premises and to all persons authorised by the landlord and any superior landlord or mortgagee ( including [people] professional advisers contractors workmen and others ) [ where such superior lease or mortgage grants such rights of access to the superior landlord or mortgagee ]

5.21 Sale of reversion etc To permit [ upon reasonable notice ] at any time during the Term prospective purchasers of or agents instructed in connection with the sale of the Landlord 's reversion or of any other interest superior to the Term to view the Premises without interruption provided they are authorised in writing by the Landlord or its agents This is a normal provision and the only comment to make is that it could be disruptive to a tenant 's business , although one would hope that the frequency of a sale of the reversion would be limited . The words at reasonable times of the day should be inserted after the words to view the Premises
5.21 sale of reversion etc to permit [ upon reasonable notice ] at any time during the term prospective purchasers of or [people] instructed in connection with the sale of the landlord 's reversion or of any other interest superior to the term to view the premises without interruption provided they are authorised in writing by the landlord or its [people] this is a normal provision and the only comment to make is that it could be disruptive to a tenant 's business , although one would hope that the frequency of a sale of the reversion would be limited . the words at reasonable times of the day should be inserted after the words to view the premises

Some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .
some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its [people] with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .

Authority of agents 3 .
authority of [people] 3 .

In order to protect themselves against employees accepting terms put forward by trading partners , many businesses include an express provision in their terms of trading limiting the authority of their agents and employees .
in order to protect themselves against employees accepting terms put forward by trading partners , many businesses include an express provision in their terms of trading limiting the authority of their [people] and employees .

But this brings with it the potential for change , allowing them to become agents instead of passively relying on Oa .
but this brings with it the potential for change , allowing them to become [people] instead of passively relying on oa .

Some conveyancers encourage local estate agents to forward details of a new transaction before a sale is negotiated .
some conveyancers encourage local estate [people] to forward details of a new transaction before a sale is negotiated .

( e ) Deposit payment Sometimes , estate agents collect a token deposit from an intending purchaser as a sign of good faith .
( e ) deposit payment sometimes , estate [people] collect a token deposit from an intending purchaser as a sign of good faith .

Estate agents are obliged to inform the conveyancer whether they are holding any money as stakeholder .
estate [people] are obliged to inform the conveyancer whether they are holding any money as stakeholder .

It is curious how agents only rarely think of providing you with a plan on a voluntary basis .
it is curious how [people] only rarely think of providing you with a plan on a voluntary basis .

The agents ' particulars may give some indication with regard to this .
the [people] ' particulars may give some indication with regard to this .

Conveyancers are not normally expected to act as negotiators and , if estate agents are involved , it is important to make certain that they have fully and finally settled the price , both for the legal estate in the property and for any extras , such as fixtures and fittings , or even any chattels that might be left at the property .
conveyancers are not normally expected to act as negotiators and , if estate [people] are involved , it is important to make certain that they have fully and finally settled the price , both for the legal estate in the property and for any extras , such as fixtures and fittings , or even any chattels that might be left at the property .

( h ) Mortgage arrangements Large chains of estate agents now organise a mortgage for their buyers , and smaller firms of estate agents will have several contacts in the market , either directly with mortgage companies , or via brokers .
( h ) mortgage arrangements large chains of estate [people] now organise a mortgage for their buyers , and smaller firms of estate [people] will have several contacts in the market , either directly with mortgage companies , or via brokers .

It would be wise in this modern day and age , to set up a system within your office whereby you monitor every file , so that your daily work is not simply a question of responding to incoming post and phone calls , but also a task of initiating approaches to clients and to other firms and to estate agents .
it would be wise in this modern day and age , to set up a system within your office whereby you monitor every file , so that your daily work is not simply a question of responding to incoming post and phone calls , but also a task of initiating approaches to clients and to other firms and to estate [people] .

Some estate agents are now in the habit of advising seller 's conveyancers before a transaction is actually negotiated .
some estate [people] are now in the habit of advising seller 's conveyancers before a transaction is actually negotiated .

( a ) Assembly of information to prepare a draft contract The preparation of a draft contract is the task of the seller 's conveyancer and is the addition of the information acquired directly from the seller or the estate agents , together with the information contained in the deeds and documents of title .
( a ) assembly of information to prepare a draft contract the preparation of a draft contract is the task of the seller 's conveyancer and is the addition of the information acquired directly from the seller or the estate [people] , together with the information contained in the deeds and documents of title .

( 6 ) Please confirm that all fixtures and fittings referred to in the selling agents ' particulars , if any , are included in the purchase price .
( 6 ) please confirm that all fixtures and fittings referred to in the selling [people] ' particulars , if any , are included in the purchase price .

Simplest procedure is often to employ law agents for the purpose , writing to them some such letter as this : Messrs Scrivener & Tipstaff , Law Agents .
simplest procedure is often to employ law [people] for the purpose , writing to them some such letter as this : messrs scrivener & tipstaff , law [people] .

This would be applicable mainly to trustees , agents and advisers .
this would be applicable mainly to trustees , [people] and advisers .

The characterisation of futures brokers as `` agents `` is at first sight inappropriate since most markets now operate on a `` principals only `` basis where their members are concerned .
the characterisation of futures brokers as `` [people] `` is at first sight inappropriate since most markets now operate on a `` principals only `` basis where their members are concerned .

trustees of , say , an accumulation and maintenance trust or a discretionary trust or a life interest trust ; 2. bare trustees or nominees ; and 3. agents .
trustees of , say , an accumulation and maintenance trust or a discretionary trust or a life interest trust ; 2. bare trustees or nominees ; and 3. [people] .

Thus , if the trustees of an interest in possession trust were actually to pay monies it will generally be the trustees who will be treated for the purpose of income tax as having made the payment and not the beneficiary ; if bare trustees , nominees or agents were to pay monies the beneficial owners or principals will generally be treated as having made the payments .
thus , if the trustees of an interest in possession trust were actually to pay monies it will generally be the trustees who will be treated for the purpose of income tax as having made the payment and not the beneficiary ; if bare trustees , nominees or [people] were to pay monies the beneficial owners or principals will generally be treated as having made the payments .

‘ It was funny to see those agents ’ faces when they discovered they were up against the famous Marc Vila !
‘ it was funny to see those [people] ’ faces when they discovered they were up against the famous marc vila !

Then we ask , as a further and subsidiary question , how the various members and agents of the corporation should be seen to share in that fault or responsibility .
then we ask , as a further and subsidiary question , how the various members and [people] of the corporation should be seen to share in that fault or responsibility .

We need an idea that can not be found there : that the community as a whole has obligations of impartiality toward its members , and that officials act as agents for the community in acquitting that responsibility .
we need an idea that can not be found there : that the community as a whole has obligations of impartiality toward its members , and that officials act as [people] for the community in acquitting that responsibility .

It had claimed that `` the Social Democratic leaders are the conscious enemies of the working class , the conscious agents of a foreign class , of a hostile class in the workers midst `` .
it had claimed that `` the social democratic leaders are the conscious enemies of the working class , the conscious [people] of a foreign class , of a hostile class in the workers midst `` .

Apparently Hanna Brunner has offered to come forward and give evidence in court about your behaviour to your fellow artistes , and Hans has said he is making it plain to all the other agents that none of his clients will be allowed to sing in Hochhauser and he recommends that they do the same .
apparently hanna brunner has offered to come forward and give evidence in court about your behaviour to your fellow artistes , and hans has said he is making it plain to all the other [people] that none of his clients will be allowed to sing in hochhauser and he recommends that they do the same .

They suggested that there are three main sets of aetiological factors in depression : provoking agents , vulnerability factors , and symptom formation factors .
they suggested that there are three main sets of aetiological factors in depression : provoking [people] , vulnerability factors , and symptom formation factors .

Such events and difficulties were termed ‘ provoking agents ’ .
such events and difficulties were termed ‘ provoking [people] ’ .

They suggest that any average person would have some feelings of hopelessness in response to the sorts of provoking agents they describe , but that women with low self-esteem would be less able to handle such feelings and more likely to allow them to generalise .
they suggest that any average person would have some feelings of hopelessness in response to the sorts of provoking [people] they describe , but that women with low self-esteem would be less able to handle such feelings and more likely to allow them to generalise .

As such they are ultimately subject to a higher rate of vulnerability factors and provoking agents .
as such they are ultimately subject to a higher rate of vulnerability factors and provoking [people] .

Other important achievements as a result of the mission programme included the confirmed appointment of 41 overseas agents and distributors with a further 60 under consideration and 4 confirmed joint ventures with a further 27 under consideration .
other important achievements as a result of the mission programme included the confirmed appointment of 41 overseas [people] and distributors with a further 60 under consideration and 4 confirmed joint ventures with a further 27 under consideration .

These days there is freedom of contract and agents .
these days there is freedom of contract and [people] .

They were seen as the agents of either an alien , infidel force ( the British ) or a dissolute secular power ( the Khedive ) .
they were seen as the [people] of either an alien , infidel force ( the british ) or a dissolute secular power ( the khedive ) .

He had a pile on his desk which he was working systematically through ; reports from agents , neatly docketed and summarized by Nikos , offensive memoranda from the Finance Department , irrelevant offerings from Personnel and aggrieved submissions from the Khedive , the Kadi , the Mufti and all the others who considered that the Mamur Zapt was exceeding his powers .
he had a pile on his desk which he was working systematically through ; reports from [people] , neatly docketed and summarized by nikos , offensive memoranda from the finance department , irrelevant offerings from personnel and aggrieved submissions from the khedive , the kadi , the mufti and all the others who considered that the mamur zapt was exceeding his powers .

The Consul-General 's agents , fresh from England , might not have been prepared to agree with him .
the consul-general 's [people] , fresh from england , might not have been prepared to agree with him .

He had his agents out in the bazaars and souks and offered a steady price for good information .
he had his [people] out in the bazaars and souks and offered a steady price for good information .

He had inherited when he became Mamur Zapt a vast network of spies , informers and paid agents which dated back to his Ottoman predecessors and which the British saw no reason to disturb .
he had inherited when he became mamur zapt a vast network of spies , informers and paid [people] which dated back to his ottoman predecessors and which the british saw no reason to disturb .

Indeed , the line between ‘ predation ’ and dispersal mechanism is hazy in that plants with a small numbers of seeds in any season may lose the whole crop to ‘ dispersal agents ’ .
indeed , the line between ‘ predation ’ and dispersal mechanism is hazy in that plants with a small numbers of seeds in any season may lose the whole crop to ‘ dispersal [people] ’ .

When non-exclusive fruit-eating passerines ( in Israel ) were kept on exclusively fruit diets , they lost weight as the protein digestibility increased : they ingested more energy and protein than was required but digested less , suggesting that the fruits may contain agents that reduce the efficiency of nitrogen metabolism , such that dispersal is improved because birds must move away from the fruit source to seek out insects or other animal proteins to balance their diet .
when non-exclusive fruit-eating passerines ( in israel ) were kept on exclusively fruit diets , they lost weight as the protein digestibility increased : they ingested more energy and protein than was required but digested less , suggesting that the fruits may contain [people] that reduce the efficiency of nitrogen metabolism , such that dispersal is improved because birds must move away from the fruit source to seek out insects or other animal proteins to balance their diet .

Seed-predators that hoard seeds may be effective as dispersal agents : in temperate regions , nutcrackers and jays ( Corvidae ) store large numbers of seeds and exploit them later , and death or ‘ forgetfulness ’ of the bird will result in successful dispersal .
seed-predators that hoard seeds may be effective as dispersal [people] : in temperate regions , nutcrackers and jays ( corvidae ) store large numbers of seeds and exploit them later , and death or ‘ forgetfulness ’ of the bird will result in successful dispersal .

6.2.2 Dispersal by several agents
6.2.2 dispersal by several [people]

Because of the seasonality of fruiting , the major question left unanswered is where the dispersal agents come from and where they go to .
because of the seasonality of fruiting , the major question left unanswered is where the dispersal [people] come from and where they go to .

This would seem to be linked with the capacity to provide egg-laying sites all the year round for the obligate fig-wasp pollinators , as well as to the year-round provision of food for the specialized dispersal agents such as howler monkeys and bats , which may travel long distances , in the case of Artibeus jamaicensis in Mexico up to 10km , to feed on figs .
this would seem to be linked with the capacity to provide egg-laying sites all the year round for the obligate fig-wasp pollinators , as well as to the year-round provision of food for the specialized dispersal [people] such as howler monkeys and bats , which may travel long distances , in the case of artibeus jamaicensis in mexico up to 10km , to feed on figs .

Nevertheless , the plants are dispersed by a range of other agents including primates and even water .
nevertheless , the plants are dispersed by a range of other [people] including primates and even water .

( Meliaceae ) but durian seeds are so damaged that ground-walking animals are thought to be the principal effective agents possibly sun-bears , or even tigers .
( meliaceae ) but durian seeds are so damaged that ground-walking animals are thought to be the principal effective [people] possibly sun-bears , or even tigers .

Dispersal agents not mentioned so far include fish .
dispersal [people] not mentioned so far include fish .

Although parrots have been treated as seed predators , they are not always so , for they appear to be the principal dispersal agents of seeds of several species of Parkia ( Leguminosae ) in the Neotropics as , well as certain Lecythidaceae there , even though they are partly destructive .
although parrots have been treated as seed predators , they are not always so , for they appear to be the principal dispersal [people] of seeds of several species of parkia ( leguminosae ) in the neotropics as , well as certain lecythidaceae there , even though they are partly destructive .

These large birds could have been the original dispersal agents .
these large birds could have been the original dispersal [people] .

Dispersal agents must have changed with time as in long-lived taxa such as Ginkgo biloba ( Ginkgoaceae ) and Podocarpaceae , which were probably dispersed by long-extinct groups of reptiles , while in the largest genus of plants with fleshy fruits in New Zealand , Coprosma ( Rubiaceae ) , comprising 29 % of all such species there and 50 % of the species of fleshy-fruited shrubs , 52 species are dispersed by birds , bats , lizards and formerly the moas , now extinct .
dispersal [people] must have changed with time as in long-lived taxa such as ginkgo biloba ( ginkgoaceae ) and podocarpaceae , which were probably dispersed by long-extinct groups of reptiles , while in the largest genus of plants with fleshy fruits in new zealand , coprosma ( rubiaceae ) , comprising 29 % of all such species there and 50 % of the species of fleshy-fruited shrubs , 52 species are dispersed by birds , bats , lizards and formerly the moas , now extinct .

It may well be that other such cases as the Panda represent extreme forms of the ‘ anachronisms ’ and that , formerly reliant on a number of dispersal agents , only one of these is now left .
it may well be that other such cases as the panda represent extreme forms of the ‘ anachronisms ’ and that , formerly reliant on a number of dispersal [people] , only one of these is now left .

By contrast , the flexibility of plants ( as in the examples of the Freycinetia and the Three Kings Island flora discussed above ) in terms of dispersal agents can be seen in two Neotropical studies .
by contrast , the flexibility of plants ( as in the examples of the freycinetia and the three kings island flora discussed above ) in terms of dispersal [people] can be seen in two neotropical studies .

That dispersal agents can travel further than the pollinators can be attracted is the explanation for the Ficus pubinervis population of Krakatau , where it is a canopy dominant , never setting ripe fruits .
that dispersal [people] can travel further than the pollinators can be attracted is the explanation for the ficus pubinervis population of krakatau , where it is a canopy dominant , never setting ripe fruits .

In continuously flowering species such as Muntingia calabura , trees are attractive to beneficial agents , pollinators and dispersers , at the same time .
in continuously flowering species such as muntingia calabura , trees are attractive to beneficial [people] , pollinators and dispersers , at the same time .

Even in the short term , dependent on local circumstances , the numbers and behaviour of dispersal and pollination agents can change such that short-term observations are sometimes very misleading .
even in the short term , dependent on local circumstances , the numbers and behaviour of dispersal and pollination [people] can change such that short-term observations are sometimes very misleading .

An example of dispersal agents , which is the male toucan in Costa Rica , which defends sections of fruiting trees against all other frugivores besides his mate , displacing them by threat ; however , when food is abundant , this does not occur .
an example of dispersal [people] , which is the male toucan in costa rica , which defends sections of fruiting trees against all other frugivores besides his mate , displacing them by threat ; however , when food is abundant , this does not occur .

In view of the conclusions of the last chapter , it is likely that such patterns will be archaic and also confused by local fluctuations in dispersal agents and this may be exacerbated in regions of geological instability , e.g .
in view of the conclusions of the last chapter , it is likely that such patterns will be archaic and also confused by local fluctuations in dispersal [people] and this may be exacerbated in regions of geological instability , e.g .

Indeed , of the biotic explanations of how existing plant species avoid competition , some are based on time-sharing of animal agents .
indeed , of the biotic explanations of how existing plant species avoid competition , some are based on time-sharing of animal [people] .

there is competition for dispersal agents .
there is competition for dispersal [people] .

In a similar case of a montane forest , between 56 tree species in several families , this time in Jamaica , there was , again , only slight interspecific temporal separation in the use of animal pollinators and dispersal agents , thus ‘ niche ’ separation in this sense is slight and the coexistence of the 56 species can not be explained in this way .
in a similar case of a montane forest , between 56 tree species in several families , this time in jamaica , there was , again , only slight interspecific temporal separation in the use of animal pollinators and dispersal [people] , thus ‘ niche ’ separation in this sense is slight and the coexistence of the 56 species can not be explained in this way .

She had spent her lunch-hours of the two previous days in talking to letting agents .
she had spent her lunch-hours of the two previous days in talking to letting [people] .

However , it is the formation of chelating agents by organic processes that is of particular significance in weathering .
however , it is the formation of chelating [people] by organic processes that is of particular significance in weathering .

Chelating agents can come from various sources , but most are organic compounds either secreted directly by organisms such as lichen , or formed through the decomposition of humus in the soil .
chelating [people] can come from various sources , but most are organic compounds either secreted directly by organisms such as lichen , or formed through the decomposition of humus in the soil .

It appears that a stable ring structure is formed between complexing agents and metal cations .
it appears that a stable ring structure is formed between complexing [people] and metal cations .

The thickness of a weathering mantle at a particular locality represents a balance between the rate of bedrock weathering and the rate of removal of weathered material by denudational agents ( Fig .
the thickness of a weathering mantle at a particular locality represents a balance between the rate of bedrock weathering and the rate of removal of weathered material by denudational [people] ( fig .

Different salts also vary significantly in their efficacy as weathering agents , and several laboratory investigations have indicated the particular effectiveness of sodium sulphate .
different salts also vary significantly in their efficacy as weathering [people] , and several laboratory investigations have indicated the particular effectiveness of sodium sulphate .

After the third ‘ Carry On ’ , the cast had been offered a profit-sharing scheme — and had all turned it down on the advice of their agents , who thought they would be better off getting increased salaries .
after the third ‘ carry on ’ , the cast had been offered a profit-sharing scheme — and had all turned it down on the advice of their [people] , who thought they would be better off getting increased salaries .

He was content with the money he earned , which was what the agents asked .
he was content with the money he earned , which was what the [people] asked .

Friedman then proposed two hypotheses , one general and the other specific , governing agents ' behaviour in inflationary circumstances .
friedman then proposed two hypotheses , one general and the other specific , governing [people] ' behaviour in inflationary circumstances .

Let denote the unanticipated rate of inflation , that is , that part of the rate of inflation which agents have failed to anticipate fully .
let denote the unanticipated rate of inflation , that is , that part of the rate of inflation which [people] have failed to anticipate fully .

So what is the rational expectations hypothesis and how does it interact with the new classical economics to produce the policy inefficacy proposition ? Does the claim that agents form their expectations rationally have any substantive bearing on the quite fundamental issues which divide Keynesians from new classicals ?
so what is the rational expectations hypothesis and how does it interact with the new classical economics to produce the policy inefficacy proposition ? does the claim that [people] form their expectations rationally have any substantive bearing on the quite fundamental issues which divide keynesians from new classicals ?

If agents had underestimated the rate of inflation in one period , that is if , they will take steps to revise upwards their expectation of the rate of inflation in the next period , that is , .
if [people] had underestimated the rate of inflation in one period , that is if , they will take steps to revise upwards their expectation of the rate of inflation in the next period , that is , .

Agents will always be making mistakes , and some agents will be making larger mistakes than others , but the rational expectations hypothesis stipulates that these mistakes should , on average over time , cancel each other out .
[people] will always be making mistakes , and some [people] will be making larger mistakes than others , but the rational expectations hypothesis stipulates that these mistakes should , on average over time , cancel each other out .

Let us assume that agents have been flirting for a while with the use of the adaptive expectations mechanism but that , in the light of the persistent , systematic errors which this mechanism entails , they quickly abandon it .
let us assume that [people] have been flirting for a while with the use of the adaptive expectations mechanism but that , in the light of the persistent , systematic errors which this mechanism entails , they quickly abandon it .

How can agents improve their forecasts of inflation in an uncertain world ?
how can [people] improve their forecasts of inflation in an uncertain world ?

It postulates that agents will have an incentive to seek out information on the underlying ‘ correct ’ model of the economy which , in combination with adaptive expectations , had accounted for the systematic errors of the past .
it postulates that [people] will have an incentive to seek out information on the underlying ‘ correct ’ model of the economy which , in combination with adaptive expectations , had accounted for the systematic errors of the past .

In order to tighten up on their prediction of inflation , agents will take steps to predict on the basis of information which was available at the end of period t - 1 .
in order to tighten up on their prediction of inflation , [people] will take steps to predict on the basis of information which was available at the end of period t - 1 .

The superscript ‘ e ’ denotes agents ' subjective estimate of the term in contrast to the objective conditional estimate of .
the superscript ‘ e ’ denotes [people] ' subjective estimate of the term in contrast to the objective conditional estimate of .

Moreover , suspicion may grow in agents ' minds during t - 1 that the government may be on the verge of an about turn on employment policy .
moreover , suspicion may grow in [people] ' minds during t - 1 that the government may be on the verge of an about turn on employment policy .

The reason for this once again centres on the role played by the information set available to agents at the end of period t - 1 , which we shall refer to by the symbol .
the reason for this once again centres on the role played by the information set available to [people] at the end of period t - 1 , which we shall refer to by the symbol .

The information included in can be exploited by agents to tighten up their subjective prediction for .
the information included in can be exploited by [people] to tighten up their subjective prediction for .

Clearly once agents realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .
clearly once [people] realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .

This essential characteristic of a rational expectations equilibrium — the efficient use of the relevant available information — suggests another criterion for rationality : the method that agents employ to predict should have a variance smaller than or equal to any other rival method of predicting .
this essential characteristic of a rational expectations equilibrium — the efficient use of the relevant available information — suggests another criterion for rationality : the method that [people] employ to predict should have a variance smaller than or equal to any other rival method of predicting .

Since the ‘ correct ’ model has the smallest variance of all , this criterion implies that agents employ a prediction method which is consistent with the model which ‘ correctly ’ determines .
since the ‘ correct ’ model has the smallest variance of all , this criterion implies that [people] employ a prediction method which is consistent with the model which ‘ correctly ’ determines .

Rational expectations theorists had realized early on that requiring agents to be in possession of ‘ the correct model ’ was straining the credibility of even the most sympathetic onlooker to breaking point .
rational expectations theorists had realized early on that requiring [people] to be in possession of ‘ the correct model ’ was straining the credibility of even the most sympathetic onlooker to breaking point .

Instead they took refuge in the weaker claim that agents , on average over time , behaved as if they possessed the correct underlying model for the purposes of prediction .
instead they took refuge in the weaker claim that [people] , on average over time , behaved as if they possessed the correct underlying model for the purposes of prediction .

Agents may not know the correct model , but they behave as if they do .
[people] may not know the correct model , but they behave as if they do .

( How agents perform this prodigious feat of mimicry without actually using some form of the correct model remains decidedly mysterious to this author . )
( how [people] perform this prodigious feat of mimicry without actually using some form of the correct model remains decidedly mysterious to this author . )

If the actual money stock in t is accurately predicted by agents at the end of period t - 1 ( in symbols ) , the actual price level in t will equal the price level which was expected at the end of t - 1 since expectations regarding the future behaviour of the money stock have been accurately generated by the efficient use of the information available in .
if the actual money stock in t is accurately predicted by [people] at the end of period t - 1 ( in symbols ) , the actual price level in t will equal the price level which was expected at the end of t - 1 since expectations regarding the future behaviour of the money stock have been accurately generated by the efficient use of the information available in .

But how do rational agents put themselves in a position of being able to anticipate changes in the money stock ?
but how do rational [people] put themselves in a position of being able to anticipate changes in the money stock ?

Having accepted the empirical validity of the crudest form of the quantity theory of money , agents search for a policy rule which determines changes in the money stock .
having accepted the empirical validity of the crudest form of the quantity theory of money , [people] search for a policy rule which determines changes in the money stock .

Agents must try to burrow into the minds of central bankers to discover what motivates their actions governing the course of the money stock .
[people] must try to burrow into the minds of central bankers to discover what motivates their actions governing the course of the money stock .

Governments and their agents , the monetary authorities , are continually changing course in the conduct of their monetary policies .
governments and their [people] , the monetary authorities , are continually changing course in the conduct of their monetary policies .

Agents maximize , and part of the maximization procedure is the efficient use of all information available at reasonable cost .
[people] maximize , and part of the maximization procedure is the efficient use of all information available at reasonable cost .

First , there is the question of the correct model on which agents base their expectations of the outcomes of particular policy actions .
first , there is the question of the correct model on which [people] base their expectations of the outcomes of particular policy actions .

It beggars belief how the fairly uncontroversial assumption of traditional price theory that agents optimize subject to constraints should be taken by these writers as sufficient grounds for supporting the inference that all markets clear .
it beggars belief how the fairly uncontroversial assumption of traditional price theory that [people] optimize subject to constraints should be taken by these writers as sufficient grounds for supporting the inference that all markets clear .

14.2 [ Where the Purchaser is a natural person ] [ and if and to the extent that s 2(1) of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 applies to the Order , ] nothing in these terms and conditions shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or restrict the liability of the Seller for death or personal injury caused [ to the Purchaser ] by reason of the negligence of the Seller or of its servants , employees or agents .
14.2 [ where the purchaser is a natural person ] [ and if and to the extent that s 2(1) of the unfair contract terms act 1977 applies to the order , ] nothing in these terms and conditions shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or restrict the liability of the seller for death or personal injury caused [ to the purchaser ] by reason of the negligence of the seller or of its servants , employees or [people] .

This order is given on the condition that ( without prejudice to the generality of Condition 7.1 ) you will indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) in respect of personal injury to , or the death of , any such employees , agents , sub-contractors or other representative while on our premises whether or not such persons are ( at the time when such personal injury or deaths are caused ) acting in the course of their employment .
this order is given on the condition that ( without prejudice to the generality of condition 7.1 ) you will indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) in respect of personal injury to , or the death of , any such employees , [people] , sub-contractors or other representative while on our premises whether or not such persons are ( at the time when such personal injury or deaths are caused ) acting in the course of their employment .

The former s39 ( now repealed so as to open the way for MDPssee below ) prohibited solicitors from acting as agents for unqualified persons .
the former s39 ( now repealed so as to open the way for mdpssee below ) prohibited solicitors from acting as [people] for unqualified persons .

Evidence of variation by conduct may be found in the books of account of the firm , in letters written by partners , and the oral evidence of employees , agents and others .
evidence of variation by conduct may be found in the books of account of the firm , in letters written by partners , and the oral evidence of employees , [people] and others .

Member bodies of the International Association of Classification Societies are independent bodies of marine surveyors recognised by governments throughout the world as their agents for the implementation of the international maritime safety conventions .
member bodies of the international association of classification societies are independent bodies of marine surveyors recognised by governments throughout the world as their [people] for the implementation of the international maritime safety conventions .

They share the characteristic of being established recognised professional bodies : The Association of Consulting Engineers ; The Chartered Institute of Arbitrators ; The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants ; The Chartered Institute of Patent Agents ; The Incorporated Society of Valuers and Auctioneers ; The Institute of Actuaries ; The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales ; The Institute of Petroleum ; The Law Society of England and Wales ; The Royal Institute of British Architects ; The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
they share the characteristic of being established recognised professional bodies : the association of consulting engineers ; the chartered institute of arbitrators ; the chartered institute of management accountants ; the chartered institute of patent [people] ; the incorporated society of valuers and auctioneers ; the institute of actuaries ; the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales ; the institute of petroleum ; the law society of england and wales ; the royal institute of british architects ; the royal institution of chartered surveyors .

This practice is convenient both for the purposes of managing the property ( since most managing agents , or their computers , send out rent demands by reference to quarter days ) and for the purpose of calculating the rent ( since broken periods can often be avoided ) .
this practice is convenient both for the purposes of managing the property ( since most managing [people] , or their computers , send out rent demands by reference to quarter days ) and for the purpose of calculating the rent ( since broken periods can often be avoided ) .

Where the due diligence is to be on a major scale , then along with the accountants and solicitors involved , there may be other professionals , including insurance brokers , chartered surveyors , management consultants , patent and trade-mark agents , environmental consultants , actuaries , credit reference agencies , and even a merchant banker .
where the due diligence is to be on a major scale , then along with the accountants and solicitors involved , there may be other professionals , including insurance brokers , chartered surveyors , management consultants , patent and trade-mark [people] , environmental consultants , actuaries , credit reference agencies , and even a merchant banker .

The five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .
the five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the [people] ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .

Other commentators have sought to identify the nation 's problems not in terms of the effect of some aspects of the political culture but as agents generating and reflecting a decline in the culture itself .
other commentators have sought to identify the nation 's problems not in terms of the effect of some aspects of the political culture but as [people] generating and reflecting a decline in the culture itself .

She enables women today to see that women have been historical agents in the past , and to envisage the past from the perspective of women .
she enables women today to see that women have been historical [people] in the past , and to envisage the past from the perspective of women .

These recipes are being currently hawked around by , respectively , the publicity agents of Guinness and of the Trappist monks who own the Port-du-Salut cheese factory in North-Western France .
these recipes are being currently hawked around by , respectively , the publicity [people] of guinness and of the trappist monks who own the port-du-salut cheese factory in north-western france .

There was , of course , the usual business of a publisher — `` blurbs `` , reports , memos , correspondence with authors and negotiations with agents .
there was , of course , the usual business of a publisher — `` blurbs `` , reports , memos , correspondence with authors and negotiations with [people] .

So did his party agents .
so did his party [people] .

Immunotherapy depends on blocking the body 's ‘ killer cells ’ which wipe out any foreign agents — such as germs and viruses — that do n't belong there .
immunotherapy depends on blocking the body 's ‘ killer cells ’ which wipe out any foreign [people] — such as germs and viruses — that do n't belong there .

Another device for achieving the result contended for by Lord Finlay might be agency : that is that the allies ( agents ) were acting on behalf of Poland ( principal ) which would subsequently be entitled to claim the benefits of the treaty .
another device for achieving the result contended for by lord finlay might be agency : that is that the allies ( [people] ) were acting on behalf of poland ( principal ) which would subsequently be entitled to claim the benefits of the treaty .

In it he discusses the decline of the appearance of historic towns , looking at the ‘ unwittingly misguided home improvements ’ of their residents and replacement windows and doors in particular as ‘ agents of erosion .
in it he discusses the decline of the appearance of historic towns , looking at the ‘ unwittingly misguided home improvements ’ of their residents and replacement windows and doors in particular as ‘ [people] of erosion .

Like the Gendarmerie , the Sûreté was a pan-Indochina service , owing loyalty to the state interests of France , not of the native sovereigns , of whose territories it had nevertheless a free run … In practice the bulk of the work done by the Sûreté was not criminal investigation at all but political control … and its agents , not trained as professional detectives with clearly-prescribed answerability before a judicial authority , generally stood in low public esteem ; they were never concerned with safeguarding the personal safety and private property of Vietnamese villagers and seem to have considered themselves primarily as a network of agents to watch over the interests of the French state .
like the gendarmerie , the sûreté was a pan-indochina service , owing loyalty to the state interests of france , not of the native sovereigns , of whose territories it had nevertheless a free run … in practice the bulk of the work done by the sûreté was not criminal investigation at all but political control … and its [people] , not trained as professional detectives with clearly-prescribed answerability before a judicial authority , generally stood in low public esteem ; they were never concerned with safeguarding the personal safety and private property of vietnamese villagers and seem to have considered themselves primarily as a network of [people] to watch over the interests of the french state .

It made you know you were special , as if you were secret agents in a hostile land .
it made you know you were special , as if you were secret [people] in a hostile land .

Like many of the gentry all over the country , he was convinced that the wound now bleeding Christendom might yet be healed , and the Church , the Body of Christ , made whole ; so when he gave sanctuary to young men on their way to train as priests in France , or secret agents from Spain or Ireland , he did so believing that he was acting in the best interests of his country , claiming that if anyone was a traitor it was the ardent puritans like Walsingham and Drake , who by their political manoeuvrings and piratical attacks on Spanish merchantmen were pushing the Queen remorselessly into a confrontation with King Philip of Spain .
like many of the gentry all over the country , he was convinced that the wound now bleeding christendom might yet be healed , and the church , the body of christ , made whole ; so when he gave sanctuary to young men on their way to train as priests in france , or secret [people] from spain or ireland , he did so believing that he was acting in the best interests of his country , claiming that if anyone was a traitor it was the ardent puritans like walsingham and drake , who by their political manoeuvrings and piratical attacks on spanish merchantmen were pushing the queen remorselessly into a confrontation with king philip of spain .

Enforcement of prohibition was an impossible task as `` speak easies `` ( illegal drinking places ) mushroomed and an absurdly small force of ill-paid Federal agents tried to discover and close them down .
enforcement of prohibition was an impossible task as `` speak easies `` ( illegal drinking places ) mushroomed and an absurdly small force of ill-paid federal [people] tried to discover and close them down .

The incidence of heart failure among patients who are treated effectively with thrombolytic agents is probably lower than among those patients who are not treated .
the incidence of heart failure among patients who are treated effectively with thrombolytic [people] is probably lower than among those patients who are not treated .

Steel-Maitland 's method was the systematic collection of information by the Central Office district agents in constituency books that recorded all income , expenditure and political activity . The National Union and the Whips were used when necessary to exert pressure for reform , but the main influence was the Central Office agents :
steel-maitland 's method was the systematic collection of information by the central office district [people] in constituency books that recorded all income , expenditure and political activity . the national union and the whips were used when necessary to exert pressure for reform , but the main influence was the central office [people] :

By 1913–14 , over £25,000 was being given away in this manner and in return the Central Office agents were able to ensure the appointment of suitable constituency agents and the choice of good candidate The outlay constituted only about a tenth of the whole of the local parties `` expenditure , but a much higher proportion of the expenditure of the backward parties most in need of reform .
by 1913–14 , over £25,000 was being given away in this manner and in return the central office [people] were able to ensure the appointment of suitable constituency [people] and the choice of good candidate the outlay constituted only about a tenth of the whole of the local parties `` expenditure , but a much higher proportion of the expenditure of the backward parties most in need of reform .

More than a hundred Unionist MPs were usually away from the House on military service , and 125 Unionist agents served in the trenches ; the party organization was used in the war effort at no cost to the country ; every local party was decimated by volunteers who joined up in the first rush ; and at every level , the number who joined up was more than matched by those indirectly involved through recruiting , raising money , running war charities or breeding remounts .
more than a hundred unionist mps were usually away from the house on military service , and 125 unionist [people] served in the trenches ; the party organization was used in the war effort at no cost to the country ; every local party was decimated by volunteers who joined up in the first rush ; and at every level , the number who joined up was more than matched by those indirectly involved through recruiting , raising money , running war charities or breeding remounts .

District and constituency offices were similarly involved and in many areas the national example was followed , with the agents of both parties working under a mayor or lord lieutenant .
district and constituency offices were similarly involved and in many areas the national example was followed , with the [people] of both parties working under a mayor or lord lieutenant .

When the state took over recruitment under the Military Service Acts , the party continued to be involved : many agents were transferred to the army , where they continued to do the same job , and many party offices were lent to the government as recruitment centres .
when the state took over recruitment under the military service acts , the party continued to be involved : many [people] were transferred to the army , where they continued to do the same job , and many party offices were lent to the government as recruitment centres .

At the height of the criticism , Law met constituency chairmen and agents at the Queen 's Hall and told them that
at the height of the criticism , law met constituency chairmen and [people] at the queen 's hall and told them that

Landowners such as the Earl of Cumberland and the Duke of Devonshire employed agents to develop the mining fields , bringing skilled men from Derbyshire and Cornwall with their knowledge of mining and mine drainage .
landowners such as the earl of cumberland and the duke of devonshire employed [people] to develop the mining fields , bringing skilled men from derbyshire and cornwall with their knowledge of mining and mine drainage .

Women are economic agents , although they are usually not perceived to be .
women are economic [people] , although they are usually not perceived to be .

Women are key agents of environmental protection .
women are key [people] of environmental protection .

Women are the key agents of human development .
women are the key [people] of human development .

Development communicators , men as well as women , need to use their skills to reach policy makers and opinion leaders to make the case that women are key agents of development and that their needs and potential must be properly taken into account in development programmes .
development communicators , men as well as women , need to use their skills to reach policy makers and opinion leaders to make the case that women are key [people] of development and that their needs and potential must be properly taken into account in development programmes .

In the first decades of occupation it was now evident that far too much effort had been concentrated on the stabilization of the Province in purely military terms and too little attention paid to the feelings and aspirations of the Britons , except through the few carefully selected agents , and there had been a tacit acceptance that the rest would come to accept Rome .
in the first decades of occupation it was now evident that far too much effort had been concentrated on the stabilization of the province in purely military terms and too little attention paid to the feelings and aspirations of the britons , except through the few carefully selected [people] , and there had been a tacit acceptance that the rest would come to accept rome .

It may be that their number was small and their holdings large , but excavations are needed on a selective basis before it is possible to isolate the houses of the owners from those of their tenants or agents .
it may be that their number was small and their holdings large , but excavations are needed on a selective basis before it is possible to isolate the houses of the owners from those of their tenants or [people] .

Ground floor and basement apartment in 6 Mornington Crescent , the house formerly occupied by Sickert , 120-year lease through local estate agents , Bairstow Eves , £97,000
ground floor and basement apartment in 6 mornington crescent , the house formerly occupied by sickert , 120-year lease through local estate [people] , bairstow eves , £97,000

The traditional legal model of the company originally treated the directors of the company as agents of the company .
the traditional legal model of the company originally treated the directors of the company as [people] of the company .

Furthermore , the shareholders as the principal were entitled to issue specific instructions to the directors which as agents they were obliged to implement .
furthermore , the shareholders as the principal were entitled to issue specific instructions to the directors which as [people] they were obliged to implement .

Instead of being perceived simply as agents of the shareholders the board of directors came to be viewed as an organ of the company which for many purposes could be treated as the company .
instead of being perceived simply as [people] of the shareholders the board of directors came to be viewed as an organ of the company which for many purposes could be treated as the company .

Although the shareholders no longer exercised the direct control of principals over the directors as their agents , the model nevertheless asserts that any danger that the directors might use their considerable discretionary powers to manage the business in their own interest is precluded .
although the shareholders no longer exercised the direct control of principals over the directors as their [people] , the model nevertheless asserts that any danger that the directors might use their considerable discretionary powers to manage the business in their own interest is precluded .

For instance , in other areas of law concerning children , such as fostering , adoption and parental access to children in care , social workers as agents of the state have developed informal rules for decision-making .
for instance , in other areas of law concerning children , such as fostering , adoption and parental access to children in care , social workers as [people] of the state have developed informal rules for decision-making .

In the unlikely event that we fail to provide you with the services as confirmed to you by us at the time of booking or they are not of a reasonable standard , then we accept responsibility whether caused by our employees , agents or suppliers , save that ( i ) we shall not accept responsibility or liability for death , bodily injury or illness caused to you or others named on your booking form , except as set out below and ( ii ) we limit our responsibility or liability in respect of carriage by air , sea or land to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage .
in the unlikely event that we fail to provide you with the services as confirmed to you by us at the time of booking or they are not of a reasonable standard , then we accept responsibility whether caused by our employees , [people] or suppliers , save that ( i ) we shall not accept responsibility or liability for death , bodily injury or illness caused to you or others named on your booking form , except as set out below and ( ii ) we limit our responsibility or liability in respect of carriage by air , sea or land to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage .

( b ) We accept responsibility for death , bodily injury or illness caused to your or others named on your booking form by the negligent act or omission of our employees , agents , suppliers or sub-contractors or of their employees or agent acting within the course or scope of their employment ( other than that of air , sea and land carriers performing any domestic internal or international carriage whatsoever where we limit our liability to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage ) .
( b ) we accept responsibility for death , bodily injury or illness caused to your or others named on your booking form by the negligent act or omission of our employees , [people] , suppliers or sub-contractors or of their employees or agent acting within the course or scope of their employment ( other than that of air , sea and land carriers performing any domestic internal or international carriage whatsoever where we limit our liability to that provided for by the relevant international conventions in respect of such carriage ) .

In the event that you or others named on your booking form suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from an activity which does not form part of the services we have agreed to supply to your , then we shall through our Representatives or Agents offer you every reasonable assistance , including advice and guidance and may , depending upon particular circumstances and at our complete discretion , offer initial financial assistance up to a maximum of £5,000 per booking form .
in the event that you or others named on your booking form suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from an activity which does not form part of the services we have agreed to supply to your , then we shall through our representatives or [people] offer you every reasonable assistance , including advice and guidance and may , depending upon particular circumstances and at our complete discretion , offer initial financial assistance up to a maximum of £5,000 per booking form .

The tenacity with which the king-duke , his officers and agents defended his rights and prerogatives in the duchy of Aquitaine testified to its value .
the tenacity with which the king-duke , his officers and [people] defended his rights and prerogatives in the duchy of aquitaine testified to its value .

It is important that some referring agents are dissuaded from a popular belief that anxiety management equals relaxation training or any single technique .
it is important that some referring [people] are dissuaded from a popular belief that anxiety management equals relaxation training or any single technique .

Businesses which are Prestel information providers will be able to supply information on their products not only to the general public but also to select groups within a particular business or profession , Travel agents , for example , already use the Prestel service extensively .
businesses which are prestel information providers will be able to supply information on their products not only to the general public but also to select groups within a particular business or profession , travel [people] , for example , already use the prestel service extensively .

The consumption of oxygen or oxidizing agents by water arising from the presence of reducing substances , usually organic , is of value in the assessment of trade effluents and sewage but is not of great importance for process waters .
the consumption of oxygen or oxidizing [people] by water arising from the presence of reducing substances , usually organic , is of value in the assessment of trade effluents and sewage but is not of great importance for process waters .

2.2.19 Fluorescent Brightening Agents
2.2.19 fluorescent brightening [people]

2.2.20 Surface-active Agents
2.2.20 surface-active [people]

These are being found more and more in water supplies but are unlikely to cause process difficulties unless anionic material combines with cation-active agents being used in finishing .
these are being found more and more in water supplies but are unlikely to cause process difficulties unless anionic material combines with cation-active [people] being used in finishing .

Another use for the sequestering agents is to immobilize metals that might cause difficulties in processing .
another use for the sequestering [people] is to immobilize metals that might cause difficulties in processing .

But alcoholism is a lesser occupational hazard amongst academics than it is amongst , say , media people , advertising agents or lawyers .
but alcoholism is a lesser occupational hazard amongst academics than it is amongst , say , media people , advertising [people] or lawyers .

Whatever the original guidelines given them , goes the argument , the agents get drawn into doing what is in the best interest of those they are regulating — they are , wittingly or unwittingly , captured by the people they are supposed to be policing ( see , for example , Stigler , 1971 ) .
whatever the original guidelines given them , goes the argument , the [people] get drawn into doing what is in the best interest of those they are regulating — they are , wittingly or unwittingly , captured by the people they are supposed to be policing ( see , for example , stigler , 1971 ) .

The bones of the policy-makers and their agents must be fleshed out in order to refine the theory .
the bones of the policy-makers and their [people] must be fleshed out in order to refine the theory .

Individual agents may be willing to submit to mutual monitoring because it is likely to reduce fluctuations in the value of their human capital .
individual [people] may be willing to submit to mutual monitoring because it is likely to reduce fluctuations in the value of their human capital .

banking , insurance , estate agents , medical , technical , etc . )
banking , insurance , estate [people] , medical , technical , etc . )

: Three domains were chosen for investigation : Banking , Estate Agents and Music .
: three domains were chosen for investigation : banking , estate [people] and music .

, the Banking and Estate Agents ) and ease of availability ( the Music documents could be easily collected from a research bulletin board ) .
, the banking and estate [people] ) and ease of availability ( the music documents could be easily collected from a research bulletin board ) .

( b ) Estate Agents : The breakdown of scores is shown in Table 3.6 .
( b ) estate [people] : the breakdown of scores is shown in table 3.6 .

it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word from alternative candidates within the domain of estate agents .
it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word from alternative candidates within the domain of estate [people] .

documents taken from the domains of banking , estate agents and music , after having been processed by the confusion simulator ) .
documents taken from the domains of banking , estate [people] and music , after having been processed by the confusion simulator ) .

When the window size is four words , the result for banking is 78 % correct , estate agents is 58 % and music is 50 % .
when the window size is four words , the result for banking is 78 % correct , estate [people] is 58 % and music is 50 % .

Three domains were chosen for investigation : Banking , Estate Agents and Music .
three domains were chosen for investigation : banking , estate [people] and music .

The Banking dictionary made a significant contribution ( to 95 % level ) to the recognition of Estate Agents ' text .
the banking dictionary made a significant contribution ( to 95 % level ) to the recognition of estate [people] ' text .

This suggests that many of the language structures used in the Estate Agents ' corpus are also present in the Banking corpus .
this suggests that many of the language structures used in the estate [people] ' corpus are also present in the banking corpus .

Although the Estate Agents ' dictionary contributes to the recognition of the Banking text , it is nowhere near significant ( z=0.88 ) .
although the estate [people] ' dictionary contributes to the recognition of the banking text , it is nowhere near significant ( z=0.88 ) .

This implies that the Estate Agents ' dictionary does not cover a large enough subset of the language used in the Banking text to provide significantly representative collocations .
this implies that the estate [people] ' dictionary does not cover a large enough subset of the language used in the banking text to provide significantly representative collocations .

For both Estate Agents and Banking it makes a negative contribution ( -1.09 and -0.35 respectively ) .
for both estate [people] and banking it makes a negative contribution ( -1.09 and -0.35 respectively ) .

Although the specific dictionary out-performs the general dictionary for Banking text , for the Estate Agents ' text the general dictionary out-performs the domain dictionary .
although the specific dictionary out-performs the general dictionary for banking text , for the estate [people] ' text the general dictionary out-performs the domain dictionary .

However , it may transpire that the result for the Estate Agents ' text is somewhat unrepresentative .
however , it may transpire that the result for the estate [people] ' text is somewhat unrepresentative .

By 1475 , therefore , the Stanleys had in effect been confirmed as the leading royal agents in Lancashire .
by 1475 , therefore , the stanleys had in effect been confirmed as the leading royal [people] in lancashire .

Voluntary organisations in many cases became the effective agents of enforcement , as well as pressure groups constantly campaigning for further intervention , and here they became quasi-state apparatuses , a pattern which had a long history .
voluntary organisations in many cases became the effective [people] of enforcement , as well as pressure groups constantly campaigning for further intervention , and here they became quasi-state apparatuses , a pattern which had a long history .

The Privy Council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the Queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected Spanish invasion , telling its agents at the Hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the Queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the J.P.s of Bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a Cornish village despoiled by Spaniards , and writing to the Lord Mayor of London about a complaint against his predecessor .
the privy council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected spanish invasion , telling its [people] at the hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the j.p.s of bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a cornish village despoiled by spaniards , and writing to the lord mayor of london about a complaint against his predecessor .

Other executive agents began to appear in the course of the sixteenth century .
other executive [people] began to appear in the course of the sixteenth century .

Offices that occupy millions of cubic feet in our contemporary administrative buildings did not then exist , and the government had virtually no paid agents in the localities .
offices that occupy millions of cubic feet in our contemporary administrative buildings did not then exist , and the government had virtually no paid [people] in the localities .

Without employing his own servants as agents and deputies Sadler obviously could not have managed his group of offices ; as it was he complained of seldom going to bed before midnight and generally waking by 4. a.m .
without employing his own servants as [people] and deputies sadler obviously could not have managed his group of offices ; as it was he complained of seldom going to bed before midnight and generally waking by 4. a.m .

It is delivered by a network of Managing Agents .
it is delivered by a network of managing [people] .

Desloughing agents
desloughing [people]

The most popular was Granuflex ( 115 : 22 per cent ) , followed by antiseptics/antibacterials ( 105 : 21 per cent ) , corticosteroids/antibiotics ( 82 : 16 per cent ) , paste bandages ( 62 : 12 per cent ) , Bactigras ( 57 : 11 per cent ) , alginates ( 43 : 7 per cent ) , desloughing agents ( 19 : 4 per cent ) , non-medicated tulle ( 16 : 3 per cent ) , honey ( 6 : 1 per cent ) , yoghurt ( 4 : < 1 per cent ) , and laser treatment ( 1 ) .
the most popular was granuflex ( 115 : 22 per cent ) , followed by antiseptics/antibacterials ( 105 : 21 per cent ) , corticosteroids/antibiotics ( 82 : 16 per cent ) , paste bandages ( 62 : 12 per cent ) , bactigras ( 57 : 11 per cent ) , alginates ( 43 : 7 per cent ) , desloughing [people] ( 19 : 4 per cent ) , non-medicated tulle ( 16 : 3 per cent ) , honey ( 6 : 1 per cent ) , yoghurt ( 4 : < 1 per cent ) , and laser treatment ( 1 ) .

Among the ‘ desloughing agents ’ used , Eusol and paraffin was mentioned five times , but only on ulcers of more than five years duration .
among the ‘ desloughing [people] ’ used , eusol and paraffin was mentioned five times , but only on ulcers of more than five years duration .

The product category ‘ other ’ included non-medicated tulles , desloughing agents and various dry dressings .
the product category ‘ other ’ included non-medicated tulles , desloughing [people] and various dry dressings .

Law , Medicine , Dentistry , Accountancy , Estate Agents , Veterinary etc ; or
law , medicine , dentistry , accountancy , estate [people] , veterinary etc ; or

In rejecting the Galenic theory that diseases arose from an internal imbalance of the four humors , Paracelsus switched attention to agents invading the body from outside .
in rejecting the galenic theory that diseases arose from an internal imbalance of the four humors , paracelsus switched attention to [people] invading the body from outside .

Evidence shows that untreated milk has a higher nutritional value and contains anti-infective agents which can both restrict the growth of contaminating bacteria in milk and give the consumer protection against infection .
evidence shows that untreated milk has a higher nutritional value and contains anti-infective [people] which can both restrict the growth of contaminating bacteria in milk and give the consumer protection against infection .

Because quality is hard to define with precision , reputation has a great bearing on suppliers , ability to deal with agents and to command premium prices in a volatile market with a considerable fashion element ( for example , colours for festivals ) .
because quality is hard to define with precision , reputation has a great bearing on suppliers , ability to deal with [people] and to command premium prices in a volatile market with a considerable fashion element ( for example , colours for festivals ) .

Few have rivalled Singapore 's enthusiasm for harnessing the multinationals as agents of growth and economic transformation .
few have rivalled singapore 's enthusiasm for harnessing the multinationals as [people] of growth and economic transformation .

Large hotels often have agreements with airlines or travel agents whereby they reserve a certain number of rooms each night on a guaranteed basis .
large hotels often have agreements with airlines or travel [people] whereby they reserve a certain number of rooms each night on a guaranteed basis .

Yellow — airline or travel agents guaranteed bookings .
yellow — airline or travel [people] guaranteed bookings .

Airline and travel agents guaranteed reservations
airline and travel [people] guaranteed reservations

Large transient hotels very often enter into agreements with certain airlines or travel agents whereby they will hold a number of rooms specifically for them on a guarantee basis .
large transient hotels very often enter into agreements with certain airlines or travel [people] whereby they will hold a number of rooms specifically for them on a guarantee basis .

This means that the airlines or travel agents guarantee to pay for those rooms whether they are used by their clients or not .
this means that the airlines or travel [people] guarantee to pay for those rooms whether they are used by their clients or not .

Travel agents often advertise package tours which include a stay at a certain hotel .
travel [people] often advertise package tours which include a stay at a certain hotel .

The hotel will send the bill for accommodation used , direct to the airline or travel agents .
the hotel will send the bill for accommodation used , direct to the airline or travel [people] .

This type of facility is usually only offered to travel agents or companies who deal regularly with the hotel , and can be relied upon to guarantee their commitment .
this type of facility is usually only offered to travel [people] or companies who deal regularly with the hotel , and can be relied upon to guarantee their commitment .

Reservations made through travel agents , tour operators or certain companies are usually subject to special rates and commissions .
reservations made through travel [people] , tour operators or certain companies are usually subject to special rates and commissions .

Travel agents and tour operators often make back to back reservations which means that certain accommodation is booked over a period of time and as one group of guests depart another group takes their place .
travel [people] and tour operators often make back to back reservations which means that certain accommodation is booked over a period of time and as one group of guests depart another group takes their place .

Today most people rely on travel agents to make their travel arrangements and book their accommodation .
today most people rely on travel [people] to make their travel arrangements and book their accommodation .

These agents work on a commission basis and special rates and discounts are negotiated with the hotel groups and will depend on several factors :
these [people] work on a commission basis and special rates and discounts are negotiated with the hotel groups and will depend on several factors :

the amount of business guaranteed by the agents during both high season and low season ;
the amount of business guaranteed by the [people] during both high season and low season ;

When handling tour bookings details must be thoroughly discussed with the agents before the group 's expected arrival , for example , whether the baggage handling and tips are to be included in the rates and the methods of payment for extras , by the guests .
when handling tour bookings details must be thoroughly discussed with the [people] before the group 's expected arrival , for example , whether the baggage handling and tips are to be included in the rates and the methods of payment for extras , by the guests .

When the guest arrives he/she should have their confirmation slips , airline or travel agents voucher as evidence of their reservation .
when the guest arrives he/she should have their confirmation slips , airline or travel [people] voucher as evidence of their reservation .

details of travel agents , tour operators , airlines , business organisations , and central reservations numbers with whom contact can be made if accommodation becomes available ;
details of travel [people] , tour operators , airlines , business organisations , and central reservations numbers with whom contact can be made if accommodation becomes available ;

Travel agents and tour operators ' promotions
travel [people] and tour operators ' promotions

Package deals promoted by travel agents and tour operators are increasingly being used to promote sales during off-season periods .
package deals promoted by travel [people] and tour operators are increasingly being used to promote sales during off-season periods .

Package rates — when special rates are offered to travel agents or tour operators , the computer can distribute the charges to their respective departments .
package rates — when special rates are offered to travel [people] or tour operators , the computer can distribute the charges to their respective departments .

travel agents , block allocations ;
travel [people] , block allocations ;

We are concerned that those who prescribe aminoglycosides will be distracted by the minutiae of calculations concerning half lives and body loads from the real problem of deciding whether the agents are indicated at all .
we are concerned that those who prescribe aminoglycosides will be distracted by the minutiae of calculations concerning half lives and body loads from the real problem of deciding whether the [people] are indicated at all .

With all these agents serum concentrations have been putatively related to toxicity or clinical efficacy or there are inconsistencies between the dosage and serum concentrations .
with all these [people] serum concentrations have been putatively related to toxicity or clinical efficacy or there are inconsistencies between the dosage and serum concentrations .

In Nottingham we encourage the use of a nomogram that takes account of age , sex , renal function , and body weight , factors that influence the body 's handling of these agents .
in nottingham we encourage the use of a nomogram that takes account of age , sex , renal function , and body weight , factors that influence the body 's handling of these [people] .

An alternative policy advocates a single large daily dose of aminoglycosides , such as 240 mg instead of 80 mg eight hourly , since the antibacterial activity is related to the dose and these agents exert a relatively long antibiotic effect , at least in vitro .
an alternative policy advocates a single large daily dose of aminoglycosides , such as 240 mg instead of 80 mg eight hourly , since the antibacterial activity is related to the dose and these [people] exert a relatively long antibiotic effect , at least in vitro .

Antihistaminic agents significantly antagonise acetaldehyde actions .
antihistaminic [people] significantly antagonise acetaldehyde actions .

The purpose of the Party was to knit together this vanguard , to build a structure so homogeneous , so ideologically uniform that it would be impervious to infiltration by bourgeois revisionists — or police agents .
the purpose of the party was to knit together this vanguard , to build a structure so homogeneous , so ideologically uniform that it would be impervious to infiltration by bourgeois revisionists — or police [people] .

The endothelins are potent releasers of other locally acting agents , such as nitric oxide and prostanoids .
the endothelins are potent releasers of other locally acting [people] , such as nitric oxide and prostanoids .

Other drugs were used as required ( anticoagulant agents ( usually intravenous heparin ) , vasodilators , digoxin , diamorphine , plasma expanders ) .
other drugs were used as required ( anticoagulant [people] ( usually intravenous heparin ) , vasodilators , digoxin , diamorphine , plasma expanders ) .

The long term results of transplantation in those requiring intensive support in hospital with infusions of inotropic agents , vasodilators , or both , in addition to more standard treatment seems excellent .
the long term results of transplantation in those requiring intensive support in hospital with infusions of inotropic [people] , vasodilators , or both , in addition to more standard treatment seems excellent .

Marketing itself tends to be a more specialist operation organised through trading companies who act as agents for manufacturers .
marketing itself tends to be a more specialist operation organised through trading companies who act as [people] for manufacturers .

Sales agents acting on behalf of manufacturers , are vigilant in preventing retailers from selling at lower prices by threatening to cut future supplies .
sales [people] acting on behalf of manufacturers , are vigilant in preventing retailers from selling at lower prices by threatening to cut future supplies .

Secret agents of this ilk are at work all the time .
secret [people] of this ilk are at work all the time .

The people , however defined , were sovereign , and members of Parliament were their agents , there to execute the popular will .
the people , however defined , were sovereign , and members of parliament were their [people] , there to execute the popular will .

These are amorphous , highly stable , dark brown or black cuticular pigments which are generally non-granular and are insoluble in the usual solvents though they are rapidly decolorized by oxidizing agents .
these are amorphous , highly stable , dark brown or black cuticular pigments which are generally non-granular and are insoluble in the usual solvents though they are rapidly decolorized by oxidizing [people] .

This technique , used in combination with agents which bind to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .
this technique , used in combination with [people] which bind to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .

Agents began to charge to perform this function .
[people] began to charge to perform this function .

a specimen of urine is tested to ensure that diabetes mellitus does not go undiagnosed ; allergies are checked to ensure that drugs , anaesthetic agents , lotions or dressings can be avoided if a patient has an allergy to them .
a specimen of urine is tested to ensure that diabetes mellitus does not go undiagnosed ; allergies are checked to ensure that drugs , anaesthetic [people] , lotions or dressings can be avoided if a patient has an allergy to them .

This was nothing to what came ten years later , no more than a mini-boom , but prices began to rise and estate agents to rub their hands and gird their loins and look about them .
this was nothing to what came ten years later , no more than a mini-boom , but prices began to rise and estate [people] to rub their hands and gird their loins and look about them .

In the eighties estate agents actually called on Jarvis at the School to beg him to put the place in their hands .
in the eighties estate [people] actually called on jarvis at the school to beg him to put the place in their hands .

In the ‘ dependent ’ world of the first half of the 20th century , movements for national liberation and independence were the main agents for the political emancipation of most of the globe , that is to say for an elimination of imperial administration and , more significantly , direct military domination by the imperial powers .
in the ‘ dependent ’ world of the first half of the 20th century , movements for national liberation and independence were the main [people] for the political emancipation of most of the globe , that is to say for an elimination of imperial administration and , more significantly , direct military domination by the imperial powers .

On the contrary , in both capitalist and non-capitalist states they have grown , in spite of a tendency in both camps to encourage private or other non-state direction , planning and management even in countries dedicated in theory to neo-liberalism , the sheer weight of what public revenue and expenditure represent in the economies of states , but above all their growing role as agents of substantial redistributions of the social income by means of fiscal and welfare mechanisms , have probably made the national state a more central factor in the lives of the world 's inhabitants than before .
on the contrary , in both capitalist and non-capitalist states they have grown , in spite of a tendency in both camps to encourage private or other non-state direction , planning and management even in countries dedicated in theory to neo-liberalism , the sheer weight of what public revenue and expenditure represent in the economies of states , but above all their growing role as [people] of substantial redistributions of the social income by means of fiscal and welfare mechanisms , have probably made the national state a more central factor in the lives of the world 's inhabitants than before .

People 's agents extend this concern for individuals to a more generalised opposition to injustice and oppressive bureaucracy .
people 's [people] extend this concern for individuals to a more generalised opposition to injustice and oppressive bureaucracy .

Musicians received a stage , their friends the jobs of managers and organisers , agents and promoters .
musicians received a stage , their friends the jobs of managers and organisers , [people] and promoters .

All these figures of authority act in some degree as agents of social control , making decisions and issuing instructions which will bind those dependent on , or subordinate to them .
all these figures of authority act in some degree as [people] of social control , making decisions and issuing instructions which will bind those dependent on , or subordinate to them .

who had betrayed the nation to the agents of international finance .
who had betrayed the nation to the [people] of international finance .

Indeed half of Littlewoods ' 2.5 million agents have adopted this route and the average number of customers per agent has fallen from between six and 10 to just over two .
indeed half of littlewoods ' 2.5 million [people] have adopted this route and the average number of customers per agent has fallen from between six and 10 to just over two .

This is bad news for Littlewoods since turnover among agents tends to be high and recruiting new ones costs the same ( about 50 ) irrespective of the amount of business they bring .
this is bad news for littlewoods since turnover among [people] tends to be high and recruiting new ones costs the same ( about 50 ) irrespective of the amount of business they bring .

Washington : infiltrated by Japanese agents , says Choate
washington : infiltrated by japanese [people] , says choate

The miasmatic theory of disease — favoured into the 1850s even by such luminaries as William Farr — hindered realization that the agents of disease might be present in water which looked quite drinkable .
the miasmatic theory of disease — favoured into the 1850s even by such luminaries as william farr — hindered realization that the [people] of disease might be present in water which looked quite drinkable .

The Active Gel Network consists of very fine links which release under the pressure of application and then re-form , holding colour pigments , ultraviolet filters and oils on the surface and allowing the moisturising agents to penetrate .
the active gel network consists of very fine links which release under the pressure of application and then re-form , holding colour pigments , ultraviolet filters and oils on the surface and allowing the moisturising [people] to penetrate .

If , however , we are unable to resolve any dispute arising out of a complaint than the complaint may be referred to Arbitration under a special scheme devised by arrangement with the Association of British Travel Agents but administered independently by the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators .
if , however , we are unable to resolve any dispute arising out of a complaint than the complaint may be referred to arbitration under a special scheme devised by arrangement with the association of british travel [people] but administered independently by the chartered institute of arbitrators .

But they admit individual agents only on the terms on which a natural scientist admits individual and particular objects .
but they admit individual [people] only on the terms on which a natural scientist admits individual and particular objects .

Although they embody a real-world claim about how agents are motivated , they function more like a paradigm than a generalization .
although they embody a real-world claim about how [people] are motivated , they function more like a paradigm than a generalization .

In the style of economists , we are to reconstruct the agents ' choices , given their preferences and information sets , assuming that they are rational agents .
in the style of economists , we are to reconstruct the [people] ' choices , given their preferences and information sets , assuming that they are rational [people] .

In practice agents do not , or even perhaps could not , have complete and consistent preferences , partly because what they want is often affected by what they believe , and they do not , or could not , have perfect information .
in practice [people] do not , or even perhaps could not , have complete and consistent preferences , partly because what they want is often affected by what they believe , and they do not , or could not , have perfect information .

That leaves obvious questions about why exactly this illuminates decisions by finite human agents in worlds full of ‘ friction ’ , but we would rather leave them to Chapter 6 , where Game Theory will be found illuminating for thinking about international relations in an ideal-typical way .
that leaves obvious questions about why exactly this illuminates decisions by finite human [people] in worlds full of ‘ friction ’ , but we would rather leave them to chapter 6 , where game theory will be found illuminating for thinking about international relations in an ideal-typical way .

If economic agents do not arrive at the solutions indicated by the economic model ( or if foreign policy decision-makers do not choose the strategies recommended by game theory ) , that is , one might say , so much the worse for the agents .
if economic [people] do not arrive at the solutions indicated by the economic model ( or if foreign policy decision-makers do not choose the strategies recommended by game theory ) , that is , one might say , so much the worse for the [people] .

So , in many common law jurisdictions , and in countries such as those in Scandinavia with a similar approach , the responsibility for service rests with the plaintiff himself or the agents ( solicitors , process-servers ) whom he employs .
so , in many common law jurisdictions , and in countries such as those in scandinavia with a similar approach , the responsibility for service rests with the plaintiff himself or the [people] ( solicitors , process-servers ) whom he employs .

direct service on the defendant by diplomatic or consular agents of the state of origin .
direct service on the defendant by diplomatic or consular [people] of the state of origin .

This provides for service , directly upon the addressee and without the use of any form of compulsion , by consular agents and also for the use of the indirect consular channel , service being effected in France through the procureur de la République within whose area the addressee was to be found , and in England through the Senior Master of the Supreme Court .
this provides for service , directly upon the addressee and without the use of any form of compulsion , by consular [people] and also for the use of the indirect consular channel , service being effected in france through the procureur de la république within whose area the addressee was to be found , and in england through the senior master of the supreme court .

The strength of this argument is increasingly recognised , as the expertise of Central Authorities has grown ; some countries have chosen to use their Central Authorities as transmitting agents , although not required to do so by the Convention , and have discovered that the advantages outweigh any risk of slight delays caused by the extra agency involved within the state of origin .
the strength of this argument is increasingly recognised , as the expertise of central authorities has grown ; some countries have chosen to use their central authorities as transmitting [people] , although not required to do so by the convention , and have discovered that the advantages outweigh any risk of slight delays caused by the extra agency involved within the state of origin .

Service by diplomatic or consular agents directly on the addressee , without the use of any compulsion .
service by diplomatic or consular [people] directly on the addressee , without the use of any compulsion .

Just over fifty years later a second Montevideo Congress produced a revised Convention , that on International Procedural Law of 19 March 1940 , To the existing text of what became Article 11 were added two further sentences , one requiring that letters rogatory be translated into the language of the state of destination and the other dispensing with the requirement of legalisation provided transmission was through the diplomatic ( or , in their absence , consular ) agents of the state of origin .
just over fifty years later a second montevideo congress produced a revised convention , that on international procedural law of 19 march 1940 , to the existing text of what became article 11 were added two further sentences , one requiring that letters rogatory be translated into the language of the state of destination and the other dispensing with the requirement of legalisation provided transmission was through the diplomatic ( or , in their absence , consular ) [people] of the state of origin .

The explanatory commentary to Article 3 , dealing with service by agents of the court or of the parties , observes that ‘ there is no cogent reason why States should be free to oppose service by such regularly established means as agents of a tribunal or a party where no compulsion is exercised , and where no political problem , such as is involved in the exercise of diplomatic or consular functions , is raised ’ .
the explanatory commentary to article 3 , dealing with service by [people] of the court or of the parties , observes that ‘ there is no cogent reason why states should be free to oppose service by such regularly established means as [people] of a tribunal or a party where no compulsion is exercised , and where no political problem , such as is involved in the exercise of diplomatic or consular functions , is raised ’ .

These involve action by diplomatic or consular agents ( presumably of the state of origin , though this is not made clear in the text ) , by the Central Authority designated for the purposes of the convention in either the state of origin or that of destination , by ‘ the interested parties ’ , or ‘ through judicial channels ’ .
these involve action by diplomatic or consular [people] ( presumably of the state of origin , though this is not made clear in the text ) , by the central authority designated for the purposes of the convention in either the state of origin or that of destination , by ‘ the interested parties ’ , or ‘ through judicial channels ’ .

Article 13 allows the service of documents and the taking of evidence by consular and diplomatic agents in the state in which they are accredited , provided their acts are not contrary to the law of that state and involve no means of compulsion .
article 13 allows the service of documents and the taking of evidence by consular and diplomatic [people] in the state in which they are accredited , provided their acts are not contrary to the law of that state and involve no means of compulsion .

It is submitted that this leaves in place the binding character of Article 13 of the original Convention as to service of documents by accredited consular or diplomatic agents .
it is submitted that this leaves in place the binding character of article 13 of the original convention as to service of documents by accredited consular or diplomatic [people] .

The foreign court is asked to notify the English court or any appointed agents of the parties of the date and place of the examination , and to reduce the evidence into writing .
the foreign court is asked to notify the english court or any appointed [people] of the parties of the date and place of the examination , and to reduce the evidence into writing .

Finally , Article 15 of the 1905 Convention expressly preserved the right of States to take evidence through their diplomatic and consular agents .
finally , article 15 of the 1905 convention expressly preserved the right of states to take evidence through their diplomatic and consular [people] .

Taking of Evidence by Diplomatic Officers , Consular Agents and Commissioners
taking of evidence by diplomatic officers , consular [people] and commissioners

Evidence can be freely taken by agents acting on behalf of foreign litigants ; but no compulsory processes may be used , nor may the evidence be taken on oath .
evidence can be freely taken by [people] acting on behalf of foreign litigants ; but no compulsory processes may be used , nor may the evidence be taken on oath .

Civil law countries take a much stricter line on the permissibility of such actions in their jurisdiction by the agents of foreign courts .
civil law countries take a much stricter line on the permissibility of such actions in their jurisdiction by the [people] of foreign courts .

The University shall not be liable for any consequential or other loss , damage or injury howsoever caused which may arise out of or in connection with the use of the University 's premises by conference/course participants , the Organiser , their agents , servants or contractors .
the university shall not be liable for any consequential or other loss , damage or injury howsoever caused which may arise out of or in connection with the use of the university 's premises by conference/course participants , the organiser , their [people] , servants or contractors .

the Organisers shall accept full responsibility for making good any damage caused to the premises , furniture , equipment or other property of the University by conference/course participants , the Organisers , their agents , servants or contractors , and for the cost involved in any substantial alterations of the normal furniture layout of the accommodation to be used , or , where more than normal costs are involved , in cleaning it and restoring it to order after use .
the organisers shall accept full responsibility for making good any damage caused to the premises , furniture , equipment or other property of the university by conference/course participants , the organisers , their [people] , servants or contractors , and for the cost involved in any substantial alterations of the normal furniture layout of the accommodation to be used , or , where more than normal costs are involved , in cleaning it and restoring it to order after use .

The Organisers shall be liable for and shall indemnify the University against any claims against it of whatsoever nature including , but not limited to , claims in respect of death , injury , loss or damage where any such claim is caused by or arises by reason of the acts , omission or negligence of conference/course participants , the Organisers , their agents , servants or contractors .
the organisers shall be liable for and shall indemnify the university against any claims against it of whatsoever nature including , but not limited to , claims in respect of death , injury , loss or damage where any such claim is caused by or arises by reason of the acts , omission or negligence of conference/course participants , the organisers , their [people] , servants or contractors .

The case was distinguished from Percival v. Wright because the directors had held themselves out as agents of some of the shareholders and thus were capable of being considered as fiduciaries to those shareholders .
the case was distinguished from percival v. wright because the directors had held themselves out as [people] of some of the shareholders and thus were capable of being considered as fiduciaries to those shareholders .

Effective supervision of securities firms of their employees and agents is a foundation of the federal regulatory scheme of investor protection .
effective supervision of securities firms of their employees and [people] is a foundation of the federal regulatory scheme of investor protection .

Agents able to interrupt these two mechanisms should be able to bring about preemptive analgesia .
[people] able to interrupt these two mechanisms should be able to bring about preemptive analgesia .

Some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of agents and timing required for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .
some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of [people] and timing required for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .

Various combinations of topical and non-absorbable antimicrobial agents have been used to reduce relative numbers of Gram negative bacilli and yeasts cultured from faeces and the oropharynx while maintaining normal anaerobic flora .
various combinations of topical and non-absorbable antimicrobial [people] have been used to reduce relative numbers of gram negative bacilli and yeasts cultured from faeces and the oropharynx while maintaining normal anaerobic flora .

Most regimens have included non-absorbable antibacterial and antifungal agents administered into the gastrointestinal tract by nasogastric tube as well as a topical preparation to the nasopharynx and hypopharynx .
most regimens have included non-absorbable antibacterial and antifungal [people] administered into the gastrointestinal tract by nasogastric tube as well as a topical preparation to the nasopharynx and hypopharynx .

Depend on transmissible and sometimes hereditable agents
depend on transmissible and sometimes hereditable [people]

Allergic reactions can occur to surgical dressings , cleansing agents , and antibiotics .
allergic reactions can occur to surgical dressings , cleansing [people] , and antibiotics .

Some 75,000 subscribers pay to access Prestel , and many of those are commercial users of services closed to the rest of us , such as travel agents accessing seat availabilities through those little terminals you see on their desks .
some 75,000 subscribers pay to access prestel , and many of those are commercial users of services closed to the rest of us , such as travel [people] accessing seat availabilities through those little terminals you see on their desks .

The Ronseal Low-Odour Wood Preserver is for exterior wood , providing deep penetration , a special blend of waterproofing agents , and fade-resistant natural pigments .
the ronseal low-odour wood preserver is for exterior wood , providing deep penetration , a special blend of waterproofing [people] , and fade-resistant natural pigments .

They liaise with solicitors , surveyors , estate agents and builders , answer your questions , and send you a weekly progress report .
they liaise with solicitors , surveyors , estate [people] and builders , answer your questions , and send you a weekly progress report .

If your planning to move house and already have an endowment mortgage , watch out for ‘ churners ’ — agents who persuade you to cash in your endowment policy and take out a completely new one .
if your planning to move house and already have an endowment mortgage , watch out for ‘ churners ’ — [people] who persuade you to cash in your endowment policy and take out a completely new one .

He left behind him a police force outraged by his treachery and a judicial establishment unable to believe that , for the first time , a South African policeman was prepared to tell all about the dirty tricks departments , the hit squads , the assassination detachments and the enormous , shabby , meritorious , violent conspiracy so interwoven into the blood and guts of the South African security services that its agents can no longer tell the difference between criminal pursuits and active police work .
he left behind him a police force outraged by his treachery and a judicial establishment unable to believe that , for the first time , a south african policeman was prepared to tell all about the dirty tricks departments , the hit squads , the assassination detachments and the enormous , shabby , meritorious , violent conspiracy so interwoven into the blood and guts of the south african security services that its [people] can no longer tell the difference between criminal pursuits and active police work .

So , it is variations in income levels which equate total injections and leakages , even though these flows are the results of the decisions of millions of different economic agents .
so , it is variations in income levels which equate total injections and leakages , even though these flows are the results of the decisions of millions of different economic [people] .

From birth , the baby and infant imbibes moral values and learns to control instinctual wishes so that he or she is not chastised by parents , or other agents of socialization .
from birth , the baby and infant imbibes moral values and learns to control instinctual wishes so that he or she is not chastised by parents , or other [people] of socialization .

The sack should be in certain Karrimor agents ' shops by now , priced £350 , but at present it will only fit people of average size or bigger — those who take , say , size 42–47 boots .
the sack should be in certain karrimor [people] ' shops by now , priced £350 , but at present it will only fit people of average size or bigger — those who take , say , size 42–47 boots .

And there are always the agents , Edam Victor , Gilds Gorgon , Erect Heath , Debouch Ropers , Michel Siphons , Cardamom King , to provide stability in a changing world .
and there are always the [people] , edam victor , gilds gorgon , erect heath , debouch ropers , michel siphons , cardamom king , to provide stability in a changing world .

While agents may be fined up to £5,000 for misleading descriptions , in setting out only the basic details of a property much is lost .
while [people] may be fined up to £5,000 for misleading descriptions , in setting out only the basic details of a property much is lost .

Even so , they are an important ingredient in the ‘ mere puff ’ distributed by enthusiastic agents in their drive to sell properties .
even so , they are an important ingredient in the ‘ mere puff ’ distributed by enthusiastic [people] in their drive to sell properties .

Agents will no longer inform buyers of new instructions when the property has been on the market for upwards of two years .
[people] will no longer inform buyers of new instructions when the property has been on the market for upwards of two years .

The Act is seen as a step towards the Government 's policy to reform and simplify the property market , although it will add to the burden of estate agents as they strive to survive in what continues to be a testing market .
the act is seen as a step towards the government 's policy to reform and simplify the property market , although it will add to the burden of estate [people] as they strive to survive in what continues to be a testing market .

the Association now has a membership of approximately 1,500 , comprising freelance illustrators and agents , tutors , students and clients .
the association now has a membership of approximately 1,500 , comprising freelance illustrators and [people] , tutors , students and clients .

On the practical side all members are offered a free portfolio consultation with a professional consultant who will give advice on your strong and weak points as well as make suggestions about the most suitable clients and agents to approach for your particular type of work .
on the practical side all members are offered a free portfolio consultation with a professional consultant who will give advice on your strong and weak points as well as make suggestions about the most suitable clients and [people] to approach for your particular type of work .

This is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the Adjustment Period , thus for example , if one has obtained a Medical Report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the Adjustment Period and will now be incorporated in the Closed Record .
this is prepared by the pursuer 's [people] and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the adjustment period , thus for example , if one has obtained a medical report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the adjustment period and will now be incorporated in the closed record .

By this stage , the pursuer 's agents ought to be prepared for Proof and ought , therefore , to be more receptive to arguments concerning actual weaknesses in their case than may have been true at an earlier stage .
by this stage , the pursuer 's [people] ought to be prepared for proof and ought , therefore , to be more receptive to arguments concerning actual weaknesses in their case than may have been true at an earlier stage .

In practice , to date , pursuers ' agents by and large have tended to specify their case with as much detail as previously though there have been efforts , to date challenged successfully , to give a briefer outline not much different from the initial letter of claim .
in practice , to date , pursuers ' [people] by and large have tended to specify their case with as much detail as previously though there have been efforts , to date challenged successfully , to give a briefer outline not much different from the initial letter of claim .

This imposes a very onerous obligation on the defenders ' agents and their insurers because the list must cover not only those documents in the hands of the solicitor or the insurer , but also those held by the insured .
this imposes a very onerous obligation on the defenders ' [people] and their insurers because the list must cover not only those documents in the hands of the solicitor or the insurer , but also those held by the insured .

Curiously pursuers ' agents to date have tended to follow the specific wording of the rule , namely disclosing ‘ the substance of the evidence ’ by which they have simply produced the factual statement by the Expert and excluded his opinion or conclusion .
curiously pursuers ' [people] to date have tended to follow the specific wording of the rule , namely disclosing ‘ the substance of the evidence ’ by which they have simply produced the factual statement by the expert and excluded his opinion or conclusion .

On the other hand , pursuers ' agents will doubtless maintain that any pursuer who faces the prospect of osteo-arthritis in an injured joint , or degeneration in a back complaint faces serious deterioration and is entitled to take advantage of the provisional damages scheme .
on the other hand , pursuers ' [people] will doubtless maintain that any pursuer who faces the prospect of osteo-arthritis in an injured joint , or degeneration in a back complaint faces serious deterioration and is entitled to take advantage of the provisional damages scheme .

The main source cited was overseas agents with 51 % of firms using their local contact to gain market knowledge .
the main source cited was overseas [people] with 51 % of firms using their local contact to gain market knowledge .

It is also recognised that having a single contact person within the Exchequer Division to deal with travel agents is good practice and therefore it is suggested that Carole Ann Johnston , Admin Assistant arrange all travel and overnight accommodation when required .
it is also recognised that having a single contact person within the exchequer division to deal with travel [people] is good practice and therefore it is suggested that carole ann johnston , admin assistant arrange all travel and overnight accommodation when required .

Council Tax Demands are due on a variety of dates each month in order to spread the workload on Council staff and our agents .
council tax demands are due on a variety of dates each month in order to spread the workload on council staff and our [people] .

‘ Werner Keitel was an Abwehr agent employed at the time to select deep cover agents .
‘ werner keitel was an abwehr agent employed at the time to select deep cover [people] .

Some areas covered are : biochemical studies into protein-lipid interactions in biological membranes ; the nature of cytochrome c ; electrophysiology of striate cortex ; electrophysiology of fertilisation ; electrophysiology and pharmacology of antiparasitic agents ; neuropeptide function in the spinal cord ; pain and analgesia in animals ; physiology of the enteric nervous system ; sensory and reflex mechanisms in the sheep vomero-nasal apparatus ; central mechanisms of duodenal-gastric control in sheep ; structure and function of equine and porcine hoof horn ; the anatomy and physiology of the foetus and neonate ; combined structural and functional studies in the mammalian spinal cord ; histochemistry and physiology of neurones in trigeminal and spinal ganglia .
some areas covered are : biochemical studies into protein-lipid interactions in biological membranes ; the nature of cytochrome c ; electrophysiology of striate cortex ; electrophysiology of fertilisation ; electrophysiology and pharmacology of antiparasitic [people] ; neuropeptide function in the spinal cord ; pain and analgesia in animals ; physiology of the enteric nervous system ; sensory and reflex mechanisms in the sheep vomero-nasal apparatus ; central mechanisms of duodenal-gastric control in sheep ; structure and function of equine and porcine hoof horn ; the anatomy and physiology of the foetus and neonate ; combined structural and functional studies in the mammalian spinal cord ; histochemistry and physiology of neurones in trigeminal and spinal ganglia .

He had warned the Assistant Commissioner , McPhee , and together they would ensure that for the next two or three days the City was flooded with agents who would alert them at once to an assembly .
he had warned the assistant commissioner , mcphee , and together they would ensure that for the next two or three days the city was flooded with [people] who would alert them at once to an assembly .

Nikos also brought in some leaflets which his agents had confiscated .
nikos also brought in some leaflets which his [people] had confiscated .

He went to his desk and produced a sheaf of agents ' reports .
he went to his desk and produced a sheaf of [people] ' reports .

He could n't pay his agents .
he could n't pay his [people] .

After the interview Andrus , much to his surprise , had been released ; but when he left Mahmoud 's office one of Owen 's agents had followed on behind him .
after the interview andrus , much to his surprise , had been released ; but when he left mahmoud 's office one of owen 's [people] had followed on behind him .

This holds that society is nothing more than the individuals who make it up and that they can be described , as causal agents in the social situation , solely with regard to their individual psychology and to nothing else .
this holds that society is nothing more than the individuals who make it up and that they can be described , as causal [people] in the social situation , solely with regard to their individual psychology and to nothing else .

Medical microbiology is concerned with the interactions between micro-organisms and their hosts ; for example , the explanations in biological and molecular terms of infectious processes and resultant host tissue damage , or of the action of antibiotics and antiviral agents , and the emergence of resistant organisms .
medical microbiology is concerned with the interactions between micro-organisms and their hosts ; for example , the explanations in biological and molecular terms of infectious processes and resultant host tissue damage , or of the action of antibiotics and antiviral [people] , and the emergence of resistant organisms .

Some drugs are useful agents in the treatment of disease in man and animals but some may also produce undesirable effects .
some drugs are useful [people] in the treatment of disease in man and animals but some may also produce undesirable effects .

On the north side were the training huts , one for chemical and bacteriological agents , one for firearms and explosives and one for ideological instruction .
on the north side were the training huts , one for chemical and bacteriological [people] , one for firearms and explosives and one for ideological instruction .

‘ Something to do with nerve agents or radiation sickness ? ’
‘ something to do with nerve [people] or radiation sickness ? ’

The state employs the national associations representing producer groups as its agents ( Panitch 1979 and 1980 ) .
the state employs the national associations representing producer groups as its [people] ( panitch 1979 and 1980 ) .

In the Soviet Union , for example , local party agents are responsible for the general performance of government and enterprises within their districts .
in the soviet union , for example , local party [people] are responsible for the general performance of government and enterprises within their districts .

Administrative staff are never exclusively bureaucratic , but usually include notables and agents of interest groups .
administrative staff are never exclusively bureaucratic , but usually include notables and [people] of interest groups .

However , many have argued that the dependency perspective failed to explain how the practices of the TNCs and those who act as their agents in the Third World actually operated to produce underdevelopment , particularly where something like the kinds of development that are taken for granted in the First World have occurred regionally or in particular industries in some Third World countries .
however , many have argued that the dependency perspective failed to explain how the practices of the tncs and those who act as their [people] in the third world actually operated to produce underdevelopment , particularly where something like the kinds of development that are taken for granted in the first world have occurred regionally or in particular industries in some third world countries .

Transnational practices are , of course , abstract concepts , but they refer directly to the practices of agents and derive meaning from the institutional settings in which they occur , and because of which they have determinate effects .
transnational practices are , of course , abstract concepts , but they refer directly to the practices of [people] and derive meaning from the institutional settings in which they occur , and because of which they have determinate effects .

The primary agents of the political and cultural-ideological TNPs may be somewhat more contentious .
the primary [people] of the political and cultural-ideological tnps may be somewhat more contentious .

The institutions of the culture-ideology of consumerism , as expressed through the transnational mass media , are the primary agents in the cultural-ideological sphere .
the institutions of the culture-ideology of consumerism , as expressed through the transnational mass media , are the primary [people] in the cultural-ideological sphere .

It may be helpful to explain this in terms of what each of these three primary agents typically produces , the results of its practices .
it may be helpful to explain this in terms of what each of these three primary [people] typically produces , the results of its practices .

The specific function of the agents of transnational political practices is to create and sustain the organizational forms within which this penetration takes place and to connect them organically with those domestic practices that can be incorporated and mobilized in the interests of the global capitalist system .
the specific function of the [people] of transnational political practices is to create and sustain the organizational forms within which this penetration takes place and to connect them organically with those domestic practices that can be incorporated and mobilized in the interests of the global capitalist system .

Although the agents of global capitalism are firmly in control and the TNCs are clearly the dominant institutional force , there are , as we approach the millennium , two counter movements that could represent real threats to the global capitalist system .
although the [people] of global capitalism are firmly in control and the tncs are clearly the dominant institutional force , there are , as we approach the millennium , two counter movements that could represent real threats to the global capitalist system .

The national origin of the agents of media control is not the point .
the national origin of the [people] of media control is not the point .

The transnational corporations strive to control global capital and material resources , the transnational capitalist classes strive to control global power , and the transnational agents and institutions of the culture-ideology of consumerism strive to control the realm of ideas .
the transnational corporations strive to control global capital and material resources , the transnational capitalist classes strive to control global power , and the transnational [people] and institutions of the culture-ideology of consumerism strive to control the realm of ideas .

In China , the European trading houses began to employ local Chinese to act as their agents from the middle of the nineteenth century , and the term began to be attached to those who would serve the interests of the foreigner before the interests of their co-nationals .
in china , the european trading houses began to employ local chinese to act as their [people] from the middle of the nineteenth century , and the term began to be attached to those who would serve the interests of the foreigner before the interests of their co-nationals .

Patients were excluded if they had taken ulcer healing agents , antibiotics , or cytotoxic drugs within one week of endoscopy .
patients were excluded if they had taken ulcer healing [people] , antibiotics , or cytotoxic drugs within one week of endoscopy .

Because the two agents have independent inhibitory effects on platelet function and the coagulation cascade , it has been argued that both should be used .
because the two [people] have independent inhibitory effects on platelet function and the coagulation cascade , it has been argued that both should be used .

Although the recommendation of combined use was based on rational pathophysiological principles , only randomised trial data can be used to assess the net risk-to-benefit ratio for the combination of these agents .
although the recommendation of combined use was based on rational pathophysiological principles , only randomised trial data can be used to assess the net risk-to-benefit ratio for the combination of these [people] .

Antiarrhythmic agents can worsen existing arrhythmias or cause new ones .
antiarrhythmic [people] can worsen existing arrhythmias or cause new ones .

By 1475 , therefore , the Stanleys had in effect been confirmed as the leading royal agents in Lancashire .
by 1475 , therefore , the stanleys had in effect been confirmed as the leading royal [people] in lancashire .

The gastric mucosa resists the corrosive effects of peptic hydrochloric acid secretion and noxious extrinsic agents .
the gastric mucosa resists the corrosive effects of peptic hydrochloric acid secretion and noxious extrinsic [people] .

The requirement for exogenous administration of cholinergic agents to stimulate motility in isolated models of mammalian small bowel , has been described previously .
the requirement for exogenous administration of cholinergic [people] to stimulate motility in isolated models of mammalian small bowel , has been described previously .

Considering Dicke 's thesis as well as van de Kamer 's publication in 1952 it is quite clear that when Dicke went to Utrecht to perform his classic dietary fat absorption experiments , he had already been convinced for years that wheat , rye , and oat meal products were the offending agents in the cause of coeliac disease .
considering dicke 's thesis as well as van de kamer 's publication in 1952 it is quite clear that when dicke went to utrecht to perform his classic dietary fat absorption experiments , he had already been convinced for years that wheat , rye , and oat meal products were the offending [people] in the cause of coeliac disease .

Criteria for inclusion were : liquid stool incontinence for at least 12 months , frequency of incontinence of at least once a week , frequent severe urgency , and inefficacy of conventional medical treatment ( constipating agents , fibre supplementation , regular enemas ) given for at least one month by the referring physician .
criteria for inclusion were : liquid stool incontinence for at least 12 months , frequency of incontinence of at least once a week , frequent severe urgency , and inefficacy of conventional medical treatment ( constipating [people] , fibre supplementation , regular enemas ) given for at least one month by the referring physician .

Although the exact agents responsible are not known , it is probable that initiation is induced by a chemical carcinogen .
although the exact [people] responsible are not known , it is probable that initiation is induced by a chemical carcinogen .

It has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .
it has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic [people] , including acid .

Thus , the preferred culture media contain antimicrobial agents that inhibit competing organisms .
thus , the preferred culture media contain antimicrobial [people] that inhibit competing organisms .

One of these antimicrobial agents is cefamandole , but since some legionellae are themselves sensitive to this drug the concentration of organisms in water and air specimens could be underestimated .
one of these antimicrobial [people] is cefamandole , but since some legionellae are themselves sensitive to this drug the concentration of organisms in water and air specimens could be underestimated .

Six thrombolytic agents are either approved for clinical use or under clinical investigation in some patients with acute myocardial infarction .
six thrombolytic [people] are either approved for clinical use or under clinical investigation in some patients with acute myocardial infarction .

These data have led to increasing use ( about 450,000 patients treated worldwide in 1992 ) and widening indications ( mainly myocardial infarction but also pulmonary embolism and peripheral arterial occlusion ) for thrombolytic agents .
these data have led to increasing use ( about 450,000 patients treated worldwide in 1992 ) and widening indications ( mainly myocardial infarction but also pulmonary embolism and peripheral arterial occlusion ) for thrombolytic [people] .

Currently available thrombolytic agents have several important limitations .
currently available thrombolytic [people] have several important limitations .

Furthermore , all available thrombolytic agents except anistreplase are cleared rapidly ; their therapeutic use requires continuous intravenous infusion of large amounts of material .
furthermore , all available thrombolytic [people] except anistreplase are cleared rapidly ; their therapeutic use requires continuous intravenous infusion of large amounts of material .

While the opportunities and limitations of fibrinolytic agents for the dissolution of whole blood clots are well known , the potential for dispersion of platelet clumps and platelet-rich thrombus has not been explored adequately .
while the opportunities and limitations of fibrinolytic [people] for the dissolution of whole blood clots are well known , the potential for dispersion of platelet clumps and platelet-rich thrombus has not been explored adequately .

Third , the use of more specific and potent anticoagulant and antiplatelet agents to accelerate recanalisation and prevent reocclusion .
third , the use of more specific and potent anticoagulant and antiplatelet [people] to accelerate recanalisation and prevent reocclusion .

Whether these agents will be safe enough for clinical use in man remains unknown .
whether these [people] will be safe enough for clinical use in man remains unknown .

As proof of his good faith he deposited with the business agents the sum of £1,000 pounds which he had in savings .
as proof of his good faith he deposited with the business [people] the sum of £1,000 pounds which he had in savings .

The antiplatelet agents prostacyclin and dipyridamole are likewise not routinely used because of their cardiovascular effects and poor efficacy , respectively .
the antiplatelet [people] prostacyclin and dipyridamole are likewise not routinely used because of their cardiovascular effects and poor efficacy , respectively .

Such agents have been used effectively in patients undergoing dental , orthopaedic , hepatic , vascular , and neurosurgery procedures , but most of the data on the use of such drugs have accrued from cardiac surgery .
such [people] have been used effectively in patients undergoing dental , orthopaedic , hepatic , vascular , and neurosurgery procedures , but most of the data on the use of such drugs have accrued from cardiac surgery .

With the exception of aprotinin , none of the agents has been shown to influence the requirements for blood or blood-product transfusion consistently or substantially , particularly in the high-risk categories of surgical , and especially cardiac surgical , patients .
with the exception of aprotinin , none of the [people] has been shown to influence the requirements for blood or blood-product transfusion consistently or substantially , particularly in the high-risk categories of surgical , and especially cardiac surgical , patients .

Platelet and white cell activation are inhibited , as is the release of agents such as arachidonic acid metabolites , specifically thromboxane and cytokines such as interleukin-8 .
platelet and white cell activation are inhibited , as is the release of [people] such as arachidonic acid metabolites , specifically thromboxane and cytokines such as interleukin-8 .

In particular , are blood-sparing agents associated with a higher mortality or morbidity as a result of excess clot formation ?
in particular , are blood-sparing [people] associated with a higher mortality or morbidity as a result of excess clot formation ?

The choice between lignocaine and bretylium has varied over the years , with comparative trials showing no difference in outcome between the two agents .
the choice between lignocaine and bretylium has varied over the years , with comparative trials showing no difference in outcome between the two [people] .

The physiological changes of pregnancy alter responses to drugs , normal anatomy ( eg , the position of the airway ) , and cardiovascular responses to postural change , anaesthetic agents , and surgery .
the physiological changes of pregnancy alter responses to drugs , normal anatomy ( eg , the position of the airway ) , and cardiovascular responses to postural change , anaesthetic [people] , and surgery .

Detainees in police stations should have no more difficulty in obtaining therapeutic agents than the average citizen at home , and probably less , since the latter does not generally have a car and driver to collect his medicines from the local pharmacy .
detainees in police stations should have no more difficulty in obtaining therapeutic [people] than the average citizen at home , and probably less , since the latter does not generally have a car and driver to collect his medicines from the local pharmacy .

Studies in animals show these radicals are electrophysiologically active and that anti-free-radical agents protect against reperfusion arrhythmias .
studies in animals show these radicals are electrophysiologically active and that anti-free-radical [people] protect against reperfusion arrhythmias .

In human beings , free radicals have been detected in coronary venous effluent blood in the immediate post-reperfusion phase of acute myocardial infarction , although the effects of anti-free-radical agents on reperfusion arrhythmias have not been studied .
in human beings , free radicals have been detected in coronary venous effluent blood in the immediate post-reperfusion phase of acute myocardial infarction , although the effects of anti-free-radical [people] on reperfusion arrhythmias have not been studied .

economic agents suffer no systematic misperceptions , money illusions , etc. , so it is the unforeseen and unexpected that have influence on the economy ;
economic [people] suffer no systematic misperceptions , money illusions , etc. , so it is the unforeseen and unexpected that have influence on the economy ;

economic agents simultaneously employ an economic model of the economy and use all available information , the expected marginal benefits of which equal or exceed its marginal cost , to make predictions about economic outcomes .
economic [people] simultaneously employ an economic model of the economy and use all available information , the expected marginal benefits of which equal or exceed its marginal cost , to make predictions about economic outcomes .

The incomplete , sluggish and/or mistaken adjustments to changing economic signals that can be found in the Keynesian and monetarist short-run situations are removed from the new classical world by economic agents ' incentives and their ability to use full information to adjust to any new configuration of nominal variables as rapidly as possible .
the incomplete , sluggish and/or mistaken adjustments to changing economic signals that can be found in the keynesian and monetarist short-run situations are removed from the new classical world by economic [people] ' incentives and their ability to use full information to adjust to any new configuration of nominal variables as rapidly as possible .

With stable macro policies of either a monetary or a fiscal kind , rational expectations on behalf of economic agents mean that such agents fully appreciate the signals that trigger government policy and the prescriptions that follow , internalizing this into their behaviour .
with stable macro policies of either a monetary or a fiscal kind , rational expectations on behalf of economic [people] mean that such [people] fully appreciate the signals that trigger government policy and the prescriptions that follow , internalizing this into their behaviour .

They argue that ‘ … the local/central government relationship with respect to administration is … an example of the general principal/agent problem — how to provide necessarily decentralised ( to maximize information ) agents with incentives to pursue the central government principal 's objectives ’ ( p. ix ) .
they argue that ‘ … the local/central government relationship with respect to administration is … an example of the general principal/agent problem — how to provide necessarily decentralised ( to maximize information ) [people] with incentives to pursue the central government principal 's objectives ’ ( p. ix ) .

One of the administrative advantages is that central government can ameliorate the monopoly of information which may be possessed by such agents .
one of the administrative advantages is that central government can ameliorate the monopoly of information which may be possessed by such [people] .

His greatest use , he felt , would be in forging this connection , with the help of the agents he imagined were already in place in these countries , and developing it .
his greatest use , he felt , would be in forging this connection , with the help of the [people] he imagined were already in place in these countries , and developing it .

The agents have always been most strict with me .
the [people] have always been most strict with me .

What neither German radio nor the public knew was that the Duke of Buccleuch was placed under house arrest on his estates in Scotland , several aristocrats were personally warned by Churchill that if they talked of peace they would be jailed , and Lord Londonderry was questioned inconclusively about a meeting that was alleged to have taken place on his Mountstewart estate in Northern Ireland with four German agents who had travelled up through the Free State .
what neither german radio nor the public knew was that the duke of buccleuch was placed under house arrest on his estates in scotland , several aristocrats were personally warned by churchill that if they talked of peace they would be jailed , and lord londonderry was questioned inconclusively about a meeting that was alleged to have taken place on his mountstewart estate in northern ireland with four german [people] who had travelled up through the free state .

It was actually a cellar but London 's estate agents removed that word from the dictionary long ago .
it was actually a cellar but london 's estate [people] removed that word from the dictionary long ago .

Red lead added sparkle , and manganese and blue powder ( cobalt ) were used as colouring agents .
red lead added sparkle , and manganese and blue powder ( cobalt ) were used as colouring [people] .

In 1856 Gainsborough had 13 wharfingers and shipping agents , 6 marine store dealers , 10 ship and sloop owners , 4 ship and boat builders and a sailmaker .
in 1856 gainsborough had 13 wharfingers and shipping [people] , 6 marine store dealers , 10 ship and sloop owners , 4 ship and boat builders and a sailmaker .

Gene mutations occur spontaneously and can be induced by mutagenic agents such has high temperature , mustard gas , and radiation .
gene mutations occur spontaneously and can be induced by mutagenic [people] such has high temperature , mustard gas , and radiation .

Alkanones are not good reducing agents and do not react with reagents .
alkanones are not good reducing [people] and do not react with reagents .

Alkanals are good reducing agents .
alkanals are good reducing [people] .

Reducing agents used for this purpose include carbon or other metals .
reducing [people] used for this purpose include carbon or other metals .

Stoddard 's North American Agents , Patrick Carpet Mills from California , were welcomed to Elderslie for a three day visit in April .
stoddard 's north american [people] , patrick carpet mills from california , were welcomed to elderslie for a three day visit in april .

Wishart Scientific are agents for Olympus microscopes in Northern Ireland and have expanded in personnel from two to twelve in five years .
wishart scientific are [people] for olympus microscopes in northern ireland and have expanded in personnel from two to twelve in five years .

Based in Osset near Leeds , Optivision are agents for Olympus microscopes in North East England .
based in osset near leeds , optivision are [people] for olympus microscopes in north east england .

New Agents Appointed
new [people] appointed

To cope with expanding sales , Lyle have appointed three new agents , increasing their sales team to a total of ten .
to cope with expanding sales , lyle have appointed three new [people] , increasing their sales team to a total of ten .

The Paris Office , opened early last year , is now consolidated with Bernard Violet managing a team of four agents .
the paris office , opened early last year , is now consolidated with bernard violet managing a team of four [people] .

Urban had earlier accused former StB agents of seeking to disrupt the elections by spreading false rumours and denunciations against candidates standing for election .
urban had earlier accused former stb [people] of seeking to disrupt the elections by spreading false rumours and denunciations against candidates standing for election .

At a press conference on May 2 President Vaclav Havel said that he thought that racist attacks by groups of skinheads on Romanies , Vietnamese guest workers and other members of racial minorities were being provoked by supporters or agents of the former communist regime , who were also engaging in disinformation about the situation in the country .
at a press conference on may 2 president vaclav havel said that he thought that racist attacks by groups of skinheads on romanies , vietnamese guest workers and other members of racial minorities were being provoked by supporters or [people] of the former communist regime , who were also engaging in disinformation about the situation in the country .

On March 19 , 100 federal police agents occupied the police headquarters in the north-western city of Tucumán demanding the reinstatement of 30 colleagues dismissed in the government cutbacks , and increased salaries .
on march 19 , 100 federal police [people] occupied the police headquarters in the north-western city of tucumán demanding the reinstatement of 30 colleagues dismissed in the government cutbacks , and increased salaries .

Relations with Transkei , where de Klerk urged a return to civilian rule , had been complicated by Holomisa 's allegations that two men arrested on Dec. 29 , 1989 , had been South African agents on a mission to kill him .
relations with transkei , where de klerk urged a return to civilian rule , had been complicated by holomisa 's allegations that two men arrested on dec. 29 , 1989 , had been south african [people] on a mission to kill him .

On Sept. 9 six of Der ' i 's close associates were arrested by fraud squad agents in connection with the allegations .
on sept. 9 six of der ' i 's close associates were arrested by fraud squad [people] in connection with the allegations .

On June 1 Justice Minister Aleksander Bentkowski had announced that further interviews would be held with security agents Adam Pietruszka and Grzegorz Piotrowksi convicted for the murder in 1984 of Father Jerzy Popieluszko [ see pp .
on june 1 justice minister aleksander bentkowski had announced that further interviews would be held with security [people] adam pietruszka and grzegorz piotrowksi convicted for the murder in 1984 of father jerzy popieluszko [ see pp .

However , in mid-February an Interior Ministry spokesman insisted that the idea that Markov had been assassinated by the Bulgarian security service was a fiction put about by the British press , and he accused the Sunday Times of having invented the umbrella scenario after British agents had planted the poisoned pellet on Markov 's body .
however , in mid-february an interior ministry spokesman insisted that the idea that markov had been assassinated by the bulgarian security service was a fiction put about by the british press , and he accused the sunday times of having invented the umbrella scenario after british [people] had planted the poisoned pellet on markov 's body .

The severity of the punishments , together with the recent sentencing of an artist , Hong Song Dam , to eight years for alleged contact with North Korean agents in West Germany and for sending a slide of a painting to North Korea , fuelled international concern that the Roh government 's record on human rights was deteriorating .
the severity of the punishments , together with the recent sentencing of an artist , hong song dam , to eight years for alleged contact with north korean [people] in west germany and for sending a slide of a painting to north korea , fuelled international concern that the roh government 's record on human rights was deteriorating .

Sacher stated that all StB agents and officers had been ordered to hand in all weapons and identity cards , and to remain at home on standby .
sacher stated that all stb [people] and officers had been ordered to hand in all weapons and identity cards , and to remain at home on standby .

Some writers worked as independent agents , such as the High Tory , Charles Leslie , who produced his Rehearsal at first weekly , and then bi-weekly , between 1704 and 1709 .
some writers worked as independent [people] , such as the high tory , charles leslie , who produced his rehearsal at first weekly , and then bi-weekly , between 1704 and 1709 .

However , only a few Nonjurors became active Jacobites , in the sense of being agents or conspirators .
however , only a few nonjurors became active jacobites , in the sense of being [people] or conspirators .

Despite the existence of a certain amount of disaffection towards William 's regime , the attempts by Jacobite agents to turn this into a more positive commitment to the Jacobite cause were largely unsuccessful .
despite the existence of a certain amount of disaffection towards william 's regime , the attempts by jacobite [people] to turn this into a more positive commitment to the jacobite cause were largely unsuccessful .

The GEMMs hold stocks of government securities and deal on their own account both among themselves and with final customers or their agents .
the gemms hold stocks of government securities and deal on their own account both among themselves and with final customers or their [people] .

These estates would have been run by appropriate staffs of officials , including comites of the palace , various agents , refendaries , notaries and so forth , although , once again , it is doubtful whether there was a genuinely regular pattern to the duties of this band of administrators ; much clearly depended on who was attendant on the king at any one time .
these estates would have been run by appropriate staffs of officials , including comites of the palace , various [people] , refendaries , notaries and so forth , although , once again , it is doubtful whether there was a genuinely regular pattern to the duties of this band of administrators ; much clearly depended on who was attendant on the king at any one time .

Royal business in Aquitaine was conducted largely through agents .
royal business in aquitaine was conducted largely through [people] .

Prosperous peasants , furthermore , were unable to become independent agents by paying off their debts quickly .
prosperous peasants , furthermore , were unable to become independent [people] by paying off their debts quickly .

Before 1861 the state had left most rural tasks to the gentry , but nobles who had been deprived of their serfs had no reason to think of themselves as agents of the government .
before 1861 the state had left most rural tasks to the gentry , but nobles who had been deprived of their serfs had no reason to think of themselves as [people] of the government .

Out of pocket issue fees , including legal , printing and fiscal agents ' fees , tend to be small ; in extreme cases differences in them can sway deals , but in general the yield , commission cost and cost of the swap ( if included ) remain primary factors .
out of pocket issue fees , including legal , printing and fiscal [people] ' fees , tend to be small ; in extreme cases differences in them can sway deals , but in general the yield , commission cost and cost of the swap ( if included ) remain primary factors .

We know that , in general , the literati became the bureaucratic agents of the established political order and that they always took it for granted that hierarchy is part of the natural order of things .
we know that , in general , the literati became the bureaucratic [people] of the established political order and that they always took it for granted that hierarchy is part of the natural order of things .

Whilst in most cases evident , the contract should identify those members of the client 's board , management or the client 's agents on whose instructions the firm is entitled to act .
whilst in most cases evident , the contract should identify those members of the client 's board , management or the client 's [people] on whose instructions the firm is entitled to act .

They act as agents of the company and must exercise reasonable skill and care in the performance of their duties consistent with the level of their knowledge and experience .
they act as [people] of the company and must exercise reasonable skill and care in the performance of their duties consistent with the level of their knowledge and experience .

The Information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the Company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the Information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the Information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ Representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those Representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the Information and shall agree to be bound by this Agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this Agreement ) .
the information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , [people] , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the information and shall agree to be bound by this agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this agreement ) .

It is more than an atlas : it is a superbly illustrated synopsis of the characteristics of the major tropical diseases , their infective agents , their ecology , their life cycles and their vectors … probably the best value for money for anyone interested in obtaining an illustrated guide to tropical medicine and medical parasitology . ``
it is more than an atlas : it is a superbly illustrated synopsis of the characteristics of the major tropical diseases , their infective [people] , their ecology , their life cycles and their vectors … probably the best value for money for anyone interested in obtaining an illustrated guide to tropical medicine and medical parasitology . ``

In addition the changing patterns of employment of personnel involved in this area of drug company activity will be examined and an attempt will be made to weigh the medical benefits of the availability of cocaine and its derivatives against the problems caused by abuse of these agents .
in addition the changing patterns of employment of personnel involved in this area of drug company activity will be examined and an attempt will be made to weigh the medical benefits of the availability of cocaine and its derivatives against the problems caused by abuse of these [people] .

There are possible benefits ; these include benefits to investors , financial agents and government agencies who may obtain a better idea of the performance of different companies .
there are possible benefits ; these include benefits to investors , financial [people] and government agencies who may obtain a better idea of the performance of different companies .

The estate agency sector has been one of the most dynamic industrial sectors in 1980s Britain , and there has been a large growth both in the number of firms of estate agents and in the numbers employed within these firms .
the estate agency sector has been one of the most dynamic industrial sectors in 1980s britain , and there has been a large growth both in the number of firms of estate [people] and in the numbers employed within these firms .

Estate agents succesfully rode the property boom of the mid 1980s .
estate [people] succesfully rode the property boom of the mid 1980s .

Financial institutions such as building societies , banks and insurance companies bought up estate agents to build national networks of offices in which they could sell housing-related financial services .
financial institutions such as building societies , banks and insurance companies bought up estate [people] to build national networks of offices in which they could sell housing-related financial services .

Game theory has developed this theory of rational choice a stage further by assuming that interacting agents have common knowledge of each other 's rationality .
game theory has developed this theory of rational choice a stage further by assuming that interacting [people] have common knowledge of each other 's rationality .

If the forecasts are believed , they will affect the actions of agents and so take on the role of expectations .
if the forecasts are believed , they will affect the actions of [people] and so take on the role of expectations .

The third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable Nash equilibrium for multiple agents with competing objectives .
the third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable nash equilibrium for multiple [people] with competing objectives .

agents to have more information that they can sensibly be taken to have ,
[people] to have more information that they can sensibly be taken to have ,

The basic premise of the project is that an economic variable 's seasonal pattern arises from a corresponding pattern in the behaviour of the economic agents .
the basic premise of the project is that an economic variable 's seasonal pattern arises from a corresponding pattern in the behaviour of the economic [people] .

In particular , it is recognised that agents may use some assets as a buffer-stock against unforeseen changes in net receipts .
in particular , it is recognised that [people] may use some assets as a buffer-stock against unforeseen changes in net receipts .

Considerable effort will be directed towards investigating alternative ways in which agents in financial markets form their expectations .
considerable effort will be directed towards investigating alternative ways in which [people] in financial markets form their expectations .

This programme will seek to develop a framework for economic modelling within which links between the decisions of individual agents ( firms , households , unions ) and the behaviour of the economy at an aggregate level are more clearly established than is usually the case .
this programme will seek to develop a framework for economic modelling within which links between the decisions of individual [people] ( firms , households , unions ) and the behaviour of the economy at an aggregate level are more clearly established than is usually the case .

It rejects the theoretical approach which claims University but which in fact consists of the interplay , in a closed system , of motives of atomistic , undifferentiated , instantly-adjusting ‘ agents ’ .
it rejects the theoretical approach which claims university but which in fact consists of the interplay , in a closed system , of motives of atomistic , undifferentiated , instantly-adjusting ‘ [people] ’ .

It has been recognised that agents may revise their behaviour when the nature of policy is changed .
it has been recognised that [people] may revise their behaviour when the nature of policy is changed .

The research findings endorse the view that non-family households in general and women in particular are important agents of gentrification .
the research findings endorse the view that non-family households in general and women in particular are important [people] of gentrification .

They are also talking to managers , union officials , local government officers , estate agents and similar people whose views and knowledge are relevant .
they are also talking to managers , union officials , local government officers , estate [people] and similar people whose views and knowledge are relevant .

The research will examine the ways in which Balinese society and culture are being reconstituted and tradition reworked as Balinese come increasingly to be defined by external agents as part of an ignorant Indonesian proletariat rather than as a viable and successful peasant society .
the research will examine the ways in which balinese society and culture are being reconstituted and tradition reworked as balinese come increasingly to be defined by external [people] as part of an ignorant indonesian proletariat rather than as a viable and successful peasant society .

Nor are there rigourous analyses of the impact upon urban land values of speculative land development by private agents , and the effects of contemporary public policies such as legalisation of individual plot titles ; the provision of urban services and utilities ; cadastral registration , and betterment taxation .
nor are there rigourous analyses of the impact upon urban land values of speculative land development by private [people] , and the effects of contemporary public policies such as legalisation of individual plot titles ; the provision of urban services and utilities ; cadastral registration , and betterment taxation .

The growing popularity of British purchases of French housing is clear from weekend newspaper adverts , specialist magazines and estate agents for this market and , in France , the emergence of ‘ agences immobilieres ’ to respond to this demand .
the growing popularity of british purchases of french housing is clear from weekend newspaper adverts , specialist magazines and estate [people] for this market and , in france , the emergence of ‘ agences immobilieres ’ to respond to this demand .

This project aims to investigate the operations of estate agents and purchasers , in order to examine both supply and demand aspects of house purchase .
this project aims to investigate the operations of estate [people] and purchasers , in order to examine both supply and demand aspects of house purchase .

Estate agents will be interviewed to identify how properties are identified and marketed , and a sample survey of purchasers will examine reasons for site and house choice .
estate [people] will be interviewed to identify how properties are identified and marketed , and a sample survey of purchasers will examine reasons for site and house choice .

Particular attention will be paid to forwarding agents in inland areas where route choices via seaports could be expected to be at a maximum : ie the Midlands in England , eastern France , south-western Federal Republic of Germany , and Switzerland .
particular attention will be paid to forwarding [people] in inland areas where route choices via seaports could be expected to be at a maximum : ie the midlands in england , eastern france , south-western federal republic of germany , and switzerland .

An spokesman for the Association of British Travel Agents said : ‘ Any monies paid out will be protected by us .
an spokesman for the association of british travel [people] said : ‘ any monies paid out will be protected by us .

During the day they will meet major wine suppliers and producers flying in from France , Germany , Australia , California and South Africa as well as top London-based agents for Portuguese ports and Chilean wines .
during the day they will meet major wine suppliers and producers flying in from france , germany , australia , california and south africa as well as top london-based [people] for portuguese ports and chilean wines .

And the pharmacists ' slogan , ‘ If You Want a Tan — Get a Healthy Tan ’ , is worth repeating as thoughts turn towards all those sunshine holiday bargains currently plastered over travel agents ' windows .
and the pharmacists ' slogan , ‘ if you want a tan — get a healthy tan ’ , is worth repeating as thoughts turn towards all those sunshine holiday bargains currently plastered over travel [people] ' windows .

It involves a national postal survey of the election agents of major parties in the 1992 general election and interviews with the national and regional officials of the parties who are responsible for organising on-the-ground campaigning .
it involves a national postal survey of the election [people] of major parties in the 1992 general election and interviews with the national and regional officials of the parties who are responsible for organising on-the-ground campaigning .

In this case the plaintiffs , a firm of estate agents , were employed by the defendants to find for them and to negotiate a lease of office and shop accommodation .
in this case the plaintiffs , a firm of estate [people] , were employed by the defendants to find for them and to negotiate a lease of office and shop accommodation .

The estate agents negotiated a lease at a rent of £20,000 a year .
the estate [people] negotiated a lease at a rent of £20,000 a year .

Let us not , however , stand abashed in wonderment at what the estate agents achieved .
let us not , however , stand abashed in wonderment at what the estate [people] achieved .

Counsel for the estate agents assigned to it the meaning , ‘ rent agreed between the parties ’ at the time of entering the lease .
counsel for the estate [people] assigned to it the meaning , ‘ rent agreed between the parties ’ at the time of entering the lease .

And no , his agents tell me , he is not troubled by autograph-hunters seeking the Botham signature .
and no , his [people] tell me , he is not troubled by autograph-hunters seeking the botham signature .

As of April 4 estate agents in the province will have to tell house hunters the facts about properties — or face punishments which include unlimited fines and being banned by the Director General of Fair Trading .
as of april 4 estate [people] in the province will have to tell house hunters the facts about properties — or face punishments which include unlimited fines and being banned by the director general of fair trading .

There is no doubt that Homo sapiens has been one of the most efficient agents of extinction in the history of the earth .
there is no doubt that homo sapiens has been one of the most efficient [people] of extinction in the history of the earth .

`` The Agents have some splendid tycoon smelling at it .
`` the [people] have some splendid tycoon smelling at it .

Banks play a central role as consultants , advisers and agents in acquisition situations .
banks play a central role as consultants , advisers and [people] in acquisition situations .

Both types of institution acquired other institutions such as estate agents in the late 1980s in an attempt to capture the market for home loans by offering additional services .
both types of institution acquired other institutions such as estate [people] in the late 1980s in an attempt to capture the market for home loans by offering additional services .

Finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .
finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's [people] could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .

Independence — solicitors may not be tied agents or appointed representatives of , for example , a life assurance company .
independence — solicitors may not be tied [people] or appointed representatives of , for example , a life assurance company .

The Securities and Investments Board 's Conduct of Business Rules sets a lower standard and allow agents to keep commission , though they are required to disclose the fact that it has been received .
the securities and investments board 's conduct of business rules sets a lower standard and allow [people] to keep commission , though they are required to disclose the fact that it has been received .

By three o'clock Merrill had almost exhausted her list of city estate agents .
by three o'clock merrill had almost exhausted her list of city estate [people] .

Wood Group Offshore , Great Yarmouth , has been nominated as one of the collection points in Yarmouth with two sub agents : Aberdeen Cargo Handling Services Ltd and Grampian Shipping in Peterhead .
wood group offshore , great yarmouth , has been nominated as one of the collection points in yarmouth with two sub [people] : aberdeen cargo handling services ltd and grampian shipping in peterhead .

‘ When we decided to start Headline , we felt that we had to identify a position for ourselves in the market , to persuade agents to bring their authors to us , authors to come to us , booksellers to support us .
‘ when we decided to start headline , we felt that we had to identify a position for ourselves in the market , to persuade [people] to bring their authors to us , authors to come to us , booksellers to support us .

It also holds monthly meetings , and being made up solely of people with an interest in children 's books — mainly publishers and booksellers but also authors , illustrators , agents and critics — it is a useful talking shop with no particular stance or axe to grind .
it also holds monthly meetings , and being made up solely of people with an interest in children 's books — mainly publishers and booksellers but also authors , illustrators , [people] and critics — it is a useful talking shop with no particular stance or axe to grind .

Agents with a finger on the pulse of the business
[people] with a finger on the pulse of the business

This is just fine for taking the patient 's temperature , and assessing its current condition , but for a feel for the long-term overall health of our business the opinions from author 's agents are a better guide .
this is just fine for taking the patient 's temperature , and assessing its current condition , but for a feel for the long-term overall health of our business the opinions from author 's [people] are a better guide .

The only problem with the theory , from the point of view of a journalist , is that agents — as opinionated and informed as anyone in the trade — are rightly jealous of their relationships with editors and publishers , and so they refuse to be quoted on anything critical .
the only problem with the theory , from the point of view of a journalist , is that [people] — as opinionated and informed as anyone in the trade — are rightly jealous of their relationships with editors and publishers , and so they refuse to be quoted on anything critical .

The recession has had surprisingly little effect on the number of titles agents have been able to place — especially by authors with a track record .
the recession has had surprisingly little effect on the number of titles [people] have been able to place — especially by authors with a track record .

Most children 's agents feel that they have actually had a rather good year .
most children 's [people] feel that they have actually had a rather good year .

It 's a problem that many agents talk about with furrowed brows .
it 's a problem that many [people] talk about with furrowed brows .

Travel agents could sell holidays by providing prospective customers with a full multimedia account of their travel options .
travel [people] could sell holidays by providing prospective customers with a full multimedia account of their travel options .

Estate agents could market property in a similar manner .
estate [people] could market property in a similar manner .

Moreover , the knock-out mice will allow a crucial examination of the p53 pathway in the induction of apoptosis in other tissues and in response to a wide range of different stimuli ( including agents used in cancer chemotherapy ) .
moreover , the knock-out mice will allow a crucial examination of the p53 pathway in the induction of apoptosis in other tissues and in response to a wide range of different stimuli ( including [people] used in cancer chemotherapy ) .

Such an apparently paradoxical phenomenon is seen in cells acquiring resistance to alkylating agents by virtue of defective mismatch repair .
such an apparently paradoxical phenomenon is seen in cells acquiring resistance to alkylating [people] by virtue of defective mismatch repair .

Assisting the Elderslie Export team are sales agents working in most overseas markets .
assisting the elderslie export team are sales [people] working in most overseas markets .

In addition to these agents , we have our own wholly owned subsidiary in Sweden , Stoddard Mattor , Stockholm , managed by Anders Falkman and his Sales Manager , Thomas Nilsonne — a successful company operating exclusively in the hotel and contract sector .
in addition to these [people] , we have our own wholly owned subsidiary in sweden , stoddard mattor , stockholm , managed by anders falkman and his sales manager , thomas nilsonne — a successful company operating exclusively in the hotel and contract sector .

They assembled dissecting instruments , guns , collecting boxes , preserving bottles , spirits and drying agents ; magnifying instruments , clothes and camping equipment ; writing and drawing materials ; arranged bank drafts , insurance and bills of lading ; and engaged two personal servants for the trip .
they assembled dissecting instruments , guns , collecting boxes , preserving bottles , spirits and drying [people] ; magnifying instruments , clothes and camping equipment ; writing and drawing materials ; arranged bank drafts , insurance and bills of lading ; and engaged two personal servants for the trip .

a new attack by Western imperialism in co-operation with reactionary agents … in order to support the criminal Saddam .
a new attack by western imperialism in co-operation with reactionary [people] … in order to support the criminal saddam .

They value their role not as therapists but as enablers , agents to trigger off dormant creative processes which in turn bring pleasure .
they value their role not as therapists but as enablers , [people] to trigger off dormant creative processes which in turn bring pleasure .

Expressing thanks for the gift said , ‘ Our success is due to the close co-operation between so many people — shipping agents , hauliers , the Port Authority , to name just a few , with whom we have formed great friendships and partnerships over the years .
expressing thanks for the gift said , ‘ our success is due to the close co-operation between so many people — shipping [people] , hauliers , the port authority , to name just a few , with whom we have formed great friendships and partnerships over the years .

The work was paralleled by a similar focus on private sector ‘ gatekeepers ’ : senior managers such as estate agents and landlords again being seen of critical importance in who gets what at the ‘ urban ’ level .
the work was paralleled by a similar focus on private sector ‘ gatekeepers ’ : senior managers such as estate [people] and landlords again being seen of critical importance in who gets what at the ‘ urban ’ level .

As such , they could not be considered as autonomous agents .
as such , they could not be considered as autonomous [people] .

Each stage of the operation is recorded on a tape machine and each operator reports the end of each stage to that machine and the machine will — providing all the agents on that scheme have also reported in — tell you the next stage .
each stage of the operation is recorded on a tape machine and each operator reports the end of each stage to that machine and the machine will — providing all the [people] on that scheme have also reported in — tell you the next stage .

The machine correlates the reports of all the agents and then relays the next set of instructions .
the machine correlates the reports of all the [people] and then relays the next set of instructions .

He even puts agents in to spy on his own staff .
he even puts [people] in to spy on his own staff .

( They were agents who would find their work easier if they posed as Catholics . )
( they were [people] who would find their work easier if they posed as catholics . )

Miss Tuckey said they made good agents .
miss tuckey said they made good [people] .

Pawson has shown that the Newcastle Journal in 1739 was distributed to agents as far south-west as Preston , south-east as Ripon , north as Eyemouth and west as Whitehaven.24 At the other end of the country , by the 1770s the Sherborne Mercury was read from Salisbury to Penzance .
pawson has shown that the newcastle journal in 1739 was distributed to [people] as far south-west as preston , south-east as ripon , north as eyemouth and west as whitehaven.24 at the other end of the country , by the 1770s the sherborne mercury was read from salisbury to penzance .

Purchasers or those seeking to collect interest , or their agents , had simply to attend the offices of the Bank of England , the East India Company or the South Sea houses of the Exchequer on the appropriate day .
purchasers or those seeking to collect interest , or their [people] , had simply to attend the offices of the bank of england , the east india company or the south sea houses of the exchequer on the appropriate day .

Increasingly these came to employ London banking houses as agents to honour their bills drawn on London and to cash their notes payable in the City , either investing the realised funds or remitting cash into the country .
increasingly these came to employ london banking houses as [people] to honour their bills drawn on london and to cash their notes payable in the city , either investing the realised funds or remitting cash into the country .

It 's one of the other agents .
it 's one of the other [people] .

It pays , first of all , to get hold of a plan of the place ( managing agents of blocks of flats should be able to provide one ) or draw a rough one up yourself , as described on page 17 , and see on paper where more space looks possible .
it pays , first of all , to get hold of a plan of the place ( managing [people] of blocks of flats should be able to provide one ) or draw a rough one up yourself , as described on page 17 , and see on paper where more space looks possible .

If he lingered in front of travel agents , she hurried him on .
if he lingered in front of travel [people] , she hurried him on .

He brushed with the same dead regard the face of the man his agents were still seeking in the matter of the Leicester treason , and Brother John gazed back at him earnestly and impartially , and was moved to distant pity .
he brushed with the same dead regard the face of the man his [people] were still seeking in the matter of the leicester treason , and brother john gazed back at him earnestly and impartially , and was moved to distant pity .

The processor was tried out on a set of estate agents texts that the generative grammar had difficulties in processing .
the processor was tried out on a set of estate [people] texts that the generative grammar had difficulties in processing .

Similar results to those shown in the example were achieved for the other estate agents sentences tested using this simple analyser .
similar results to those shown in the example were achieved for the other estate [people] sentences tested using this simple analyser .

For example in Estate Agents documents the phrases ‘ within easy walking distance ’ and ‘ sought after ’ are very common , and for use in such a context , these would be included in or added to the compound lexicon .
for example in estate [people] documents the phrases ‘ within easy walking distance ’ and ‘ sought after ’ are very common , and for use in such a context , these would be included in or added to the compound lexicon .

‘ Freelance double agents would be the least of your worries , ’ says Lil , ‘ if you knew what was happening Upstairs . ’
‘ freelance double [people] would be the least of your worries , ’ says lil , ‘ if you knew what was happening upstairs . ’

They are tolerated here because France tolerates English agents in Paris , but there are certain limitations on their actions — blatant assassination is one of them .
they are tolerated here because france tolerates english [people] in paris , but there are certain limitations on their actions — blatant assassination is one of them .

‘ At the chateau are a number of officials : Sir John Dacourt , our ambassador ; his chief clerk , Walter Peckle ; Doctor Thomas Throgmorton , physician ; Michael Millet , personal assistant and clerk to Sir John Dacourt ; and the man responsible for our agents … or rather , who was , Giles Falconer .
‘ at the chateau are a number of officials : sir john dacourt , our ambassador ; his chief clerk , walter peckle ; doctor thomas throgmorton , physician ; michael millet , personal assistant and clerk to sir john dacourt ; and the man responsible for our [people] … or rather , who was , giles falconer .

‘ One of Falconer 's agents was discovered in the Rue des Billets .
‘ one of falconer 's [people] was discovered in the rue des billets .

We are both agents of our royal masters .
we are both [people] of our royal masters .

Joy had bribed the security agents at the customs and immigration line .
joy had bribed the security [people] at the customs and immigration line .

Although 34 medicinal soaps and creams which contain bleaching agents such as mercury compounds have been banned , they are still popular .
although 34 medicinal soaps and creams which contain bleaching [people] such as mercury compounds have been banned , they are still popular .

Agents of Repression by Ward Churchill and Jim Vander Wall ( South End )
[people] of repression by ward churchill and jim vander wall ( south end )

We have the personal testimony of the South African Oxfam partner detained and tortured by security forces before being forced into exile ; the telex messages from Oxfam 's Mozambique office saying that South African-backed rebels have just burst into a hospital full of women and children and massacred over 400 ; and the telex that tells the dreary tale of Oxfam emergency relief trucks blown up by the agents of apartheid .
we have the personal testimony of the south african oxfam partner detained and tortured by security forces before being forced into exile ; the telex messages from oxfam 's mozambique office saying that south african-backed rebels have just burst into a hospital full of women and children and massacred over 400 ; and the telex that tells the dreary tale of oxfam emergency relief trucks blown up by the [people] of apartheid .

Agents of Repression by Ward Churchill and Jim Vander Wall ( South End )
[people] of repression by ward churchill and jim vander wall ( south end )

They may be convinced of something for which there is no obvious justification — perhaps that they are being pursued by secret agents ( delusions ) .
they may be convinced of something for which there is no obvious justification — perhaps that they are being pursued by secret [people] ( delusions ) .

In Bombay alone , it is estimated that up to $ 10 million a year may change hands as agents like Selvam match up impoverished donors , willing to exchange a kidney for cash , with wealthy patients who can not obtain one by any other means .
in bombay alone , it is estimated that up to $ 10 million a year may change hands as [people] like selvam match up impoverished donors , willing to exchange a kidney for cash , with wealthy patients who can not obtain one by any other means .

The result is a big demand for donated kidneys — which agents have been quick to turn into lucrative trade .
the result is a big demand for donated kidneys — which [people] have been quick to turn into lucrative trade .

Agents charge up to $ 7,000 per kidney , depending on the wealth of the patient and how badly the organ is needed .
[people] charge up to $ 7,000 per kidney , depending on the wealth of the patient and how badly the organ is needed .

Secretaries and Research Assistants ; notes that the Register includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including Research and Information Services , Westminster Ltd. , Chelgate Public Relations Ltd. , Taylor Steingberg Associates , Westminster Communications , Decision Makers Ltd. , Charles Barker Public Affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a Lloyds underwriter and the Managing Director of Charles Barker Watney and Powell ; and urges the Leader of the House to place a Motion on the Order Paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]
secretaries and research assistants ; notes that the register includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including research and information services , westminster ltd. , chelgate public relations ltd. , taylor steingberg associates , westminster communications , decision makers ltd. , charles barker public affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary [people] , a lloyds underwriter and the managing director of charles barker watney and powell ; and urges the leader of the house to place a motion on the order paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]

The Funding Council shall not — ( a ) be regarded as the servants or agents of the Crown ; ( b ) have any status , immunity or privilege of the Crown , and their property shall not be regarded as property of , or held on behalf of , the Crown .
the funding council shall not — ( a ) be regarded as the servants or [people] of the crown ; ( b ) have any status , immunity or privilege of the crown , and their property shall not be regarded as property of , or held on behalf of , the crown .

Parliamentary Agents :
parliamentary [people] :

Parliamentary Agents :
parliamentary [people] :

Does the Minister agree that in any society , the public interest requires a system of law enforcement and justice that all can support and in which all can have confidence ? Does he believe that that is possible in Northern Ireland , when some sections of the security services are colluding with terrorists , when they are using terrorists as agents while they are involved in terrorist activity and when some members of the security services are handing out confidential security documents as though they were pen-pal photographs ? What changes will he and the Secretary of State demand so that the integrity of the law can be protected from some of those who are charged with enforcing it ?
does the minister agree that in any society , the public interest requires a system of law enforcement and justice that all can support and in which all can have confidence ? does he believe that that is possible in northern ireland , when some sections of the security services are colluding with terrorists , when they are using terrorists as [people] while they are involved in terrorist activity and when some members of the security services are handing out confidential security documents as though they were pen-pal photographs ? what changes will he and the secretary of state demand so that the integrity of the law can be protected from some of those who are charged with enforcing it ?

It is important that food should be not only dispatched but distributed to those who need it . That is why my right hon. Friend the Minister for Overseas Development has ensured that the Crown Agents , for example , are working with the authorities in St.
it is important that food should be not only dispatched but distributed to those who need it . that is why my right hon. friend the minister for overseas development has ensured that the crown [people] , for example , are working with the authorities in st.

The problems of valuation and banding will also be compounded by the Government 's proposed method of valuation , which is to give the job to people such as estate agents who have a vested interest in ensuring that the valuations are as high as possible .
the problems of valuation and banding will also be compounded by the government 's proposed method of valuation , which is to give the job to people such as estate [people] who have a vested interest in ensuring that the valuations are as high as possible .

The Inland Revenue will merely oversee the process under which thousands of properties will be given over to estate agents to lump into the banding system .
the inland revenue will merely oversee the process under which thousands of properties will be given over to estate [people] to lump into the banding system .

Many estate agents have no expertise in property surveying and many can not even sell houses , yet they will carry out the banding which will place properties into distinct bands .
many estate [people] have no expertise in property surveying and many can not even sell houses , yet they will carry out the banding which will place properties into distinct bands .

It needs an increase in the money supply and high house prices to fuel conveyancers , estate agents , building societies and lending institutions .
it needs an increase in the money supply and high house prices to fuel conveyancers , estate [people] , building societies and lending institutions .

Paragraph 7 of the draft immigration rules relates to untruths by agents .
paragraph 7 of the draft immigration rules relates to untruths by [people] .

b ) any Petition which has been presented by being deposited in the Private Bill Office and in which the Petitioners complain of any amendment as proposed in the filled-up Bill or of any matter which has arisen during the progress of the Bill before the Select Committee , being a Petition in which the Petitioners pray to be heard by themselves , their Counsel or Agents .
b ) any petition which has been presented by being deposited in the private bill office and in which the petitioners complain of any amendment as proposed in the filled-up bill or of any matter which has arisen during the progress of the bill before the select committee , being a petition in which the petitioners pray to be heard by themselves , their counsel or [people] .

That any Petitioner whose Petition stands referred to the Select Committee shall , subject to the Rules and Orders of the House and to the Prayer of his Petition , be entitled to be heard by himself , his Counsel or Agents upon his Petition provided that it is prepared and signed in conformity with the Rules and Orders of the House , and the Member in charge of the Bill shall be entitled to be heard by his Counsel or Agents in favour of the Bill against that Petition .
that any petitioner whose petition stands referred to the select committee shall , subject to the rules and orders of the house and to the prayer of his petition , be entitled to be heard by himself , his counsel or [people] upon his petition provided that it is prepared and signed in conformity with the rules and orders of the house , and the member in charge of the bill shall be entitled to be heard by his counsel or [people] in favour of the bill against that petition .

That there shall be deposited with the Bill a declaration signed by the Agents for the Bill , stating that the Bill is the same , in every respect , as the Bill at the last stage of its proceedings in this House in the last Session ;
that there shall be deposited with the bill a declaration signed by the [people] for the bill , stating that the bill is the same , in every respect , as the bill at the last stage of its proceedings in this house in the last session ;

Parliamentary Agents :
parliamentary [people] :

The Renaissance inherited the symbolic moral dramas of the Middle ages and , while Renaissance drama devoted an increased importance to the complexities of the agents who enact the drama , it does not automatically follow that the plays ' central preoccupations are with character .
the renaissance inherited the symbolic moral dramas of the middle ages and , while renaissance drama devoted an increased importance to the complexities of the [people] who enact the drama , it does not automatically follow that the plays ' central preoccupations are with character .

Parliamentary Agents :
parliamentary [people] :

Mercantile agents
mercantile [people]

They are agents pure and simple and not factors .
they are [people] pure and simple and not factors .

It is sufficient that he was acting within the ordinary course of business of mercantile agents generally .
it is sufficient that he was acting within the ordinary course of business of mercantile [people] generally .

‘ there may be particular agents , such for instance as auctioneers , by whom a pledge would be such a departure from the ordinary course of their business as to put the pledgee upon notice . ’
‘ there may be particular [people] , such for instance as auctioneers , by whom a pledge would be such a departure from the ordinary course of their business as to put the pledgee upon notice . ’

It is true that in the law relating to misrepresentation , the seller can not be liable for failing to disclose defects in the goods but only for any actual statements made by him or his agents .
it is true that in the law relating to misrepresentation , the seller can not be liable for failing to disclose defects in the goods but only for any actual statements made by him or his [people] .

Markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents determine allocation and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .
markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic [people] determine allocation and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .

Hierarchies implement decisions that are made by those in authority ; the market gives more autonomy to individual agents .
hierarchies implement decisions that are made by those in authority ; the market gives more autonomy to individual [people] .

Theory of mind : pre-schoolers ' understanding of agents and episodes
theory of mind : pre-schoolers ' understanding of [people] and episodes

for nuns , agents , snow-on-the-boots men
for nuns , [people] , snow-on-the-boots men

Even if we disregard the sporadic use of violence against the movement , and its infiltration by spies and agents provocateurs , it is clear that it was generally considered by the controlling bodies of universities and by party politicians as an illegitimate form of political action , even though its principal aim was to extend democratic participation in one of the most important institutions ( both economically and culturally ) of modern society , and in many cases it succeeded in enlivening academic studies , as well as improving methods of teaching and assessment .
even if we disregard the sporadic use of violence against the movement , and its infiltration by spies and [people] provocateurs , it is clear that it was generally considered by the controlling bodies of universities and by party politicians as an illegitimate form of political action , even though its principal aim was to extend democratic participation in one of the most important institutions ( both economically and culturally ) of modern society , and in many cases it succeeded in enlivening academic studies , as well as improving methods of teaching and assessment .

This international context is equally important in considering , finally , who are the principal agents of political change .
this international context is equally important in considering , finally , who are the principal [people] of political change .

The ticket agents felt they were n't getting the full treatment .
the ticket [people] felt they were n't getting the full treatment .

It 's with the agents .
it 's with the [people] .

She must do it now , though she was rushing to get ready for another appointment — this time with one of the estate agents in town who had rung to tell her he had an attic to let for what sounded like a very reasonable rent .
she must do it now , though she was rushing to get ready for another appointment — this time with one of the estate [people] in town who had rung to tell her he had an attic to let for what sounded like a very reasonable rent .

She needed some more wood for her carving if she was to complete all the ‘ little comforters ’ , as she called them , during her three-week holiday away from the travel agents where she worked , small , smooth-shaped pieces of wood , lovingly carved and polished by herself to fit easily into the palm and which , much to her surprise and delight , were eagerly accepted by the large rehabilitation hospital in the next town that cared for the blind and mentally sick .
she needed some more wood for her carving if she was to complete all the ‘ little comforters ’ , as she called them , during her three-week holiday away from the travel [people] where she worked , small , smooth-shaped pieces of wood , lovingly carved and polished by herself to fit easily into the palm and which , much to her surprise and delight , were eagerly accepted by the large rehabilitation hospital in the next town that cared for the blind and mentally sick .

Yet the foreign exchange market ( like many other asset markets ) has one feature which may provide a good indicator of what agents ' expectations are .
yet the foreign exchange market ( like many other asset markets ) has one feature which may provide a good indicator of what [people] ' expectations are .

This says that agents use all the available information to forecast the future spot rate ; that is , they form rational expectations of the future exchange rate .
this says that [people] use all the available information to forecast the future spot rate ; that is , they form rational expectations of the future exchange rate .

The initial aim of this application was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .
the initial aim of this application was to show that in a model in which [people] were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .

Such an effect was hard to reconcile with classical microeconomic theory , which suggests that if agents act optimally then decisions about real variables such as output would be influenced only by other real variables , and not by nominal variables .
such an effect was hard to reconcile with classical microeconomic theory , which suggests that if [people] act optimally then decisions about real variables such as output would be influenced only by other real variables , and not by nominal variables .

His central assumption was that agents are not perfectly informed about prices in markets other than their own .
his central assumption was that [people] are not perfectly informed about prices in markets other than their own .

The result , which we obtain there , is that in general it will be rational for agents to infer from an own price higher than initially expected that there have been both positive aggregate and positive relative demand shocks .
the result , which we obtain there , is that in general it will be rational for [people] to infer from an own price higher than initially expected that there have been both positive aggregate and positive relative demand shocks .

Therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .
therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which [people] will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which [people] will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .

But , as we showed earlier , if a positive aggregate demand shock occurs , and if the unexpectedly high local price to which it leads is attributed by agents wholly to an aggregate demand shock , then that movement in aggregate demand , although it is random , will have no effect on real output ; it will merely induce a change in the expected and actual level of prices .
but , as we showed earlier , if a positive aggregate demand shock occurs , and if the unexpectedly high local price to which it leads is attributed by [people] wholly to an aggregate demand shock , then that movement in aggregate demand , although it is random , will have no effect on real output ; it will merely induce a change in the expected and actual level of prices .

On the other hand , if the same shock to aggregate demand occurs and is attributed by agents wholly to a relative demand movement , then that aggregate demand shock will have its maximum impact on real output .
on the other hand , if the same shock to aggregate demand occurs and is attributed by [people] wholly to a relative demand movement , then that aggregate demand shock will have its maximum impact on real output .

However , random aggregate demand movements can induce changes in these real variables : they do so by causing rational agents to become temporarily confused between relative and aggregate demand shocks .
however , random aggregate demand movements can induce changes in these real variables : they do so by causing rational [people] to become temporarily confused between relative and aggregate demand shocks .

This is the best equation one could use to forecast the current value of that is given knowledge of the current composite disturbance , and is therefore the one which rational agents will use to forecast given their information .
this is the best equation one could use to forecast the current value of that is given knowledge of the current composite disturbance , and is therefore the one which rational [people] will use to forecast given their information .

For that analysis suggests that if aggregate demand shocks are kept to a minimum , ideally at zero , economic agents will be best able to recognize and respond to relative demand shocks even though they do not observe any other current prices than their own .
for that analysis suggests that if aggregate demand shocks are kept to a minimum , ideally at zero , economic [people] will be best able to recognize and respond to relative demand shocks even though they do not observe any other current prices than their own .

The more predictable aggregate demand is , the less will rational agents be fooled into supplying quantities of output that they would not have supplied had they had perfect information .
the more predictable aggregate demand is , the less will rational [people] be fooled into supplying quantities of output that they would not have supplied had they had perfect information .

The fact that governments could cheat like this will clearly be known to rational agents and might introduce some uncertainty about government policy .
the fact that governments could cheat like this will clearly be known to rational [people] and might introduce some uncertainty about government policy .

This second modification makes the model more in line with that developed by Barro ( 1976 ) , and is justified on the grounds that what motivates agents ' spending this period is their desire to have a sum of real money available next period .
this second modification makes the model more in line with that developed by barro ( 1976 ) , and is justified on the grounds that what motivates [people] ' spending this period is their desire to have a sum of real money available next period .

In such circumstances agents do not have to concern themselves with whether an unexpectedly high price in period t is due to a relative or aggregate demand shock .
in such circumstances [people] do not have to concern themselves with whether an unexpectedly high price in period t is due to a relative or aggregate demand shock .

So by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .
so by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for [people] a situation similar to one of full current information .

The same point can be made by considering models which assume that different agents in the economy have access to a different quality of information .
the same point can be made by considering models which assume that different [people] in the economy have access to a different quality of information .

So far we have considered models in which all agents face the same information problem , although obviously agents in the island model have different information depending upon which island they are located on .
so far we have considered models in which all [people] face the same information problem , although obviously [people] in the island model have different information depending upon which island they are located on .

In this section we consider two situations in which different agents have access to different types of information .
in this section we consider two situations in which different [people] have access to different types of information .

This illustrates one particular case in which differences in information amongst economic agents allows policy to be effective even within a full price flexible rational expectations model .
this illustrates one particular case in which differences in information amongst economic [people] allows policy to be effective even within a full price flexible rational expectations model .

In a contrasting approach , a number of writers have introduced the possibility that private agents , such as firms or workers , may bind themselves to fixed prices over periods long enough to permit within-period reaction by policy-makers .
in a contrasting approach , a number of writers have introduced the possibility that private [people] , such as firms or workers , may bind themselves to fixed prices over periods long enough to permit within-period reaction by policy-makers .

In these models much attention has been focused on the interaction between markets which fail to clear , and the mechanisms by which agents ' actions are coordinated when prices are sticky .
in these models much attention has been focused on the interaction between markets which fail to clear , and the mechanisms by which [people] ' actions are coordinated when prices are sticky .

Since the constrained demand for goods ( by households rationed in the labour market ) will exacerbate the ration of firms in the goods market , and since the constrained demand for labour will further ration the household in the labour market , it is natural to ask whether the behaviour of both sets of agents can be mutually consistent .
since the constrained demand for goods ( by households rationed in the labour market ) will exacerbate the ration of firms in the goods market , and since the constrained demand for labour will further ration the household in the labour market , it is natural to ask whether the behaviour of both sets of [people] can be mutually consistent .

Henry 's agents saw to that .
henry 's [people] saw to that .

‘ The murdered agents ? ’
‘ the murdered [people] ? ’

Fourthly , two of Mandeville 's agents who had been placed in the Buckingham household and first alerted their masters to Buckingham 's so-called treason , were murdered with a garrotte string as was Hopkins 's sister but we have no clue as to who the murderer was .
fourthly , two of mandeville 's [people] who had been placed in the buckingham household and first alerted their masters to buckingham 's so-called treason , were murdered with a garrotte string as was hopkins 's sister but we have no clue as to who the murderer was .

The good Duke was foolish enough to make enquiries about certain precious relics and the King 's agents closed in .
the good duke was foolish enough to make enquiries about certain precious relics and the king 's [people] closed in .

And why were those agents murdered ?
and why were those [people] murdered ?

Your two agents , Calcraft and Warnham , may have been followed to London and killed by one of the Duke 's retainers or by these secret Templars .
your two [people] , calcraft and warnham , may have been followed to london and killed by one of the duke 's retainers or by these secret templars .

Or perhaps he knew that Warnham and Calcraft in Buckingham 's retinue were really the King 's agents .
or perhaps he knew that warnham and calcraft in buckingham 's retinue were really the king 's [people] .

‘ For a short time one of my agents took his place .
‘ for a short time one of my [people] took his place .

‘ Look , ’ Benjamin continued , ‘ why are the King and his agents so interested in this secret society ? ’
‘ look , ’ benjamin continued , ‘ why are the king and his [people] so interested in this secret society ? ’

After all , it was Lady Beatrice who urged Santerre to confess everything about Buckingham to my two agents .
after all , it was lady beatrice who urged santerre to confess everything about buckingham to my two [people] .

He sat on the edge of the bed and began to recite all he knew as if memorising some poem : ‘ Buckingham dies , the agents die , garrotted to death .
he sat on the edge of the bed and began to recite all he knew as if memorising some poem : ‘ buckingham dies , the [people] die , garrotted to death .

Not like Walsingham and the next generation of spies and ‘ agents provocateurs ’ .
not like walsingham and the next generation of spies and ‘ [people] provocateurs ’ .

He knew where those agents were in London and about Mistress Hopkins .
he knew where those [people] were in london and about mistress hopkins .

Oh , he had told lies and they had trapped him by asking for the names of other English agents in Paris .
oh , he had told lies and they had trapped him by asking for the names of other english [people] in paris .

What had Corbett told him about her ? they asked . Had she been married to the Prince ? Were any of the nuns royal agents ? Did the name de Courcy mean anything to them ?
what had corbett told him about her ? they asked . had she been married to the prince ? were any of the nuns royal [people] ? did the name de courcy mean anything to them ?

The condition required for the Fudenberg and Levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .
the condition required for the fudenberg and levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term [people] , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .

In particular it has been noted that agents have incentives to take actions which reveal their type early on in the play ; to self-screen .
in particular it has been noted that [people] have incentives to take actions which reveal their type early on in the play ; to self-screen .

This incentive to screen will not operate effectively if the strategy sets of agents are very limited ; different types will select the same actions if constrained in their choice .
this incentive to screen will not operate effectively if the strategy sets of [people] are very limited ; different types will select the same actions if constrained in their choice .

One could view the introduction of noise into strategies as forcing agents to play a particular form of mixed strategy or of imposing a particular sort of tremble , which is , of course , undesirable .
one could view the introduction of noise into strategies as forcing [people] to play a particular form of mixed strategy or of imposing a particular sort of tremble , which is , of course , undesirable .

So it is possible that the short-run agents in the model over estimate the long term agent 's type after a particular sequence of shocks and subsequently revise this estimate downwards .
so it is possible that the short-run [people] in the model over estimate the long term agent 's type after a particular sequence of shocks and subsequently revise this estimate downwards .

Economics and economists typically tend to ignore the issue of complexity ; theory normally assumes that all economic agents can solve all decision problems easily and correctly .
economics and economists typically tend to ignore the issue of complexity ; theory normally assumes that all economic [people] can solve all decision problems easily and correctly .

The hypothesis that we begin to explore in this paper is the hypothesis that one of the reasons for non-convergence of real-life markets to the competitive equilibrium is that the agents in those markets are unable to solve the complex decision-problem facing them perfectly ; their sub-optimal behaviour leads to sub-optimal outcomes .
the hypothesis that we begin to explore in this paper is the hypothesis that one of the reasons for non-convergence of real-life markets to the competitive equilibrium is that the [people] in those markets are unable to solve the complex decision-problem facing them perfectly ; their sub-optimal behaviour leads to sub-optimal outcomes .

Here , we concentrate on a partial equilibrium story and explore how economic agents tackle a rather difficult dynamic decision problem ; in later work we shall embed this story in a market context , but this first step will enable us to isolate certain elements in the market story .
here , we concentrate on a partial equilibrium story and explore how economic [people] tackle a rather difficult dynamic decision problem ; in later work we shall embed this story in a market context , but this first step will enable us to isolate certain elements in the market story .

One can certainly envisage situations in which the sub-optimal response of agents to the dynamics of a particular dynamic market game might lead to a market equilibrium away from that which would be reached under optimal behaviour .
one can certainly envisage situations in which the sub-optimal response of [people] to the dynamics of a particular dynamic market game might lead to a market equilibrium away from that which would be reached under optimal behaviour .

Such possibilities could be explored either through market experiments in which the problem of this paper is embedded , or through simulations in which agents follow strategies similar to those observed in these experiments .
such possibilities could be explored either through market experiments in which the problem of this paper is embedded , or through simulations in which [people] follow strategies similar to those observed in these experiments .

It should be noted that the profits of the blenders have been excluded from the welfare function since the policies were aimed exclusively at protecting the dominant firms and also the blenders are being treated as import agents .
it should be noted that the profits of the blenders have been excluded from the welfare function since the policies were aimed exclusively at protecting the dominant firms and also the blenders are being treated as import [people] .

Among other activities , building societies are now permitted to make and receive payments as agents , to advise on and arrange insurance , to administer pension schemes , supply estate agency services and to undertake conveyancing ( though not for persons to whom they are also offering a loan ) .
among other activities , building societies are now permitted to make and receive payments as [people] , to advise on and arrange insurance , to administer pension schemes , supply estate agency services and to undertake conveyancing ( though not for persons to whom they are also offering a loan ) .

He was probably thinking that in these times it was not worth taking the risk of offending anyone , just in case they were agents of Horemheb and you ended up in an emerald mine on the Eastern Coast .
he was probably thinking that in these times it was not worth taking the risk of offending anyone , just in case they were [people] of horemheb and you ended up in an emerald mine on the eastern coast .

Paternalist assumptions were an aspect of the deeply entrenched feeling , which time and education were only slowly eroding , that legitimate rulers were in some sense the agents of God .
paternalist assumptions were an aspect of the deeply entrenched feeling , which time and education were only slowly eroding , that legitimate rulers were in some sense the [people] of god .

On the insistence of Khalil Ullah Khan , one of Aurangzeb 's agents in the Imperial army , Dara made a decision to leave his strong defensive position and open the attack .
on the insistence of khalil ullah khan , one of aurangzeb 's [people] in the imperial army , dara made a decision to leave his strong defensive position and open the attack .

His agents within the Imperial army managed to assassinate three of Dara 's generals as they sat exposed on their elephants .
his [people] within the imperial army managed to assassinate three of dara 's generals as they sat exposed on their elephants .

Nowadays , the administration of the landscape is increasingly carried out more centrally from office blocks in cities , controlling the extensive lands of pension fund and other estates , and locally from estate offices by agents .
nowadays , the administration of the landscape is increasingly carried out more centrally from office blocks in cities , controlling the extensive lands of pension fund and other estates , and locally from estate offices by [people] .

‘ With hindsight , we now see that our soldier friend was in fact leading our agents into his own sort of country .
‘ with hindsight , we now see that our soldier friend was in fact leading our [people] into his own sort of country .

In this latter area Johnson Matthey has developed a number of technetium-labelled agents for medical imaging .
in this latter area johnson matthey has developed a number of technetium-labelled [people] for medical imaging .

One of these diagnostic agents is now in clinical trials .
one of these diagnostic [people] is now in clinical trials .

Royal agents were equipped with letters of credit to enable them to use these services .
royal [people] were equipped with letters of credit to enable them to use these services .

The Edict of Pîtres in 864 strongly suggests the combination of political and fiscal reasons behind Charles 's determination to keep control of markets : others , presumably local magnates , had been setting them up on their own initiative , but the king now decreed that such markets were to be banned unless they secured royal authorisation , and royal agents were told to keep lists of those so authorised .
the edict of pîtres in 864 strongly suggests the combination of political and fiscal reasons behind charles 's determination to keep control of markets : others , presumably local magnates , had been setting them up on their own initiative , but the king now decreed that such markets were to be banned unless they secured royal authorisation , and royal [people] were told to keep lists of those so authorised .

Others have cast the Vikings as archetypical `` market-men `` ( perhaps the literal meaning of the word Viking : wic-ing ) , releasers of hoarded wealth , stimulators of social movement and peasant production : in short , as agents and prime movers of the economic growth which was to characterise western Europe in the High Middle Ages .
others have cast the vikings as archetypical `` market-men `` ( perhaps the literal meaning of the word viking : wic-ing ) , releasers of hoarded wealth , stimulators of social movement and peasant production : in short , as [people] and prime movers of the economic growth which was to characterise western europe in the high middle ages .

The crucial point on which all three writers converge is the role of the aristocracy as the collaborators and agents of the king .
the crucial point on which all three writers converge is the role of the aristocracy as the collaborators and [people] of the king .

Charles the Bald 's capitularies presuppose the effectiveness of these local `` agents of the state `` in requiring decisions to be transmitted to lower-level `` assemblies in dioceses or counties `` and then carried out .
charles the bald 's capitularies presuppose the effectiveness of these local `` [people] of the state `` in requiring decisions to be transmitted to lower-level `` assemblies in dioceses or counties `` and then carried out .

At the end of the day , the efficacy of Charles 's control over his local agents must be gauged from the political action with which the rest of this book is mainly concerned .
at the end of the day , the efficacy of charles 's control over his local [people] must be gauged from the political action with which the rest of this book is mainly concerned .

The prime agents of royal control were the men bound by oath to a particular king : the bishops , abbots , counts and vassi dominici .
the prime [people] of royal control were the men bound by oath to a particular king : the bishops , abbots , counts and vassi dominici .

In contrast , Jones ( 1989 ) argued that `` only the most myopic enthusiasts for parent power can believe that this constituency [ the total number of 100,000 parent-governors ] will , by being placed in a quasi-market situation , automatically start operating as agents of that system `` .
in contrast , jones ( 1989 ) argued that `` only the most myopic enthusiasts for parent power can believe that this constituency [ the total number of 100,000 parent-governors ] will , by being placed in a quasi-market situation , automatically start operating as [people] of that system `` .

The aim should be to recognize that parents are consumers as well as clients and their schools and local authorities are the agents for implementing a closely knit policy of collaboration .
the aim should be to recognize that parents are consumers as well as clients and their schools and local authorities are the [people] for implementing a closely knit policy of collaboration .

She therefore acts as a link person between head office Marketing and Sales division feeding vital local market information from the agents back to head office , and vice versa .
she therefore acts as a link person between head office marketing and sales division feeding vital local market information from the [people] back to head office , and vice versa .

This was the first opportunity we had to try out the new personalisation facility with the agents ’ mailing .
this was the first opportunity we had to try out the new personalisation facility with the [people] ’ mailing .

The big day arrives , the sun shines , the interest of the agents in our new protection contracts is enough to ensure a full house — or is it the choice of our unusual venue ?
the big day arrives , the sun shines , the interest of the [people] in our new protection contracts is enough to ensure a full house — or is it the choice of our unusual venue ?

Those who had been in the Republican Armed Forces during the war were automatically placed under arrest at the time of the Republican surrender in April 1936 , while police , Civil Guards and Falangist agents hounded those they suspected of pro-Republican sympathies .
those who had been in the republican armed forces during the war were automatically placed under arrest at the time of the republican surrender in april 1936 , while police , civil guards and falangist [people] hounded those they suspected of pro-republican sympathies .

Indeed , successive British ambassadors Sir Maurice Peterson and Sir Samuel Hoare were convinced that German agents in Madrid virtually wrote the Spanish newspapers directly .
indeed , successive british ambassadors sir maurice peterson and sir samuel hoare were convinced that german [people] in madrid virtually wrote the spanish newspapers directly .

2 . Travel Agents
2 . travel [people]

We have noticed over the last few months at Cadogan Travel seem to be noticeably more expensive than the other travel agents used by Christian Aid .
we have noticed over the last few months at cadogan travel seem to be noticeably more expensive than the other travel [people] used by christian aid .

users of the modules including employers , managing agents , and admissions officers to tertiary education .
users of the modules including employers , managing [people] , and admissions officers to tertiary education .

This Duma was also dismissed after agents who had spied on the organisation reported back to the Tsar .
this duma was also dismissed after [people] who had spied on the organisation reported back to the tsar .

Churchill called for a return of all party agents who were in the armed forces , and found that they were overwhelmingly Conservative .
churchill called for a return of all party [people] who were in the armed forces , and found that they were overwhelmingly conservative .

It was certainly true that there were very few Labour Party full-time agents in the armed forces , but one major reason for this was that there were so few of them even in peacetime , and , of those who existed , many were above the age of military service .
it was certainly true that there were very few labour party full-time [people] in the armed forces , but one major reason for this was that there were so few of them even in peacetime , and , of those who existed , many were above the age of military service .

In general , political propaganda was already difficult in this ‘ phoney ’ war period , and a number of full-time agents found their appointments terminated , though some special ‘ war grants ’ were paid by the central party organisation .
in general , political propaganda was already difficult in this ‘ phoney ’ war period , and a number of full-time [people] found their appointments terminated , though some special ‘ war grants ’ were paid by the central party organisation .

8 Number of constituency and borough party agents ceasing agency work and taking wartime employment .
8 number of constituency and borough party [people] ceasing agency work and taking wartime employment .

On 1 February 1993 , at the offices of agents Hayashi & co Ltd , the award was accepted on Johnson Matthey 's behalf and subsequently sent to Maastricht .
on 1 february 1993 , at the offices of [people] hayashi & co ltd , the award was accepted on johnson matthey 's behalf and subsequently sent to maastricht .

They are resistant to acid attack and metal marking , and in combination with matting agents , will produce floor tile glazes with excellent abrasion resistance .
they are resistant to acid attack and metal marking , and in combination with matting [people] , will produce floor tile glazes with excellent abrasion resistance .

They were agents for Edinburgh Collieries Co. , Arniston Coal Co. , Hirst Coal Co. and Birkley Coal Co to name but a few .
they were [people] for edinburgh collieries co. , arniston coal co. , hirst coal co. and birkley coal co to name but a few .

The agents complained fiercely at having to stand twelve hours on Whitehall 's pavements in pouring November rain , clutching maps and papers , waiting to be called ; but there was no other way to get through the work .
the [people] complained fiercely at having to stand twelve hours on whitehall 's pavements in pouring november rain , clutching maps and papers , waiting to be called ; but there was no other way to get through the work .

They had come in support of the constabulary , who had come in support of the agents of the landlord , a certain Mrs. Pedelty .
they had come in support of the constabulary , who had come in support of the [people] of the landlord , a certain mrs. pedelty .

When the landlord 's agents and the militia arrived , the tenants offered the whole of next year 's rent in advance if only Mrs. Pedelty would leave them at peace ; it had taken half an hour to get word to her of this offer and to bring back her refusal Then they asked for compensation for the land they had cleared and she sent back to say if they persisted in the claim she would sue for dilapidation and waste .
when the landlord 's [people] and the militia arrived , the tenants offered the whole of next year 's rent in advance if only mrs. pedelty would leave them at peace ; it had taken half an hour to get word to her of this offer and to bring back her refusal then they asked for compensation for the land they had cleared and she sent back to say if they persisted in the claim she would sue for dilapidation and waste .

The implication that the constabulary were fomenting disorder angered the sergeant , but he commanded his men to assist the bailiff and agents in evicting the tenants .
the implication that the constabulary were fomenting disorder angered the sergeant , but he commanded his men to assist the bailiff and [people] in evicting the tenants .

The men and women were on their knees , begging the agents and constables not to persist with the evictions .
the men and women were on their knees , begging the [people] and constables not to persist with the evictions .

She wondered if Wolff and his brother were good bankers ; Stevenson 's had used them only as agents for buying and selling foreign exchange .
she wondered if wolff and his brother were good bankers ; stevenson 's had used them only as [people] for buying and selling foreign exchange .

The commission had been set up on June 4 to examine the implementation of the May 28 Sejm resolution on the exposure of former agents [ see p. 38972 ; the resolution had in fact originally called for exposures by June 6 , not June 20 as stated on that page ] .
the commission had been set up on june 4 to examine the implementation of the may 28 sejm resolution on the exposure of former [people] [ see p. 38972 ; the resolution had in fact originally called for exposures by june 6 , not june 20 as stated on that page ] .

Nevertheless , the discussions broke down in acrimony on May 22 after the Japanese delegation raised the issue of a Japanese woman allegedly abducted by North Korean agents 13 years earlier .
nevertheless , the discussions broke down in acrimony on may 22 after the japanese delegation raised the issue of a japanese woman allegedly abducted by north korean [people] 13 years earlier .

Gamsakhurdia for his part had denounced all of his opponents as agents of the Soviet government .
gamsakhurdia for his part had denounced all of his opponents as [people] of the soviet government .

Voting in Borno State was disrupted by violence when agents for one of the candidates openly distributed cash .
voting in borno state was disrupted by violence when [people] for one of the candidates openly distributed cash .

Two generals — Gen. Alfredo Moran Acevedo and Brig. Gen. Humberto Martínez Lopez — one colonel and three lesser-ranking officers were imprisoned by a military court in mid-January for their part in the killing of seven anti-narcotics police agents during an abortive drugs raid the previous November .
two generals — gen. alfredo moran acevedo and brig. gen. humberto martínez lopez — one colonel and three lesser-ranking officers were imprisoned by a military court in mid-january for their part in the killing of seven anti-narcotics police [people] during an abortive drugs raid the previous november .

In other business the Supreme Court upheld the convictions of eight members of the nationwide Sanctuary Movement , who claimed that their rights had been violated when agents had infiltrated church services to uncover evidence that they were harbouring illegal aliens from Central America .
in other business the supreme court upheld the convictions of eight members of the nationwide sanctuary movement , who claimed that their rights had been violated when [people] had infiltrated church services to uncover evidence that they were harbouring illegal aliens from central america .

The Sejm had passed a resolution on May 28 calling for the exposure by June 20 of former security service agents in positions of authority , but its early implementation was widely seen as an attempt by the government to retain power .
the sejm had passed a resolution on may 28 calling for the exposure by june 20 of former security service [people] in positions of authority , but its early implementation was widely seen as an attempt by the government to retain power .

On June 13 , having heard speeches from both Walesa and ex-Prime Minister Olszewski , delegates adopted a resolution `` expressing indignation at recent events in Poland and the role played by the President in them `` and calling for the exposure of secret service agents .
on june 13 , having heard speeches from both walesa and ex-prime minister olszewski , delegates adopted a resolution `` expressing indignation at recent events in poland and the role played by the president in them `` and calling for the exposure of secret service [people] .

Issues still to be resolved included the role of the planned regulatory body ( to be based in The Hague , Netherlands ) in initiating challenge inspections , and provisions on the use of chemical anti-riot agents and the peaceful use of chemicals .
issues still to be resolved included the role of the planned regulatory body ( to be based in the hague , netherlands ) in initiating challenge inspections , and provisions on the use of chemical anti-riot [people] and the peaceful use of chemicals .

On Sept. 9 the federal government agreed on the details of a bill on vetting which would ban officials , secret agents and members of the people 's militias of the previous communist regime from state office .
on sept. 9 the federal government agreed on the details of a bill on vetting which would ban officials , secret [people] and members of the people 's militias of the previous communist regime from state office .

The Chamber of the People of the Federal Assembly had on May 30 failed to endorse a resolution ( which had already been passed by the Chamber of Nations ) requesting that the names of all former StB agents be published .
the chamber of the people of the federal assembly had on may 30 failed to endorse a resolution ( which had already been passed by the chamber of nations ) requesting that the names of all former stb [people] be published .

The embassy , suspecting infiltration of agents provocateurs from the Cuban security forces , had sought to isolate the seven from the rest .
the embassy , suspecting infiltration of [people] provocateurs from the cuban security forces , had sought to isolate the seven from the rest .

On Dec. 22 , 1989 , a senior West German official announced that 28 West German secret agents and 90 political prisoners ( mostly imprisoned for trying to flee the country ) had been released from East German prisons and sent to West Germany in exchange for the release of two former senior West German government secretaries , Elke Falk [ see p. 36046 ] and Margret Hocke , who had `` spied for love `` , and two East German agents .
on dec. 22 , 1989 , a senior west german official announced that 28 west german secret [people] and 90 political prisoners ( mostly imprisoned for trying to flee the country ) had been released from east german prisons and sent to west germany in exchange for the release of two former senior west german government secretaries , elke falk [ see p. 36046 ] and margret hocke , who had `` spied for love `` , and two east german [people] .

The French government disclosed on July 5 that it had decorated Lt.-Col. Alain Mafart , one of the two French agents convicted for the bombing of the Greenpeace flagship , Rainbow Warrior , in Auckland harbour in 1985 [ see pp .
the french government disclosed on july 5 that it had decorated lt.-col. alain mafart , one of the two french [people] convicted for the bombing of the greenpeace flagship , rainbow warrior , in auckland harbour in 1985 [ see pp .

On March 19 the federal Cabinet decided not to implement a planned amnesty for former East German agents of the Ministry for State Security ( " Stasi " ) [ see p. 37828 ] .
on march 19 the federal cabinet decided not to implement a planned amnesty for former east german [people] of the ministry for state security ( " stasi " ) [ see p. 37828 ] .

He also wrote the still-secret legal opinion which authorized Federal Bureau of Investigation agents to kidnap fugitives overseas without getting permission from foreign governments .
he also wrote the still-secret legal opinion which authorized federal bureau of investigation [people] to kidnap fugitives overseas without getting permission from foreign governments .

Gen. Alfredo Morán Acevedo , a senior army commander , was suspended from his duties on Dec. 7 pending investigation into the killing of seven anti-narcotic police agents by soldiers on Nov. 7 in Tlalixcoyán , in the state of Veracruz .
gen. alfredo morán acevedo , a senior army commander , was suspended from his duties on dec. 7 pending investigation into the killing of seven anti-narcotic police [people] by soldiers on nov. 7 in tlalixcoyán , in the state of veracruz .

An official report by the National Human Rights Commission accused Morán of ignoring repeated requests from the local federal police to stop his soldiers firing at the agents who were trying to intercept an aircraft later discovered to be carrying some 360 kg of cocaine from Colombia to Mexico .
an official report by the national human rights commission accused morán of ignoring repeated requests from the local federal police to stop his soldiers firing at the [people] who were trying to intercept an aircraft later discovered to be carrying some 360 kg of cocaine from colombia to mexico .

This followed the arrest in Switzerland of Gerald Andries , one of the French agents against whom a warrant remained outstanding in connection with the bombing of the Greenpeace ship in Auckland harbour in July 1985 , which had caused the death of one of its crew [ see p. 38480 ] .
this followed the arrest in switzerland of gerald andries , one of the french [people] against whom a warrant remained outstanding in connection with the bombing of the greenpeace ship in auckland harbour in july 1985 , which had caused the death of one of its crew [ see p. 38480 ] .

However , local trade unionists believed that a `` third force `` of agents provocateurs were responsible .
however , local trade unionists believed that a `` third force `` of [people] provocateurs were responsible .

The new economic order would now be based `` on appreciation of the importance of labour , on market forces , the initiative of economic agents , on the participation of all property regimes [ including private property ] and on the action of the state to regulate and promote economic and social growth and development `` .
the new economic order would now be based `` on appreciation of the importance of labour , on market forces , the initiative of economic [people] , on the participation of all property regimes [ including private property ] and on the action of the state to regulate and promote economic and social growth and development `` .

The Democratic Party [ see p. 38707 ] claimed that agents provocateurs had been used in the area .
the democratic party [ see p. 38707 ] claimed that [people] provocateurs had been used in the area .

The Slovak parliament 's defence and security committee alleged that Meciar was registered with the security police or StB from 1985 and that he had removed incriminating evidence and promoted loyal former agents in the Slovak Interior Ministry after November 1989 .
the slovak parliament 's defence and security committee alleged that meciar was registered with the security police or stb from 1985 and that he had removed incriminating evidence and promoted loyal former [people] in the slovak interior ministry after november 1989 .

Collins , 60 , dismissed the charges as `` nothing more than a blatant attempt by a twice-convicted dope dealer , aided and abetted by government agents , to set up a black judge `` .
collins , 60 , dismissed the charges as `` nothing more than a blatant attempt by a twice-convicted dope dealer , aided and abetted by government [people] , to set up a black judge `` .

On Jan. 10 the Federal Assembly had approved opening a new inquiry into those working in parliament , government and the president 's office in order to unmask former StB agents and collaborators .
on jan. 10 the federal assembly had approved opening a new inquiry into those working in parliament , government and the president 's office in order to unmask former stb [people] and collaborators .

Other reasons revolve around the changing demands and expectations of consumers and their agents .
other reasons revolve around the changing demands and expectations of consumers and their [people] .

Whilst the sale itself can be effected only by acte notarie , it is worth remembering that many of the contracts drawn by sellers ' Agents are prepared without a sight of the title deeds .
whilst the sale itself can be effected only by acte notarie , it is worth remembering that many of the contracts drawn by sellers ' [people] are prepared without a sight of the title deeds .

The prevention of the formation of scum around baths , sinks and kitchen surfaces means that cleaning is faster , requires less cleaning agents , and is more hygienic .
the prevention of the formation of scum around baths , sinks and kitchen surfaces means that cleaning is faster , requires less cleaning [people] , and is more hygienic .

Manufacturers are aware of their responsibilities and the impportant part they and their agents can play in helping the caterer with advice on subjects such as kitchen planning and hygiene .
manufacturers are aware of their responsibilities and the impportant part they and their [people] can play in helping the caterer with advice on subjects such as kitchen planning and hygiene .

The Caribbean population has been `` ghettoised `` ( though not on the American model , since they remain a minority even in the `` ghetto `` areas ) for a variety of reasons , among them discrimination in housing by Local Authorities , estate agents and private landlords : economic factors ; and the desire to live with other black people for the sake of community , solidarity and protection against racist attacks .
the caribbean population has been `` ghettoised `` ( though not on the american model , since they remain a minority even in the `` ghetto `` areas ) for a variety of reasons , among them discrimination in housing by local authorities , estate [people] and private landlords : economic factors ; and the desire to live with other black people for the sake of community , solidarity and protection against racist attacks .

These links were made possible , in the first instance , by a few brave Gaullist agents , most notably a former prefect called Jean Moulin who returned to France in January 1942 with instructions from de Gaulle to promote the unification of resistance movements .
these links were made possible , in the first instance , by a few brave gaullist [people] , most notably a former prefect called jean moulin who returned to france in january 1942 with instructions from de gaulle to promote the unification of resistance movements .

But it would be a distortion to suggest that de Gaulle and his agents were solely responsible for the eventual unification .
but it would be a distortion to suggest that de gaulle and his [people] were solely responsible for the eventual unification .

They maintain that these factors require markets to be backed by a set of institutional and cultural frameworks to correct for the inadequacies of the market , in particular the need for non-market based contracts and arrangements between economic agents .
they maintain that these factors require markets to be backed by a set of institutional and cultural frameworks to correct for the inadequacies of the market , in particular the need for non-market based contracts and arrangements between economic [people] .

( p ) To act as agents or brokers and as trustees for any person , firm or company , and to undertake and perform sub-contracts .
( p ) to act as [people] or brokers and as trustees for any person , firm or company , and to undertake and perform sub-contracts .

( w ) To do all or any of the things aforesaid in any part of the world and either as principals , agents , contractors or otherwise , and by or through agents , brokers , sub-contractors or otherwise and either alone or in conjunction with others .
( w ) to do all or any of the things aforesaid in any part of the world and either as principals , [people] , contractors or otherwise , and by or through [people] , brokers , sub-contractors or otherwise and either alone or in conjunction with others .

( p ) To act as agents or brokers and as trustees for any person , firm or company , and to undertake and perform sub-contracts .
( p ) to act as [people] or brokers and as trustees for any person , firm or company , and to undertake and perform sub-contracts .

( w ) To do all or any of the things aforesaid in any part of the world and either as principals , agents , contractors or otherwise , and by or through agents , brokers , sub-contractors or otherwise and either alone or in conjunction with others .
( w ) to do all or any of the things aforesaid in any part of the world and either as principals , [people] , contractors or otherwise , and by or through [people] , brokers , sub-contractors or otherwise and either alone or in conjunction with others .

In years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of agents buying for London increased and as farmers displayed an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .
in years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of [people] buying for london increased and as farmers displayed an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .

We must suppose that the authorities through their agents actually created conspiratorial organisations and then instituted new capital offences ( such as that for oath-taking ) which existed only in the imagination or as a result of the provocations of their own spies .
we must suppose that the authorities through their [people] actually created conspiratorial organisations and then instituted new capital offences ( such as that for oath-taking ) which existed only in the imagination or as a result of the provocations of their own spies .

They were the most frequent of the Tyburn rioters who contested with the surgeons ' agents for the bodies of the hanged .
they were the most frequent of the tyburn rioters who contested with the surgeons ' [people] for the bodies of the hanged .

Economic agents can not be certain whether observed changes in relative prices are ephemeral or permanent .
economic [people] can not be certain whether observed changes in relative prices are ephemeral or permanent .

In an exchange rate union , the existence of national currencies necessarily implies that economic agents have to bear exchange rate related costs with respect to intra-union transactions .
in an exchange rate union , the existence of national currencies necessarily implies that economic [people] have to bear exchange rate related costs with respect to intra-union transactions .

The late Ian Fleming did not have a monopoly in tongue-in-cheek , humorous adventures about secret agents , but a novelist might commit the tort of passing-off if he changes his name to Ian Fleming or uses the name James Bond or the 007 code in his novel .
the late ian fleming did not have a monopoly in tongue-in-cheek , humorous adventures about secret [people] , but a novelist might commit the tort of passing-off if he changes his name to ian fleming or uses the name james bond or the 007 code in his novel .

Until the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , only a registered patent agent or a solicitor could act for gain as agents for persons seeking patents , but now anyone can do this as long as he does not describe himself as , or hold himself out to be , a `` patent agent `` or `` patent attorney `` .
until the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , only a registered patent agent or a solicitor could act for gain as [people] for persons seeking patents , but now anyone can do this as long as he does not describe himself as , or hold himself out to be , a `` patent agent `` or `` patent attorney `` .

additionally , she acts as the point of contact with the various agents handling the magazine , Hospitality .
additionally , she acts as the point of contact with the various [people] handling the magazine , hospitality .

Höchstetter , Daniel Ulstat , and Hans Lonner , came acting as agents for the outwardly prosperous merchant company `` David Haug , Hans Langnauer , and Mitverwandte `` who had also involved themselves in mining .
höchstetter , daniel ulstat , and hans lonner , came acting as [people] for the outwardly prosperous merchant company `` david haug , hans langnauer , and mitverwandte `` who had also involved themselves in mining .

There were expenses relating to the mixing , weighing and turning , sampling and ticketting , shown in the accounts , not to mention the dinners to celebrate the occasion , attended by mine agents , the department managers and the smelters agents .
there were expenses relating to the mixing , weighing and turning , sampling and ticketting , shown in the accounts , not to mention the dinners to celebrate the occasion , attended by mine [people] , the department managers and the smelters [people] .

for tailoring flannel and duck underground clothes for the agents , but probably supplied the material himself .
for tailoring flannel and duck underground clothes for the [people] , but probably supplied the material himself .

When he returned to his camp in the evening he found it deserted : while he had been feasting , Tafari 's agents had persuaded his troops to return home .
when he returned to his camp in the evening he found it deserted : while he had been feasting , tafari 's [people] had persuaded his troops to return home .

Apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .
apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring [people] , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .

Although these data are extremely useful , it can not assess reflux of potentially harmful materials such as bile , which has a near neutral pH , or even food with a near neutral pH that may contain other damaging agents such as pepsin .
although these data are extremely useful , it can not assess reflux of potentially harmful materials such as bile , which has a near neutral ph , or even food with a near neutral ph that may contain other damaging [people] such as pepsin .

Similar responses are seen after cytotoxic agents are used .
similar responses are seen after cytotoxic [people] are used .

Extrahepatic disorders unrelated to cirrhosis in portal hypertension occur with greater frequency in the elderly : in our experience more than 10 % of patients over the age of 65 years with variceal haemorrhage have glucose intolerance requiring treatment with either insulin or oral hypoglycaemic agents .
extrahepatic disorders unrelated to cirrhosis in portal hypertension occur with greater frequency in the elderly : in our experience more than 10 % of patients over the age of 65 years with variceal haemorrhage have glucose intolerance requiring treatment with either insulin or oral hypoglycaemic [people] .

In white blood cells , fibroblasts and in various invertebrate cells , several agents which induce cell proliferation activate Na/H exchange ; the exchanger is also spontaneously activated in some tumour cell lines .
in white blood cells , fibroblasts and in various invertebrate cells , several [people] which induce cell proliferation activate na/h exchange ; the exchanger is also spontaneously activated in some tumour cell lines .

Gastrointestinal epithelial cell proliferation is influenced by many hormonal , paracrine , and intraluminal agents .
gastrointestinal epithelial cell proliferation is influenced by many hormonal , paracrine , and intraluminal [people] .

New immunosuppressive agents have been used recently and are claimed to be beneficial in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease .
new immunosuppressive [people] have been used recently and are claimed to be beneficial in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease .

Chemotherapy was well tolerated and no cases of myelodyspastic syndromes were observed despite follow up exceeding two years in seven patients treated with alkylating agents .
chemotherapy was well tolerated and no cases of myelodyspastic syndromes were observed despite follow up exceeding two years in seven patients treated with alkylating [people] .

It can be caused by a number of agents including bacteria , drugs , and excess alcohol , but of serious concern is hepatitis caused by one of several hepatitis viruses .
it can be caused by a number of [people] including bacteria , drugs , and excess alcohol , but of serious concern is hepatitis caused by one of several hepatitis viruses .

The use of dissolution agents such as methyl- t -butylether or similar substances with or without computer controlled pumps have similar problems to those encountered in this study .
the use of dissolution [people] such as methyl- t -butylether or similar substances with or without computer controlled pumps have similar problems to those encountered in this study .

To identify which cells generate superoxide , inflamed human mucosa was tested with nitroblue tetrazolium as a probe , because it is reduced by strong reducing agents to form insoluble blue formazan , which then precipitates in tissues .
to identify which cells generate superoxide , inflamed human mucosa was tested with nitroblue tetrazolium as a probe , because it is reduced by strong reducing [people] to form insoluble blue formazan , which then precipitates in tissues .

The soluble yellow form of nitroblue tetrazolium is reduced by strong reducing agents such as superoxide to form blue formazon , which is insoluble , precipitating in tissues .
the soluble yellow form of nitroblue tetrazolium is reduced by strong reducing [people] such as superoxide to form blue formazon , which is insoluble , precipitating in tissues .

Agents that inhibit gastric acid secretion enhance the healing and this was also confirmed in our study because omeprazole at a dose that almost completely inhibited gastric acid secretion was effective in promoting ulcer healing .
[people] that inhibit gastric acid secretion enhance the healing and this was also confirmed in our study because omeprazole at a dose that almost completely inhibited gastric acid secretion was effective in promoting ulcer healing .

Antidiarrhoeal agents , broad spectrum antibiotics , cholestyramine , sulphasalazine , and oral corticosteroids have all been used but anecdotal experience suggests that satisfactory control of diarrhoea is rarely achieved .
antidiarrhoeal [people] , broad spectrum antibiotics , cholestyramine , sulphasalazine , and oral corticosteroids have all been used but anecdotal experience suggests that satisfactory control of diarrhoea is rarely achieved .

The aminosalicylates are far less specific agents , and it is not known which of their many pharmacological actions explains their therapeutic effect in inflammatory bowel disease .
the aminosalicylates are far less specific [people] , and it is not known which of their many pharmacological actions explains their therapeutic effect in inflammatory bowel disease .

In ulcerative colitis 17 % of patients continue to take antidiarrhoeal agents and some dietary restriction is reported in 25 % .
in ulcerative colitis 17 % of patients continue to take antidiarrhoeal [people] and some dietary restriction is reported in 25 % .

Despite this , constipating agents and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with increasing duration of follow up .
despite this , constipating [people] and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with increasing duration of follow up .

By contrast , some patients seem to have a frequency that is rarely less than 10 in 24 hours and need to take antidiarrhoeal agents and modify their diet .
by contrast , some patients seem to have a frequency that is rarely less than 10 in 24 hours and need to take antidiarrhoeal [people] and modify their diet .

No other concomitant infective agents have been implicated in the course of the disease to date .
no other concomitant infective [people] have been implicated in the course of the disease to date .

Controversy still exists concerning the need of sclerosing agents injection after epinephrine injection .
controversy still exists concerning the need of sclerosing [people] injection after epinephrine injection .

Some authors supported combined use of both agents with good results , while others found that a sclerosing agent does not improve haemostatic rates .
some authors supported combined use of both [people] with good results , while others found that a sclerosing agent does not improve haemostatic rates .

The combination of both agents may be superior to either one .
the combination of both [people] may be superior to either one .

Gastrin receptor blocking agents ( either antagonists or antibodies ) have been shown to bring about significant inhibition of growth in several cell lines .
gastrin receptor blocking [people] ( either antagonists or antibodies ) have been shown to bring about significant inhibition of growth in several cell lines .

Patients were excluded if they had a systemic illness requiring treatment or were currently being treated with antiulcer agents .
patients were excluded if they had a systemic illness requiring treatment or were currently being treated with antiulcer [people] .

Adsorbents as antiendotoxin agents in experimental colitis
adsorbents as antiendotoxin [people] in experimental colitis

In this study the efficacy of adsorbents as antiendotoxin agents in a hapten induced rat model of colitis is investigated .
in this study the efficacy of adsorbents as antiendotoxin [people] in a hapten induced rat model of colitis is investigated .

Gastrointestinal symptoms in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus : relevance of infective agents isolated from gastrointestinal tract
gastrointestinal symptoms in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus : relevance of infective [people] isolated from gastrointestinal tract

Thus we have shown a high frequency of gastrointestinal symptoms including diarrhoea and weight loss in non-infected patients which was not consistently increased in patients harbouring specific infective agents .
thus we have shown a high frequency of gastrointestinal symptoms including diarrhoea and weight loss in non-infected patients which was not consistently increased in patients harbouring specific infective [people] .

Extensive microbiological evaluation obviously increases the number of abnormalities detected ; however , these may or may not be of pathogenic relevance as also indicated by the persistence of symptoms after eradication of several infective agents reported by others .
extensive microbiological evaluation obviously increases the number of abnormalities detected ; however , these may or may not be of pathogenic relevance as also indicated by the persistence of symptoms after eradication of several infective [people] reported by others .

Hypoxia , as reflected by reduced arterial oxygen saturation ( SaO 2 ) , is a common occurrence during upper gastrointestinal endoscopy using benzodiazepine sedation and is exacerbated by the coadministration of narcotic agents .
hypoxia , as reflected by reduced arterial oxygen saturation ( sao 2 ) , is a common occurrence during upper gastrointestinal endoscopy using benzodiazepine sedation and is exacerbated by the coadministration of narcotic [people] .

In order to test new antisecretory agents human models for intestinal secretion need to be established .
in order to test new antisecretory [people] human models for intestinal secretion need to be established .

Caerulein induced pancreatitis represents a reproducible model suitable to study the effects of potentially ameliorating agents but the mechanism of the pancreatic damage has not been fully explained .
caerulein induced pancreatitis represents a reproducible model suitable to study the effects of potentially ameliorating [people] but the mechanism of the pancreatic damage has not been fully explained .

The hypergastrinaemia and enterochromaffin like cell hyperplasia induced by these agents were abolished by antrectomy .
the hypergastrinaemia and enterochromaffin like cell hyperplasia induced by these [people] were abolished by antrectomy .

No antifoaming agents were used in the irrigation fluid .
no antifoaming [people] were used in the irrigation fluid .

the agents of bad luck
the [people] of bad luck

Now he strode towards the hall , acknowledging the respectful salutes of Party agents .
now he strode towards the hall , acknowledging the respectful salutes of party [people] .

Those MPs who succumbed to the pressures of Party democracy brought their golf clubs with them and spent long days on the sandy links of Southport and elsewhere , returning to their hotels in the evening to take part in an entertainment such as the Agents ' dinner and dance .
those mps who succumbed to the pressures of party democracy brought their golf clubs with them and spent long days on the sandy links of southport and elsewhere , returning to their hotels in the evening to take part in an entertainment such as the [people] ' dinner and dance .

At the cry of ‘ stewards ’ , forty leathery men of uncertain age , who , as agents , had devoted their lives to the Party , frogmarched the YCs out of the hall to loud applause .
at the cry of ‘ stewards ’ , forty leathery men of uncertain age , who , as [people] , had devoted their lives to the party , frogmarched the ycs out of the hall to loud applause .

He had decided upon an announcement to the effect that the Party was to sack its advertising agents .
he had decided upon an announcement to the effect that the party was to sack its advertising [people] .

Under ‘ Thursday ’ , he read of only two engagements : his treat , that is , the lunch he was giving at English 's Oyster House at one o'clock for six of his local party , much travelled Salopians upon whose goodwill , patience and forbearance he had long relied ; and ( here his heart fell ) the National Society of Agents ' dinner at the Metropole Hotel .
under ‘ thursday ’ , he read of only two engagements : his treat , that is , the lunch he was giving at english 's oyster house at one o'clock for six of his local party , much travelled salopians upon whose goodwill , patience and forbearance he had long relied ; and ( here his heart fell ) the national society of [people] ' dinner at the metropole hotel .

Perfect capital markets in which information is costless and available to all investors , no transactions costs , all securities are infinitely divisible , and investors are rational wealth preferring economic agents .
perfect capital markets in which information is costless and available to all investors , no transactions costs , all securities are infinitely divisible , and investors are rational wealth preferring economic [people] .

Thus , the shareholders are principals and the managers are agents .
thus , the shareholders are principals and the managers are [people] .

The banks operate as principals ( operating their own accounts ) and as agents for their own customers .
the banks operate as principals ( operating their own accounts ) and as [people] for their own customers .

The local agents provide an extensive catalogue of programs available at a nominal charge .
the local [people] provide an extensive catalogue of programs available at a nominal charge .

Not surprisingly , several estate agents report difficulties at the moment in attracting enough serious bidders .
not surprisingly , several estate [people] report difficulties at the moment in attracting enough serious bidders .

‘ With an auction , you 've got to be certain that at least two buyers are there who can commit themselves , and the difficulty is that buyers who can proceed are few and far between , ’ said David Phillip , a director of Yorkshire estate agents Dacre Son and Hartley .
‘ with an auction , you 've got to be certain that at least two buyers are there who can commit themselves , and the difficulty is that buyers who can proceed are few and far between , ’ said david phillip , a director of yorkshire estate [people] dacre son and hartley .

Advertising costs and any expenses incurred in hiring premises are normally passed on by the estate agents to the vendor , whether or not the auction results in a sale .
advertising costs and any expenses incurred in hiring premises are normally passed on by the estate [people] to the vendor , whether or not the auction results in a sale .

In addition , agents may charge slightly more commission than usual for a successful sale .
in addition , [people] may charge slightly more commission than usual for a successful sale .

Normally , the reserve is set only days or hours before the auction , when the agents will already have a good indication of how much interest has been shown .
normally , the reserve is set only days or hours before the auction , when the [people] will already have a good indication of how much interest has been shown .

Agents and their clients may also have the dilemma of deciding whether to accept any offers made prior to the auction .
[people] and their clients may also have the dilemma of deciding whether to accept any offers made prior to the auction .

Mr Turner was a chartered surveyor who worked for Hamptons estate agents , but had realised that he ‘ patently was n't suited to selling houses ’ .
mr turner was a chartered surveyor who worked for hamptons estate [people] , but had realised that he ‘ patently was n't suited to selling houses ’ .

He demanded a refund from the first agents but they refused , arguing that because he had given them his credit card number he had entered into a contract .
he demanded a refund from the first [people] but they refused , arguing that because he had given them his credit card number he had entered into a contract .

Life will get even tougher for those whom everyone loves to hate — estate agents .
life will get even tougher for those whom everyone loves to hate — estate [people] .

The end of the housing boom was reflected in news of more losses and branch closures among estate agents .
the end of the housing boom was reflected in news of more losses and branch closures among estate [people] .

With their teams of lawyers , accountants and company agents , and able to transfer money at the push of a computer button , the launderers dodge through the maze of the different countries ' jurisdictions creating a trail so complex that investigators , never mind the banks , find it almost impossible to spot what is going on .
with their teams of lawyers , accountants and company [people] , and able to transfer money at the push of a computer button , the launderers dodge through the maze of the different countries ' jurisdictions creating a trail so complex that investigators , never mind the banks , find it almost impossible to spot what is going on .

At a chemical level this is untrue , because different chemical agents cause different kinds of change .
at a chemical level this is untrue , because different chemical [people] cause different kinds of change .

The inquiries of Crown agents had revealed that some of the royal forests , such as Morfe , had become valueless as hunting-grounds through long neglect .
the inquiries of crown [people] had revealed that some of the royal forests , such as morfe , had become valueless as hunting-grounds through long neglect .

From the end of the eighteenth century onward , the agents of the Crown acted upon the recommendations of the Commissioners of Inquiry , and actively promoted the disafforestment , enclosure and ‘ improvement , of the forest wastes .
from the end of the eighteenth century onward , the [people] of the crown acted upon the recommendations of the commissioners of inquiry , and actively promoted the disafforestment , enclosure and ‘ improvement , of the forest wastes .

The agents of the Crown consequently became disillusioned about the New Forest as a Crown asset : it barely escaped the fate of the other royal forests .
the [people] of the crown consequently became disillusioned about the new forest as a crown asset : it barely escaped the fate of the other royal forests .

When we were setting up Eurofest ‘ 75 — an evangelistic congress for 8,000 young people in Brussels in 1975 — a number of advertising agents came to ‘ sell ’ me on their company .
when we were setting up eurofest ‘ 75 — an evangelistic congress for 8,000 young people in brussels in 1975 — a number of advertising [people] came to ‘ sell ’ me on their company .

This has to be taken into account in assessing the significance of the recorded attitudes towards Hitler in the ‘ opinion reports ’ of the regime 's agents .
this has to be taken into account in assessing the significance of the recorded attitudes towards hitler in the ‘ opinion reports ’ of the regime 's [people] .

The official imposition of Christian orthodoxy at the end of the century reinforced the tendency to merge church and empire ; the Christian emperors became God 's agents in bringing their subjects under the yoke of Christ .
the official imposition of christian orthodoxy at the end of the century reinforced the tendency to merge church and empire ; the christian emperors became god 's [people] in bringing their subjects under the yoke of christ .

This handing over of the Conservative party , in Denis Healey 's phrase , ‘ from the estate owners to the estate agents ’ , has been a process upper class Tories have watched with distaste .
this handing over of the conservative party , in denis healey 's phrase , ‘ from the estate owners to the estate [people] ’ , has been a process upper class tories have watched with distaste .

In an age when politicians , journalists , estate agents and even advertising executives claim to be ‘ professionals ’ , it is easy to forget that the description once carried with it a certain cachet .
in an age when politicians , journalists , estate [people] and even advertising executives claim to be ‘ professionals ’ , it is easy to forget that the description once carried with it a certain cachet .

Secret Agents and Mystery Papers
secret [people] and mystery papers

Untaught , he did what he could ; and it seemed to many of his colleagues , professionals or not , that he sometimes played at it , doing the things he thought secret agents did , even when they were unnecessary .
untaught , he did what he could ; and it seemed to many of his colleagues , professionals or not , that he sometimes played at it , doing the things he thought secret [people] did , even when they were unnecessary .

He once told Earl delightedly that he had spotted Abrams at an airport but Abrams ( perceptiveness not his strong suit ) had not spotted him , and that ‘ his tradecraft of observing was better than Elliott 's ’ Secret agents carried gadgets with which they could speak to headquarters from the most unlikely places ; once , at a party , North was said to have produced a scrambler-telephone from his briefcase , together with a half-eaten sandwich , and to have gone out into the garden to dial the house .
he once told earl delightedly that he had spotted abrams at an airport but abrams ( perceptiveness not his strong suit ) had not spotted him , and that ‘ his tradecraft of observing was better than elliott 's ’ secret [people] carried gadgets with which they could speak to headquarters from the most unlikely places ; once , at a party , north was said to have produced a scrambler-telephone from his briefcase , together with a half-eaten sandwich , and to have gone out into the garden to dial the house .

Appropriately enough , in this strange world of not-so-covert agents and hackneyed dramatic devices , it was a secret document that gave the game away : a document that was never meant to be there at all .
appropriately enough , in this strange world of not-so-covert [people] and hackneyed dramatic devices , it was a secret document that gave the game away : a document that was never meant to be there at all .

Even the bureaucrats involved took to playing games and devising ruses , for all the world like secret agents themselves .
even the bureaucrats involved took to playing games and devising ruses , for all the world like secret [people] themselves .

Richardson drove to his ‘ one-room place ’ in McLean with the photocopied papers , including the rogue memorandum , locked in the boot of his car ; took them out , put them under the bed ‘ within arm 's reach ’ ( as secret agents would ) and went uneasily to sleep .
richardson drove to his ‘ one-room place ’ in mclean with the photocopied papers , including the rogue memorandum , locked in the boot of his car ; took them out , put them under the bed ‘ within arm 's reach ’ ( as secret [people] would ) and went uneasily to sleep .

This was also the reality of the covert world , fuelled by information others did not know relayed by carriers whose real identity was hidden ; a world of secret agents , mystery papers , dreadful imaginings and improbable suspicions .
this was also the reality of the covert world , fuelled by information others did not know relayed by carriers whose real identity was hidden ; a world of secret [people] , mystery papers , dreadful imaginings and improbable suspicions .

His Central American agents and contacts were patted on the back , or sent into the field , with the words ‘ Vaya con Dios ’ , ( Go with God ) ; Calero remembered that he never left him without them .
his central american [people] and contacts were patted on the back , or sent into the field , with the words ‘ vaya con dios ’ , ( go with god ) ; calero remembered that he never left him without them .

What they all have in common is a basic commitment that the vines should have been cultivated without the use of chemical fertilisers , pesticides , fungicides or herbicides ( except for a few age-old things like Bordeaux mixture ) , and the wine made without chemical additives or agents — apart from a few natural and/or traditional substances .
what they all have in common is a basic commitment that the vines should have been cultivated without the use of chemical fertilisers , pesticides , fungicides or herbicides ( except for a few age-old things like bordeaux mixture ) , and the wine made without chemical additives or [people] — apart from a few natural and/or traditional substances .

Across Europe there is a general movement away from pollutive scourers ; in Britain this year , for example , 30 per cent of textile and clothing manufacturers will be using biodegradable agents and , by next year , estimate Friends of the Earth , this will rise to 80 per cent .
across europe there is a general movement away from pollutive scourers ; in britain this year , for example , 30 per cent of textile and clothing manufacturers will be using biodegradable [people] and , by next year , estimate friends of the earth , this will rise to 80 per cent .

British Telecom has been installing extra lines ‘ in terraced houses all over the capital ’ so that some stockbrokers , bankers and insurance agents can work from home .
british telecom has been installing extra lines ‘ in terraced houses all over the capital ’ so that some stockbrokers , bankers and insurance [people] can work from home .

Gary Herman of the Muswell estate agents Tatlers is the man charged with the delicate task of selling the top flat at 23 Cranley Gardens — a cosy , one-bedroomed apartment with sloping ceilings and magnolia-painted plaster .
gary herman of the muswell estate [people] tatlers is the man charged with the delicate task of selling the top flat at 23 cranley gardens — a cosy , one-bedroomed apartment with sloping ceilings and magnolia-painted plaster .

But neither he nor his advisers were entirely free agents : events forced the nuclear band of the spectrum to his attention first .
but neither he nor his advisers were entirely free [people] : events forced the nuclear band of the spectrum to his attention first .

It 's still not widely appreciated that men can want to be objects , as much as agents , of desire .
it 's still not widely appreciated that men can want to be objects , as much as [people] , of desire .

Hugh Dunsmore-Hardy , the president of the National Association of Estate Agents , reckons quick sales by the societies have definitely pulled down prices .
hugh dunsmore-hardy , the president of the national association of estate [people] , reckons quick sales by the societies have definitely pulled down prices .

They have also caught the eye of estate agents .
they have also caught the eye of estate [people] .

The agents insist , naturally , that they are out to get a good price .
the [people] insist , naturally , that they are out to get a good price .

Norman Mazure , a London estate agent , set up a special unit two years ago with Stickley and Kent , a large London chain of agents , to deal mostly with repossessed homes .
norman mazure , a london estate agent , set up a special unit two years ago with stickley and kent , a large london chain of [people] , to deal mostly with repossessed homes .

These charges were collected at the ports by agents for the lighthouses .
these charges were collected at the ports by [people] for the lighthouses .

Products labelled ‘ table ’ or ‘ cooking ’ salt usually contain chemicals and anti-caking agents to ensure free-flow from the drum in which they are packed , giving rise to famous advertising slogans such as ‘ Everyone knows Saxa flows ’ and ‘ When it rains , it pours ’ .
products labelled ‘ table ’ or ‘ cooking ’ salt usually contain chemicals and anti-caking [people] to ensure free-flow from the drum in which they are packed , giving rise to famous advertising slogans such as ‘ everyone knows saxa flows ’ and ‘ when it rains , it pours ’ .

In a famous sentence he says that ‘ Person … is a forensic term appropriating actions and their merit ; and so belongs only to intelligent agents capable of a law , and happiness and misery .
in a famous sentence he says that ‘ person … is a forensic term appropriating actions and their merit ; and so belongs only to intelligent [people] capable of a law , and happiness and misery .

Though there are some things which ‘ human agents are concerned in producing ’ , it is plain that ‘ the works of Nature , that is , the far greater parts of the ideas or sensations produced in us , are not produced by , or dependent on , the wills of men ’ .
though there are some things which ‘ human [people] are concerned in producing ’ , it is plain that ‘ the works of nature , that is , the far greater parts of the ideas or sensations produced in us , are not produced by , or dependent on , the wills of men ’ .

’ When Mr Engelberger appeared on television in 1967 with one of his earliest robots , the only calls he got from Americans were from showbiz agents trying to book his ‘ act ’ .
’ when mr engelberger appeared on television in 1967 with one of his earliest robots , the only calls he got from americans were from showbiz [people] trying to book his ‘ act ’ .

Those names in the worst-hit syndicates — and the members ' agents who are meant to represent them — are squealing .
those names in the worst-hit syndicates — and the members ' [people] who are meant to represent them — are squealing .

Many members ' agents , and many syndicates that rely on those agents for business , would perish .
many members ' [people] , and many syndicates that rely on those [people] for business , would perish .

Poor buyers need to be coaxed and coddled , they say , and they are not in the habit of visiting estate agents .
poor buyers need to be coaxed and coddled , they say , and they are not in the habit of visiting estate [people] .

Rich blacks have indeed moved out of the ghettos ; but estate agents , anxious to protect property prices , still steer even rich blacks away from the nicest , lily-white suburbs .
rich blacks have indeed moved out of the ghettos ; but estate [people] , anxious to protect property prices , still steer even rich blacks away from the nicest , lily-white suburbs .

‘ You 'll phone the Agents , then , ’ he said to his Mum .
‘ you 'll phone the [people] , then , ’ he said to his mum .

He pulled out the bottom drawer , grabbed all the leaflets from the estate agents , all the newspaper cuttings of houses for sale , and threw them on the floor .
he pulled out the bottom drawer , grabbed all the leaflets from the estate [people] , all the newspaper cuttings of houses for sale , and threw them on the floor .

Amnesty International says the killings have been carried out by ‘ police and military agents in civilian clothes and uniform ’ .
amnesty international says the killings have been carried out by ‘ police and military [people] in civilian clothes and uniform ’ .

Travel agents in Little Saigon advertise air tickets and tours to Bangkok , which , just coincidentally , link up with tours of Vietnam .
travel [people] in little saigon advertise air tickets and tours to bangkok , which , just coincidentally , link up with tours of vietnam .

In Finland local authorities are being turned into the purchasing agents — with a range of powers and responsibilities that look remarkably similar to those being assigned to the district health authorities under the Tory reforms .
in finland local authorities are being turned into the purchasing [people] — with a range of powers and responsibilities that look remarkably similar to those being assigned to the district health authorities under the tory reforms .

Agents know they could face fines of up to £400 for breaking the rules , but many keep taking the risk because they relish the free advertising .
[people] know they could face fines of up to £400 for breaking the rules , but many keep taking the risk because they relish the free advertising .

The problem arises mainly in the South , where it is customary for sellers to appoint several agents .
the problem arises mainly in the south , where it is customary for sellers to appoint several [people] .

Central London councils like Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea have cracked down on agents because they face particular problems through large blocks of flats permanently smothered with signs .
central london councils like westminster and kensington & chelsea have cracked down on [people] because they face particular problems through large blocks of flats permanently smothered with signs .

But the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors is angry that some other local authorities are letting agents get away with murder .
but the royal institution of chartered surveyors is angry that some other local authorities are letting [people] get away with murder .

Vertical applications have just started to appear , one of the first being Cambridge Micro 's package for estate agents ( Computer , June 1 ) .
vertical applications have just started to appear , one of the first being cambridge micro 's package for estate [people] ( computer , june 1 ) .

Western drug enforcement agents are trying to persuade the Bhutto government to enter , but such a move threatens to spill the first blood of Benazir 's fledgling democracy .
western drug enforcement [people] are trying to persuade the bhutto government to enter , but such a move threatens to spill the first blood of benazir 's fledgling democracy .

Such figures cause narcotics agents to wring their hands .
such figures cause narcotics [people] to wring their hands .

Anti-narcotics agents see the arrests as test cases in the government 's efforts to curb next year 's harvest , which provides Britain with 80 per cent of its heroin supply .
anti-narcotics [people] see the arrests as test cases in the government 's efforts to curb next year 's harvest , which provides britain with 80 per cent of its heroin supply .

One peculiarly disturbing double-spread shows the best-selling author surrounded by agents dickering over subsidiary rights , translations , movie deals and lucrative licensing contracts .
one peculiarly disturbing double-spread shows the best-selling author surrounded by [people] dickering over subsidiary rights , translations , movie deals and lucrative licensing contracts .

New legislation , which comes into force on May 18 , insists that all money-changers — be they high street banks , travel agents , hotels or specialist bureaux de change — display clearly their exchange rates and sometimes outrageous commission charges .
new legislation , which comes into force on may 18 , insists that all money-changers — be they high street banks , travel [people] , hotels or specialist bureaux de change — display clearly their exchange rates and sometimes outrageous commission charges .

Finally , after the third month passed with no rent received , Debbie phoned the tenants , asked them to pay her directly , and sent Landlords a recorded-delivery letter , which was returned , and finally one by ordinary post stating that Landlords were no longer employed as the managing agents .
finally , after the third month passed with no rent received , debbie phoned the tenants , asked them to pay her directly , and sent landlords a recorded-delivery letter , which was returned , and finally one by ordinary post stating that landlords were no longer employed as the managing [people] .

‘ Anyone can set up a letting agency , ’ says David Galsworthy , Vice President of the National Association of Estate Agents .
‘ anyone can set up a letting agency , ’ says david galsworthy , vice president of the national association of estate [people] .

The agents claim that the purchaser could harvest standing timber , charge the owners of properties on the land for access and ban local people from using the common .
the [people] claim that the purchaser could harvest standing timber , charge the owners of properties on the land for access and ban local people from using the common .

But the agents and their solicitors are equally determined that they could .
but the [people] and their solicitors are equally determined that they could .

Michael Jones , president-elect of the National Association of Estate Agents , does n't exactly endorse the architects ' case , but he too is deeply critical of the volume builders .
michael jones , president-elect of the national association of estate [people] , does n't exactly endorse the architects ' case , but he too is deeply critical of the volume builders .

Of course , lectures from architects and estate agents will change little .
of course , lectures from architects and estate [people] will change little .

Among the hundreds of documents are letters to Leon from various places , correspondence with solicitors , agents and publishers , including Harriet Weaver , another great patron and friend .
among the hundreds of documents are letters to leon from various places , correspondence with solicitors , [people] and publishers , including harriet weaver , another great patron and friend .

In 1986 , one scientific reviewer noted : ‘ Sorting out the causal agents is among the most challenging scientific detective tasks of the century .
in 1986 , one scientific reviewer noted : ‘ sorting out the causal [people] is among the most challenging scientific detective tasks of the century .

They are chronic weakening agents .
they are chronic weakening [people] .

However , subject to the Note below , we will pay to our clients the equivalent of such damages as they would be entitled to receive under English law in an English court for any personal injury to the client including illness or death , caused by the negligence , as understood in English law , of the servants or agents of ourselves or of any of our suppliers contracted or sub-contracted by us to provide any part of the arrangements for your holiday as described in this brochure , or excursions as described above , except for air or sea transportation arrangements for which separate conditions apply ( see 8 opposite ) .
however , subject to the note below , we will pay to our clients the equivalent of such damages as they would be entitled to receive under english law in an english court for any personal injury to the client including illness or death , caused by the negligence , as understood in english law , of the servants or [people] of ourselves or of any of our suppliers contracted or sub-contracted by us to provide any part of the arrangements for your holiday as described in this brochure , or excursions as described above , except for air or sea transportation arrangements for which separate conditions apply ( see 8 opposite ) .

Lists of names and addresses of potential buyers , agents or distributors .
lists of names and addresses of potential buyers , [people] or distributors .

It incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling agents , customs brokers , freight forwarding agents and express transport operators .
it incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling [people] , customs brokers , freight forwarding [people] and express transport operators .

The comprehensive complex ( to the west of the International pier and with its own dedicated access ) incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling agents , customs brokers , freight forwarding agents and express transport operators .
the comprehensive complex ( to the west of the international pier and with its own dedicated access ) incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling [people] , customs brokers , freight forwarding [people] and express transport operators .

The freight forwarders building extends to 2,200 sq.m. ( 24,000 sq.f. ) and provides warehousing/office units of varying sizes to the requirements of freight agents .
the freight forwarders building extends to 2,200 sq.m. ( 24,000 sq.f. ) and provides warehousing/office units of varying sizes to the requirements of freight [people] .

In January , British Airways ' Cargo Manager Northern Ireland , David McDougall and his 16 staff moved to the new cargo centre at Belfast International Airport which accommodates airlines , handling agents and freight forwarding companies in one area .
in january , british airways ' cargo manager northern ireland , david mcdougall and his 16 staff moved to the new cargo centre at belfast international airport which accommodates airlines , handling [people] and freight forwarding companies in one area .

The airline has developed a total package of distribution services for its freight forwarding agents , carefully designed to best service the ultimate customers ; the manufacturer and the purchaser .
the airline has developed a total package of distribution services for its freight forwarding [people] , carefully designed to best service the ultimate customers ; the manufacturer and the purchaser .

Only amounts in excess of this 2 % will be surcharged , together with an amount to cover agents ' commission .
only amounts in excess of this 2 % will be surcharged , together with an amount to cover [people] ' commission .

We accept responsibility for the acts and/or omissions of our employees or agents and suppliers while acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment , agency or contract of supply and we also accept responsibility for any deficiencies in the services we are contractually obliged to provide or for any failure of such services to reach a reasonable standard save , in each case that :
we accept responsibility for the acts and/or omissions of our employees or [people] and suppliers while acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment , agency or contract of supply and we also accept responsibility for any deficiencies in the services we are contractually obliged to provide or for any failure of such services to reach a reasonable standard save , in each case that :

We accept responsibility for any loss or damage which you amy suffer on holidays as a result of the negligence of our employees or agents .
we accept responsibility for any loss or damage which you amy suffer on holidays as a result of the negligence of our employees or [people] .

If you or any member of your family suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from negligence of our suppliers ( other than air and sea carriers performing any domestic , internal or international carriage of whatsoever kind for whom we accept no liability ) , their sub=contractors , servants and/or agents , we will accept responsibility provided that they were acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment when the accident occurred .
if you or any member of your family suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from negligence of our suppliers ( other than air and sea carriers performing any domestic , internal or international carriage of whatsoever kind for whom we accept no liability ) , their sub=contractors , servants and/or [people] , we will accept responsibility provided that they were acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment when the accident occurred .

Three of the four were partners in Simmons & Sons ( now Simmons & Lawrence ) , the land and estate agents .
three of the four were partners in simmons & sons ( now simmons & lawrence ) , the land and estate [people] .

Both these processes in the long term are effective agents of selection , especially when applied to differential capacities to obtain mates and to care for and rear young .
both these processes in the long term are effective [people] of selection , especially when applied to differential capacities to obtain mates and to care for and rear young .

In a similar way , the argument goes , God reveals Himself in particular events ( that may themselves be the actions of His agents , like Jesus of Nazareth or Mohammed ) but can never be reduced to them .
in a similar way , the argument goes , god reveals himself in particular events ( that may themselves be the actions of his [people] , like jesus of nazareth or mohammed ) but can never be reduced to them .

Actually writing it down can really help to crystallise your thoughts — as well as helping other people ( like us , and estate agents ) to help you .
actually writing it down can really help to crystallise your thoughts — as well as helping other people ( like us , and estate [people] ) to help you .

Estate Agents
estate [people]

Estate agents make money by selling houses , normally about 1.5–2% of what the seller gets for his house : ( up to £600 pounds on a £30,000 house ) so they do n't mind working for it .
estate [people] make money by selling houses , normally about 1.5–2% of what the seller gets for his house : ( up to £600 pounds on a £30,000 house ) so they do n't mind working for it .

It saw the first public flotation of a building society , the first moves towards acquisition of a major bank , Girobank , by another society , some further widening of building society powers , a tendency for more societies to become ‘ tied agents ’ of insurance companies and further excursions by societies into the wider field of financial services .
it saw the first public flotation of a building society , the first moves towards acquisition of a major bank , girobank , by another society , some further widening of building society powers , a tendency for more societies to become ‘ tied [people] ’ of insurance companies and further excursions by societies into the wider field of financial services .

In the old days , travel agents looked after their customers by finding them the best-value hotels at the required destination .
in the old days , travel [people] looked after their customers by finding them the best-value hotels at the required destination .

In 1982 , the school was put on the market by the agents to the Church Commissioners and the Inner London Education Authority .
in 1982 , the school was put on the market by the [people] to the church commissioners and the inner london education authority .

Fate had got him as far as a leading Sheffield estate agents , Blundells .
fate had got him as far as a leading sheffield estate [people] , blundells .

All this is God 's doing , for he has reconciled us to himself through Jesus Christ ; and he has made us agents of the reconciliation .
all this is god 's doing , for he has reconciled us to himself through jesus christ ; and he has made us [people] of the reconciliation .

Those whose calling it is to be God 's agents of reconciliation are vulnerable to the ordinary wear and tear of any who seek to serve among the wayward and weak , the blocked and blighted among beautiful people unable to realise their potential .
those whose calling it is to be god 's [people] of reconciliation are vulnerable to the ordinary wear and tear of any who seek to serve among the wayward and weak , the blocked and blighted among beautiful people unable to realise their potential .

Then come along and help at Secret Agents , our 5–11 year old Holiday Club this summer !
then come along and help at secret [people] , our 5–11 year old holiday club this summer !

Secret Agents ?
secret [people] ?

Secret Agents is the name given to a Christ centred , bible based holiday club resource material from Scripture Union .
secret [people] is the name given to a christ centred , bible based holiday club resource material from scripture union .

The programme aims to stimulate the children to find out the truth about Jesus through the eyes of His enemies , the Pharisees and the ‘ secret agents ’ that were often sent out to investigate and police His teaching and activities .
the programme aims to stimulate the children to find out the truth about jesus through the eyes of his enemies , the pharisees and the ‘ secret [people] ’ that were often sent out to investigate and police his teaching and activities .

Handfuls of froth simply mean that the manufacturer has added lots of foaming agents .
handfuls of froth simply mean that the manufacturer has added lots of foaming [people] .

Try switching to hair care products with a light consistency and make sure you rinse out any setting agents thoroughly .
try switching to hair care products with a light consistency and make sure you rinse out any setting [people] thoroughly .

These wo n't damage you hair at all : in fact because they contain lots of conditioning agents they can make it much more shiny and manageable .
these wo n't damage you hair at all : in fact because they contain lots of conditioning [people] they can make it much more shiny and manageable .

Recent years have seen a succession of second-rate political memoirs illuminated by the self-serving clarity of hindsight , stashed with dutiful acknowledgements to dreary constituency agents , padded out with hack accounts of official visits to one foreign country or another .
recent years have seen a succession of second-rate political memoirs illuminated by the self-serving clarity of hindsight , stashed with dutiful acknowledgements to dreary constituency [people] , padded out with hack accounts of official visits to one foreign country or another .

The German newspaper says that the Army 's Intelligence and Security Group in Germany recruited five agents following terrorist attacks against British forces during the late 1970s .
the german newspaper says that the army 's intelligence and security group in germany recruited five [people] following terrorist attacks against british forces during the late 1970s .

In 1981 British intelligence took control of these agents under Operation Ward .
in 1981 british intelligence took control of these [people] under operation ward .

By 1984 the Ward team was running eight agents and had targeted another five people for possible for recruitment .
by 1984 the ward team was running eight [people] and had targeted another five people for possible for recruitment .

Many estate agents were whistling to keep up their confidence this week , claiming that people were already used to the idea of higher mortgage rates and that the latest increase would make little difference .
many estate [people] were whistling to keep up their confidence this week , claiming that people were already used to the idea of higher mortgage rates and that the latest increase would make little difference .

Tim Blenkin , of the York office of agents Jackson-Stops & Staff , says that sales of up-market properties — in the £200,000-plus bracket — to southern-based buyers have halved from more than 50 per cent of his firm 's sales last year to about 25 per cent .
tim blenkin , of the york office of [people] jackson-stops & staff , says that sales of up-market properties — in the £200,000-plus bracket — to southern-based buyers have halved from more than 50 per cent of his firm 's sales last year to about 25 per cent .

According to the buyers ' guide produced by estate agents Savills , who specialise in such properties , the price of prime properties in Yorkshire has risen by more than 130 per cent over the last three years .
according to the buyers ' guide produced by estate [people] savills , who specialise in such properties , the price of prime properties in yorkshire has risen by more than 130 per cent over the last three years .

The Chancellor had left Blackpool late on Monday night , after addressing party agents , but conference jitters were so great that his unexpected disappearance prompted rumours that he had gone back to London for crisis talks .
the chancellor had left blackpool late on monday night , after addressing party [people] , but conference jitters were so great that his unexpected disappearance prompted rumours that he had gone back to london for crisis talks .

Depending on the school 's theatre resources , a full term of productions may mean that at least three or more plays will be staged , giving agents , directors and casting pundits a chance to evaluate your work .
depending on the school 's theatre resources , a full term of productions may mean that at least three or more plays will be staged , giving [people] , directors and casting pundits a chance to evaluate your work .

Unfortunately , it is often difficult to get agents to attend these productions .
unfortunately , it is often difficult to get [people] to attend these productions .

Most drama schools final productions are staged over a similar sort of schedule , which means agents are asked to see students ' work over a fairly compressed period .
most drama schools final productions are staged over a similar sort of schedule , which means [people] are asked to see students ' work over a fairly compressed period .

Agents are notified of performances by the schools , and they also receive hundreds of letters from students inviting them to see particular performances .
[people] are notified of performances by the schools , and they also receive hundreds of letters from students inviting them to see particular performances .

Remember , though , that badgering agents is quite useless ; if they want to come they will come , but telephoning them and overselling yourself can be just as useless as not letting them know that you 're alive and working .
remember , though , that badgering [people] is quite useless ; if they want to come they will come , but telephoning them and overselling yourself can be just as useless as not letting them know that you 're alive and working .

Most of the drama schools now include a presentation of auditions for agents and managements at the end of the final term , in addition to the finals productions .
most of the drama schools now include a presentation of auditions for [people] and managements at the end of the final term , in addition to the finals productions .

Although an agent may be very impressed by the talent he sees , there are practical difficulties which affect how much agents can do for young actors .
although an agent may be very impressed by the talent he sees , there are practical difficulties which affect how much [people] can do for young actors .

Agents do n't want deadwood and if they are interested in you it is because they feel they can sell you into the market , so that you can go on and make money both for yourself and them .
[people] do n't want deadwood and if they are interested in you it is because they feel they can sell you into the market , so that you can go on and make money both for yourself and them .

Well , the agents and the casting directors are one thing , then there 's an amorphous list of anyone who seems to be connected with theatre , film and television .
well , the [people] and the casting directors are one thing , then there 's an amorphous list of anyone who seems to be connected with theatre , film and television .

Catholic nationalists who support or condone the killing of protestant loyalists do so on the grounds that members of the Northern police force and part-time army are either agents of British imperialism or maintaining alien protestant — loyalist power in a part of Ireland .
catholic nationalists who support or condone the killing of protestant loyalists do so on the grounds that members of the northern police force and part-time army are either [people] of british imperialism or maintaining alien protestant — loyalist power in a part of ireland .

But when you have a situation where youngsters of 12 or 13 — and in some cases even younger — who may only have won a couple of matches , are being offered $ 500,000 guarantees to sign up with one of the management companies before they are snapped up by one of the rival agents , the potential for long term damage is enormous .
but when you have a situation where youngsters of 12 or 13 — and in some cases even younger — who may only have won a couple of matches , are being offered $ 500,000 guarantees to sign up with one of the management companies before they are snapped up by one of the rival [people] , the potential for long term damage is enormous .

There must have been many an occasion when agents , in particular , must have wished to see the back of him .
there must have been many an occasion when [people] , in particular , must have wished to see the back of him .

Such classificatory techniques and use of social binaries seem all too obvious in police practice and undoubtedly enhance ideological barriers and present further opportunities for the powerful to encourage their agents in the police to pursue bigotry and authoritarian measures in their contests with the dispossessed .
such classificatory techniques and use of social binaries seem all too obvious in police practice and undoubtedly enhance ideological barriers and present further opportunities for the powerful to encourage their [people] in the police to pursue bigotry and authoritarian measures in their contests with the dispossessed .

The promoters are collecting feedback from the travel agents which are testing the system , and selling the idea to the travel trade with the slogan ‘ Book Britain through Bravo ’ .
the promoters are collecting feedback from the travel [people] which are testing the system , and selling the idea to the travel trade with the slogan ‘ book britain through bravo ’ .

This is aimed at independent hotels , and will put them alongside chain properties on travel agents ' terminals .
this is aimed at independent hotels , and will put them alongside chain properties on travel [people] ' terminals .

The training should be done by the system supplier , with no reliance on outside agents .
the training should be done by the system supplier , with no reliance on outside [people] .

Thank goodness neither Keininger nor The Londsdale Clock Co. of Swaffham , their agents , were guilty of the luxury of being rude to their customer .
thank goodness neither keininger nor the londsdale clock co. of swaffham , their [people] , were guilty of the luxury of being rude to their customer .

It was Don who made the effort ; he bought the local paper and looked at ads for houses ; he phoned estate agents and asked for lists of properties .
it was don who made the effort ; he bought the local paper and looked at ads for houses ; he phoned estate [people] and asked for lists of properties .

It affects males and females , young and old , heterosexuals and homosexuals , and shows no sign of diminution in prevalence despite world-wide control measures and the existence of effective antibiotic agents which can cure the disease once diagnosed .
it affects males and females , young and old , heterosexuals and homosexuals , and shows no sign of diminution in prevalence despite world-wide control measures and the existence of effective antibiotic [people] which can cure the disease once diagnosed .

Most modern culture media contain both antibiotics and anti-fungal agents to which the gonococcus is not sensitive , to inhibit the growth of competitive organisms .
most modern culture media contain both antibiotics and anti-fungal [people] to which the gonococcus is not sensitive , to inhibit the growth of competitive organisms .

The treatment of gonorrhoea was transformed by the discovery of the chemotherapeutic agents — the sulphonamides — before the Second World War .
the treatment of gonorrhoea was transformed by the discovery of the chemotherapeutic [people] — the sulphonamides — before the second world war .

Unlike many antibiotics , the antifungal agents commonly used are not absorbed from the gut and it is therefore not effective just to give tablets or capsules by mouth .
unlike many antibiotics , the antifungal [people] commonly used are not absorbed from the gut and it is therefore not effective just to give tablets or capsules by mouth .

Hepatitis simply means an inflammatory disorder of the liver and it can be caused by a variety of agents : drugs and poisons , bacteria and viruses .
hepatitis simply means an inflammatory disorder of the liver and it can be caused by a variety of [people] : drugs and poisons , bacteria and viruses .

They are resistant to cleaning agents and chemicals and allow cylinder markings to be easily read .
they are resistant to cleaning [people] and chemicals and allow cylinder markings to be easily read .

However , most travel agents do not deal directly with these companies .
however , most travel [people] do not deal directly with these companies .

But some leading shampoos and conditioners contain small amounts of bleaching agents to promote blonde colouring .
but some leading shampoos and conditioners contain small amounts of bleaching [people] to promote blonde colouring .

If you regularly perm your hair and find its condition is getting worse , it could be your hair is suffering the effect of those bleaching agents .
if you regularly perm your hair and find its condition is getting worse , it could be your hair is suffering the effect of those bleaching [people] .

And the only agents that can do the pollinating are fig wasps .
and the only [people] that can do the pollinating are fig wasps .

Ants are also good agents of protection : they are well-armed and numerous .
ants are also good [people] of protection : they are well-armed and numerous .

It is only as we remain exiles , stay-behind agents , spies in enemy territory , that we can really learn to delight in God alone .
it is only as we remain exiles , stay-behind [people] , spies in enemy territory , that we can really learn to delight in god alone .

Some preservatives are inactivated by non-ionic surface-active agents , others tend to be absorbed by plastic containers and so removed from the produce , while others may undergo degradation .
some preservatives are inactivated by non-ionic surface-active [people] , others tend to be absorbed by plastic containers and so removed from the produce , while others may undergo degradation .

In securing huge government land grants as an inducement to build , the railways became the prime engine of migration , transporting the migrants , acting as land agents , supplying their machinery , building materials , and seed , and later shipping ( a word which developed land-bound connotations ) their produce .
in securing huge government land grants as an inducement to build , the railways became the prime engine of migration , transporting the migrants , acting as land [people] , supplying their machinery , building materials , and seed , and later shipping ( a word which developed land-bound connotations ) their produce .

The photographic archive of the Crown Agents in London contains a magnificent record of these stations in their pristine condition .
the photographic archive of the crown [people] in london contains a magnificent record of these stations in their pristine condition .

The British produced a remarkable variety of stations in West Africa , all faithfully recorded in the photographic collection of the Crown Agents who were closely involved in their building .
the british produced a remarkable variety of stations in west africa , all faithfully recorded in the photographic collection of the crown [people] who were closely involved in their building .

The style was reminiscent of that of Ceylon , where the Crown Agents had also had a hand in station-building .
the style was reminiscent of that of ceylon , where the crown [people] had also had a hand in station-building .

The manner in which the architecture of these stations reflected colonial racial hierarchies is beautifully illustrated by a Crown Agents photograph showing the proclamation of the First World War at Port Harcourt station in eastern Nigeria .
the manner in which the architecture of these stations reflected colonial racial hierarchies is beautifully illustrated by a crown [people] photograph showing the proclamation of the first world war at port harcourt station in eastern nigeria .

Despite the consistent influence of the Crown Agents ' technical assistance in all these colonies , a remarkable diversity still prevailed .
despite the consistent influence of the crown [people] ' technical assistance in all these colonies , a remarkable diversity still prevailed .

Owners will usually see the value of their property increase and it is often a selling point in estate agents ’ particulars that a house stands in a conservation area .
owners will usually see the value of their property increase and it is often a selling point in estate [people] ’ particulars that a house stands in a conservation area .

Make contact with the chairman of the Uses Committee and press him to place the church in the hands of the local office of one of the national estate agents .
make contact with the chairman of the uses committee and press him to place the church in the hands of the local office of one of the national estate [people] .

In some cases , however , estate agents will do a certain amount of advertising free of charge .
in some cases , however , estate [people] will do a certain amount of advertising free of charge .

Raistrick 's prime interest was in the biochemistry of moulds , and he was not particularly aiming to isolate antibacterial agents from them .
raistrick 's prime interest was in the biochemistry of moulds , and he was not particularly aiming to isolate antibacterial [people] from them .

Active principles were purified and identified chemically , and , when good fortune attended the search , developed into therapeutically useful agents .
active principles were purified and identified chemically , and , when good fortune attended the search , developed into therapeutically useful [people] .

Unexpectedly , when sulphanilamide was tried in bird malaria ( see Chapter 8 ) , at that time the standard procedure for discovering new antimalarial agents , it did not work .
unexpectedly , when sulphanilamide was tried in bird malaria ( see chapter 8 ) , at that time the standard procedure for discovering new antimalarial [people] , it did not work .

The other was the search in living tissues for the carriers or agents which determined these properties , i.e .
the other was the search in living tissues for the carriers or [people] which determined these properties , i.e .

But the war was over , and the pressure to investigate chemical warfare agents disappeared .
but the war was over , and the pressure to investigate chemical warfare [people] disappeared .

The outbreak of a new war made defence against chemical warfare agents once again an urgent problem .
the outbreak of a new war made defence against chemical warfare [people] once again an urgent problem .

The most obvious was to seek better compounds than the original nitrogen mustards , and numerous alkylating agents emerged during the following 30 years .
the most obvious was to seek better compounds than the original nitrogen mustards , and numerous alkylating [people] emerged during the following 30 years .

Nevertheless , it seemed reasonable that chemotherapeutic agents known to block the proliferation of cells might also be immunosuppressive .
nevertheless , it seemed reasonable that chemotherapeutic [people] known to block the proliferation of cells might also be immunosuppressive .

History is still being made with antiviral agents from the same laboratories .
history is still being made with antiviral [people] from the same laboratories .

Several useful agents have been found in unexpected places .
several useful [people] have been found in unexpected places .

More selective agents were sought , although this was theoretically unpromising .
more selective [people] were sought , although this was theoretically unpromising .

If the receptors for acetylcholine were all the same , agents which blocked any of them were expected to block all of them .
if the receptors for acetylcholine were all the same , [people] which blocked any of them were expected to block all of them .

Twenty years later at least four major families of drugs were widely used , as well as a considerable number of supporting agents which were believed to help some patients in particular circumstances .
twenty years later at least four major families of drugs were widely used , as well as a considerable number of supporting [people] which were believed to help some patients in particular circumstances .

Indeed , transmitters , by their very nature , are seldom suitable as therapeutic agents .
indeed , transmitters , by their very nature , are seldom suitable as therapeutic [people] .

Travel agents in England have already sold package deals for holidays that include tickets for the international matches — five-day games in Cape Town ( February 8-13 ) and Johannesburg ( February 16-21 ) and a six-game series of one-day matches ( February 23 to March 7 ) .
travel [people] in england have already sold package deals for holidays that include tickets for the international matches — five-day games in cape town ( february 8-13 ) and johannesburg ( february 16-21 ) and a six-game series of one-day matches ( february 23 to march 7 ) .

Stoke 's manager Alan Ball has criticised agents after finally signing Preston 's striker Tony Ellis for £250,000 .
stoke 's manager alan ball has criticised [people] after finally signing preston 's striker tony ellis for £250,000 .

Financial and legal pressures have forced councils to hand over debt recovery to private agents known as sheriffs ' officers — Scottish bailiffs — in a surprisingly clinical fashion .
financial and legal pressures have forced councils to hand over debt recovery to private [people] known as sheriffs ' officers — scottish bailiffs — in a surprisingly clinical fashion .

Most good travel agents require you be insured if booking a package holiday , but will nowadays be able to offer you the choice of the tour operator 's policy or their own .
most good travel [people] require you be insured if booking a package holiday , but will nowadays be able to offer you the choice of the tour operator 's policy or their own .

Similarly it would be stated in the estate agents ' particulars whether permission had been granted for a house which is up for sale to be sold to someone who wanted to use it as a second home .
similarly it would be stated in the estate [people] ' particulars whether permission had been granted for a house which is up for sale to be sold to someone who wanted to use it as a second home .

Soccer Western agents rub hands over the prospect of an eastern defection Talking Point .
soccer western [people] rub hands over the prospect of an eastern defection talking point .

We are very prominent estate agents in Oxfordshire and the efficiency of our network of offices , our massive mailing registers , our eye catching ‘ For Sale ’ boards and our unrivalled advertising exposure , all combine to get you fast results .
we are very prominent estate [people] in oxfordshire and the efficiency of our network of offices , our massive mailing registers , our eye catching ‘ for sale ’ boards and our unrivalled advertising exposure , all combine to get you fast results .

We are pleased to be the appointed agents for several interesting sites countywide currently on offer by Trencherwood .
we are pleased to be the appointed [people] for several interesting sites countywide currently on offer by trencherwood .

During the 41 years of Communist rule , an as yet undisclosed number of secret police agents were involved in continuous surveillance operations against citizens and were responsible for the interrogation and harassment of dissidents .
during the 41 years of communist rule , an as yet undisclosed number of secret police [people] were involved in continuous surveillance operations against citizens and were responsible for the interrogation and harassment of dissidents .

The soldiers announce : three Securitate agents shot dead and two badly injured .
the soldiers announce : three securitate [people] shot dead and two badly injured .

The exchange involves the handing over of 24 convicted West German agents for four high calibre Communist spies held in West Germany .
the exchange involves the handing over of 24 convicted west german [people] for four high calibre communist spies held in west germany .

East and West Germany have set in motion a big spy swap , involving 28 agents , as a sign of rapidly improving relations .
east and west germany have set in motion a big spy swap , involving 28 [people] , as a sign of rapidly improving relations .

In the 1950s he joined the Shin Bet internal security service and by the early 1960s was operating secretly in Europe , running agents into Arab countries for Mossad .
in the 1950s he joined the shin bet internal security service and by the early 1960s was operating secretly in europe , running [people] into arab countries for mossad .

difficulties with agents or licensees in the foreign country ;
difficulties with [people] or licensees in the foreign country ;

An international company is likely to rely on agents to sell its products to the country 's markets .
an international company is likely to rely on [people] to sell its products to the country 's markets .

In 1972 he was appointed chief executive ( second permanent secretary ) to set up the Property Services Agency at the Department of the Environment and held that position until his appointment as chairman of the Crown Agents for Overseas Governments and Administrations in 1974 , which he held until 1978 .
in 1972 he was appointed chief executive ( second permanent secretary ) to set up the property services agency at the department of the environment and held that position until his appointment as chairman of the crown [people] for overseas governments and administrations in 1974 , which he held until 1978 .

After two years , Cuckney left to become chairman of the Crown Agents , another organisation that was encountering fairly major financial difficulties .
after two years , cuckney left to become chairman of the crown [people] , another organisation that was encountering fairly major financial difficulties .

It took Cuckney four years to overcome the financial crisis he encountered when he took over the Crown Agents in 1974 .
it took cuckney four years to overcome the financial crisis he encountered when he took over the crown [people] in 1974 .

On leaving the Crown Agents he became a director of Midland Bank and chairman of Thomas Cook , which Midland Bank owned , and he became a director and subsequently chairman of Brooke Bond and a director and subsequently chairman of Royal Insurance .
on leaving the crown [people] he became a director of midland bank and chairman of thomas cook , which midland bank owned , and he became a director and subsequently chairman of brooke bond and a director and subsequently chairman of royal insurance .

Then other potentially useful agents , the ex-military , and teachers , will be examined .
then other potentially useful [people] , the ex-military , and teachers , will be examined .

For lack of sufficient members in the countryside , the party had to rely on the most lively agents to effect smychka between itself and the masses .
for lack of sufficient members in the countryside , the party had to rely on the most lively [people] to effect smychka between itself and the masses .

Unfortunately their crude tactics , due to a very low educational level , made them better counter-agents than agents for the Bolsheviks .
unfortunately their crude tactics , due to a very low educational level , made them better counter-agents than [people] for the bolsheviks .

It may be imagined that the village schoolteachers could establish cultural ties between party and peasant , but some of the weaknesses of these agents have already been revealed in the Smolensk guberniia .
it may be imagined that the village schoolteachers could establish cultural ties between party and peasant , but some of the weaknesses of these [people] have already been revealed in the smolensk guberniia .

For lack of sympathetic agents , the peasants were often left to their own devices in matters of general and even political culture .
for lack of sympathetic [people] , the peasants were often left to their own devices in matters of general and even political culture .

They advocated the promotion of party schools at the guberniia level to speed up the educational attainments of local leaders so that they really could set the tone in political culture in sufficient numbers without having to depend so much on shaky agents .
they advocated the promotion of party schools at the guberniia level to speed up the educational attainments of local leaders so that they really could set the tone in political culture in sufficient numbers without having to depend so much on shaky [people] .

He showed the same scant respect for other agents of central power .
he showed the same scant respect for other [people] of central power .

This was not the case for those other connecting agents between town and country that have been studied in Smolensk and Kursk gubernii .
this was not the case for those other connecting [people] between town and country that have been studied in smolensk and kursk gubernii .

Both networks fed energy ( light , and food , fuel , human agents ) round the ex-Empire .
both networks fed energy ( light , and food , fuel , human [people] ) round the ex-empire .

Booking Agents
booking [people]

Deciding on the right level for a band depends on the policy ideas which characterize different agents .
deciding on the right level for a band depends on the policy ideas which characterize different [people] .

Apart from demo tapes , agents find new acts from four sources within the business .
apart from demo tapes , [people] find new acts from four sources within the business .

At Prestige Talent , we have three young agents learning the business from booking colleges and clubs like the Borderline in London .
at prestige talent , we have three young [people] learning the business from booking colleges and clubs like the borderline in london .

Agents have to regard these young acts as an investment .
[people] have to regard these young acts as an investment .

Major Recording and Publishing Agents
major recording and publishing [people]

Also , there is a series of specialist leaflets on management , publishing , recording contracts , work abroad , and agents .
also , there is a series of specialist leaflets on management , publishing , recording contracts , work abroad , and [people] .

Currently , music business solicitors are in the talent-spotting game , just like record companies , publishers , managers and agents .
currently , music business solicitors are in the talent-spotting game , just like record companies , publishers , managers and [people] .

The brief of booking agents has changed radically in recent years .
the brief of booking [people] has changed radically in recent years .

Not surprisingly , established booking agents have reacted to this situation by being ever more wary of signing bands without a record deal .
not surprisingly , established booking [people] have reacted to this situation by being ever more wary of signing bands without a record deal .

Recently there has been a certain amount of paranoia from agents who have been tied to short-term agreements , and then have lost a band to the highest bidder just as the act is becoming successful .
recently there has been a certain amount of paranoia from [people] who have been tied to short-term agreements , and then have lost a band to the highest bidder just as the act is becoming successful .

As a result , agents are becoming even more cagey about developing raw talent .
as a result , [people] are becoming even more cagey about developing raw talent .

Most booking agents charge a commission of 15 per cent which is payable on the gross fees for any live work .
most booking [people] charge a commission of 15 per cent which is payable on the gross fees for any live work .

Most agents prefer a term of about three years , whereas bands want to work on a yearly basis .
most [people] prefer a term of about three years , whereas bands want to work on a yearly basis .

Agents invariably want to represent an artist throughout the world .
[people] invariably want to represent an artist throughout the world .

However , some agents prefer to collect all gross revenues from promoters and , having deducted their commission , pay the balance on to the artists .
however , some [people] prefer to collect all gross revenues from promoters and , having deducted their commission , pay the balance on to the artists .

It is not surprising that at independence most governments identified the international companies from the former colonial power as potential agents of neo-colonialism , who could not be trusted to operate with the interests of African countries at heart .
it is not surprising that at independence most governments identified the international companies from the former colonial power as potential [people] of neo-colonialism , who could not be trusted to operate with the interests of african countries at heart .

For instance , Malam Yaroh of Zinder in Niger maintained his own agents on the north African coast in the mid-nineteenth century .
for instance , malam yaroh of zinder in niger maintained his own [people] on the north african coast in the mid-nineteenth century .

Contracts were shortened and meat prices restrained ; the meat plant was nationalized and the export distribution channel lost ; the issue of land tenure for pastoralists became submerged in the much bigger ujamaa re-settlement programme of 1975 ; and livestock buying at markets was taken out of the hands of the traditional Somali buyers and for the most part placed in the hands of state agents .
contracts were shortened and meat prices restrained ; the meat plant was nationalized and the export distribution channel lost ; the issue of land tenure for pastoralists became submerged in the much bigger ujamaa re-settlement programme of 1975 ; and livestock buying at markets was taken out of the hands of the traditional somali buyers and for the most part placed in the hands of state [people] .

Lower down in the government were such potential agents of ‘ Thatcherism ’ as David Howell and ( more doubtfully ) Nigel Lawson .
lower down in the government were such potential [people] of ‘ thatcherism ’ as david howell and ( more doubtfully ) nigel lawson .

Considered from a materialist perspective it has at least three damaging limitations : first it tends to construe sexuality in terms of an original pre-social plenitude , an initially unstructured natural energy ; second ( and consequently ) sexuality is conceived in certain of Freud 's central texts as a drive with hydraulic characteristics ; third , a phenomenon like homophobia , when it is not being blatantly disregarded , is explained too much in terms of the subjective , psychic repressions of its agents .
considered from a materialist perspective it has at least three damaging limitations : first it tends to construe sexuality in terms of an original pre-social plenitude , an initially unstructured natural energy ; second ( and consequently ) sexuality is conceived in certain of freud 's central texts as a drive with hydraulic characteristics ; third , a phenomenon like homophobia , when it is not being blatantly disregarded , is explained too much in terms of the subjective , psychic repressions of its [people] .

Again in the New Guinea Highlands , women are the main agents in producing both agricultural products and the most valuable possession — pigs — but then , in the view of these people , what really matters is not production , but large-scale , ceremonial exchanges and the significance of women 's role in production is once more ideologically denied .
again in the new guinea highlands , women are the main [people] in producing both agricultural products and the most valuable possession — pigs — but then , in the view of these people , what really matters is not production , but large-scale , ceremonial exchanges and the significance of women 's role in production is once more ideologically denied .

Instead of a cause for celebration , yesterday 's conference to announce the game 's latest financial windfall was more like a wake as agents representing the sponsor explained the sorry situation .
instead of a cause for celebration , yesterday 's conference to announce the game 's latest financial windfall was more like a wake as [people] representing the sponsor explained the sorry situation .

Estate agents put on brave face
estate [people] put on brave face

bulking agents ( when using aboveground reactors ) .
bulking [people] ( when using aboveground reactors ) .

This is also known as soil banking and involves the addition of microorganisms , nutrients , bulking agents , and/or contaminants to soil , with subsequent biodegradation occurring in the surface soil .
this is also known as soil banking and involves the addition of microorganisms , nutrients , bulking [people] , and/or contaminants to soil , with subsequent biodegradation occurring in the surface soil .

Bulking agents are sometimes added to maintain easy pathways for nutrients ( especially oxygen ) to get to microorganisms , rather than everything collapsing into a mass that is not conducive to diffusion .
bulking [people] are sometimes added to maintain easy pathways for nutrients ( especially oxygen ) to get to microorganisms , rather than everything collapsing into a mass that is not conducive to diffusion .

Because dithiadiazoles are usually obtained by dehalogenation of the chloride — eg equation ( e ) — it is logical that dithiadiazoles sometimes act as dehalogenating agents ( equations g and h ) .
because dithiadiazoles are usually obtained by dehalogenation of the chloride — eg equation ( e ) — it is logical that dithiadiazoles sometimes act as dehalogenating [people] ( equations g and h ) .

The company 's manufacturing expertise is particularly strong in the production of a range of key chemical and biochemical reagents and intermediates including : albumins and other extracted proteins ; boranes ; biological buffers ; carbohydrates and sugar derivatives ; chemical and biological detergents ; chiral compounds , enzymes and resolving agents ; enzymes for immunodiagnostics and clinical chemistry ; fluoroorganics ; immunochemicals , peptide synthesis , protected amino acids and peptide/protein modification reagents ; protecting groups ; reducing agents ; silylating agents and organo-silica compounds and tissue culture reagents .
the company 's manufacturing expertise is particularly strong in the production of a range of key chemical and biochemical reagents and intermediates including : albumins and other extracted proteins ; boranes ; biological buffers ; carbohydrates and sugar derivatives ; chemical and biological detergents ; chiral compounds , enzymes and resolving [people] ; enzymes for immunodiagnostics and clinical chemistry ; fluoroorganics ; immunochemicals , peptide synthesis , protected amino acids and peptide/protein modification reagents ; protecting groups ; reducing [people] ; silylating [people] and organo-silica compounds and tissue culture reagents .

Non-manual categories included : clerks , typists , shopkeepers and assistants , civil servants , overlookers and foreman , insurance agents and commercial travellers , ministers of religion , nurses and social workers .
non-manual categories included : clerks , typists , shopkeepers and assistants , civil servants , overlookers and foreman , insurance [people] and commercial travellers , ministers of religion , nurses and social workers .

The farmers ' employment status was a mixture of self-employed and employee , and included British Steel managers , solicitors , insurance agents , consultants , teachers and business owners .
the farmers ' employment status was a mixture of self-employed and employee , and included british steel managers , solicitors , insurance [people] , consultants , teachers and business owners .

Repression , Government spies and agents provocateur were the order of the day .
repression , government spies and [people] provocateur were the order of the day .

Remembering the bloody tide of revolution in France , paid informers and Government agents lured leading revolutionaries into a trap at Bonnymuir that was to end in transportation for life to the antipodes … Australia .
remembering the bloody tide of revolution in france , paid informers and government [people] lured leading revolutionaries into a trap at bonnymuir that was to end in transportation for life to the antipodes … australia .

Throughout the trial the brothers had maintained that they had been working as agents for the British Government in Dublin .
throughout the trial the brothers had maintained that they had been working as [people] for the british government in dublin .

Costs were awarded to the members ' agents but not to Lloyd 's .
costs were awarded to the members ' [people] but not to lloyd 's .

The members , many of whom are unable to fulfil the latest £101m cash call due on March 2 to cover 1989–90 losses on syndicates were seeking an interim injunction to stop members ' agents and Lloyd 's dipping into their security .
the members , many of whom are unable to fulfil the latest £101m cash call due on march 2 to cover 1989–90 losses on syndicates were seeking an interim injunction to stop members ' [people] and lloyd 's dipping into their security .

In any case , it is clear that Mazmanian does not deal with social work programmes , and the change agents involved were not social workers .
in any case , it is clear that mazmanian does not deal with social work programmes , and the change [people] involved were not social workers .

Change Agents — professional and para-professional workers in the change agent system ;
change [people] — professional and para-professional workers in the change agent system ;

The change agents , in the light of their professional values , get satisfaction out of client participation ( Bernstein , 1960 , although the findings in York , 1989 , referred to above , in the third section , may throw some doubt on this ) .
the change [people] , in the light of their professional values , get satisfaction out of client participation ( bernstein , 1960 , although the findings in york , 1989 , referred to above , in the third section , may throw some doubt on this ) .

The effect is the creation of doctors as social control agents .
the effect is the creation of doctors as social control [people] .

The project , which was started in September 1990 , is tracing the sources and composition of the pigments and binding agents used by Rembrandt .
the project , which was started in september 1990 , is tracing the sources and composition of the pigments and binding [people] used by rembrandt .

‘ It pains me that the public hold chemical company executives in no higher esteem than estate agents , lawyers or even sitting members of Parliament ’ .
‘ it pains me that the public hold chemical company executives in no higher esteem than estate [people] , lawyers or even sitting members of parliament ’ .

In 1975–76 the cycloaracylation process , a new general method for making quinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acids substituted at position 1 , was developed while working on synthesising heterocyclic compounds by cycloacylating tautomeric enamines and enhydrazines with bifunctional acylating agents .
in 1975–76 the cycloaracylation process , a new general method for making quinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acids substituted at position 1 , was developed while working on synthesising heterocyclic compounds by cycloacylating tautomeric enamines and enhydrazines with bifunctional acylating [people] .

Biological agents provide promising alternatives , but we need to understand more about their modes of action .
biological [people] provide promising alternatives , but we need to understand more about their modes of action .

During the past 25 years the global market value of crop protection and enhancement agents has increased from ca $ 2 000m to ca $ 19 000m .
during the past 25 years the global market value of crop protection and enhancement [people] has increased from ca $ 2 000m to ca $ 19 000m .

Biocontrol agents , dominated by the bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis , even now account for only ca 1 per cent of this market .
biocontrol [people] , dominated by the bacterium bacillus thuringiensis , even now account for only ca 1 per cent of this market .

Whereas biological agents have hitherto been less efficient in total kill , speed of kill and activity spectrum , they are also attractive — resistance to them in natural pest populations is infrequent , and they can present fewer hazards to operators and the environment .
whereas biological [people] have hitherto been less efficient in total kill , speed of kill and activity spectrum , they are also attractive — resistance to them in natural pest populations is infrequent , and they can present fewer hazards to operators and the environment .

However , we believe that the market for biological agents will only be developed if we have a clear understanding of their mode of action .
however , we believe that the market for biological [people] will only be developed if we have a clear understanding of their mode of action .

Without this understanding , it will be difficult to predict the range of conditions under which the agents will function , and to write labels for their use of the kind which has become so essential for agrochemicals .
without this understanding , it will be difficult to predict the range of conditions under which the [people] will function , and to write labels for their use of the kind which has become so essential for agrochemicals .

Viral control agents
viral control [people]

These viruses have received most attention because their high pathogenicity , narrow host range , and complete safety to vertebrates and plants , make them ideal candidates for biological pest control agents .
these viruses have received most attention because their high pathogenicity , narrow host range , and complete safety to vertebrates and plants , make them ideal candidates for biological pest control [people] .

Many bacteria can also be isolated from insects and may be important in the natural control of insect populations , but the only bacteria which have been extensively studied and used as pest control agents are Bacillus spp .
many bacteria can also be isolated from insects and may be important in the natural control of insect populations , but the only bacteria which have been extensively studied and used as pest control [people] are bacillus spp .

In the short term , at least , the best prospect is for biological agents to be integrated with conventional chemicals in crop protection .
in the short term , at least , the best prospect is for biological [people] to be integrated with conventional chemicals in crop protection .

Molecular biological methods are being used increasingly in evaluating the mode of action and there is also the potential to develop new improved strains of biocontrol agents by genetic engineering .
molecular biological methods are being used increasingly in evaluating the mode of action and there is also the potential to develop new improved strains of biocontrol [people] by genetic engineering .

At least one of the companies involved , which does not advertise its holidays with travel agents , is now the subject of a police investigation .
at least one of the companies involved , which does not advertise its holidays with travel [people] , is now the subject of a police investigation .

At least one of the companies involved , which does not advertise its holidays with travel agents , is now the subject of a police investigation .
at least one of the companies involved , which does not advertise its holidays with travel [people] , is now the subject of a police investigation .

Holidaymakers should book through member companies of the Association of British Travel Agents .
holidaymakers should book through member companies of the association of british travel [people] .

In effect , therefore , the CMHTs were being required to act as local change agents , responsible for creating additional services in the community and mobilizing resources to sustain them .
in effect , therefore , the cmhts were being required to act as local change [people] , responsible for creating additional services in the community and mobilizing resources to sustain them .

In practice , however , banks are primarily the agents of the local and regional political bureaucracy .
in practice , however , banks are primarily the [people] of the local and regional political bureaucracy .

Within this perceptual framework , White women are frequently seen as agents in the narrative disruption which Black people initiate : it is the ‘ skirts ’ whose sexuality in one form or another is out of control or misplaced .
within this perceptual framework , white women are frequently seen as [people] in the narrative disruption which black people initiate : it is the ‘ skirts ’ whose sexuality in one form or another is out of control or misplaced .

Shelford 's services are being sold to rugby clubs in England and Wales by marketing agents and , according to the Cardiff link in the sponsorship chain , he is available for almost any kind of promotional activity .
shelford 's services are being sold to rugby clubs in england and wales by marketing [people] and , according to the cardiff link in the sponsorship chain , he is available for almost any kind of promotional activity .

This is uncomfortably similar to the endemic guilt of constituency agents like me , since it 's our role to believe that everything die Partei does at all times is absolutely right .
this is uncomfortably similar to the endemic guilt of constituency [people] like me , since it 's our role to believe that everything die partei does at all times is absolutely right .

We agents , however , must represent anything with the air of a cock-up only as an opportunity to demonstrate the Partei 's brilliance in extricating itself from it .
we [people] , however , must represent anything with the air of a cock-up only as an opportunity to demonstrate the partei 's brilliance in extricating itself from it .

What primes us agents most is our own exclusive conference speech from the Leader .
what primes us [people] most is our own exclusive conference speech from the leader .

Our collective noun is an Apprehension of Agents .
our collective noun is an apprehension of [people] .

Agents for other people 's money , they do not venture their own capital , and their firms are not truly entrepreneurial ventures .
[people] for other people 's money , they do not venture their own capital , and their firms are not truly entrepreneurial ventures .

But in the short run the new game of image-building spread , even to conservative England , even to the most patriarchal conservative , Harold Macmillan , who by the late Fifties was being promoted with his enthusiastic cooperation as ‘ Supermac ’ and sold on the hoardings by Messrs Colman , Prentice and Varley , the advertising agents .
but in the short run the new game of image-building spread , even to conservative england , even to the most patriarchal conservative , harold macmillan , who by the late fifties was being promoted with his enthusiastic cooperation as ‘ supermac ’ and sold on the hoardings by messrs colman , prentice and varley , the advertising [people] .

It is not always in the interest of farmers or agents to go directly to companies with an interest in selling equipment or attempt to design a system themselves .
it is not always in the interest of farmers or [people] to go directly to companies with an interest in selling equipment or attempt to design a system themselves .

Mr Stern has not flinched from talking to buyers , sellers , advisers , consultants , accountants , friends , farmers and agents in his determination to buy at what he considers a reasonable price .
mr stern has not flinched from talking to buyers , sellers , advisers , consultants , accountants , friends , farmers and [people] in his determination to buy at what he considers a reasonable price .

Agents are doing a marvellous job in the face of adversity but current affairs and the depletion of rollover funds are undermining values more than they want to admit .
[people] are doing a marvellous job in the face of adversity but current affairs and the depletion of rollover funds are undermining values more than they want to admit .

Despite falling values , farms are not selling because those involved , including agents , are not adjusting to economic reality , according to Mr Stern .
despite falling values , farms are not selling because those involved , including [people] , are not adjusting to economic reality , according to mr stern .

At Edinburgh 's Institute for Animal Physiology and Genetics , human genes were introduced into mice and sheep which then produced valuable human proteins , including easily retrievable blood-clotting agents and insulin .
at edinburgh 's institute for animal physiology and genetics , human genes were introduced into mice and sheep which then produced valuable human proteins , including easily retrievable blood-clotting [people] and insulin .

This reorganization of the local Labour movement was greatly fostered by the appointment of full-time agents , the creation of provincial Labour newspapers and the attempts to create women 's sections .
this reorganization of the local labour movement was greatly fostered by the appointment of full-time [people] , the creation of provincial labour newspapers and the attempts to create women 's sections .

The agents of this substitution would be education and the discoveries of science , which would sweep away not only the authority of revealed religion , but indeed all metaphysical ideas .
the [people] of this substitution would be education and the discoveries of science , which would sweep away not only the authority of revealed religion , but indeed all metaphysical ideas .

Today , the premises house an Estate Agents office , where the original Deeds may be seen .
today , the premises house an estate [people] office , where the original deeds may be seen .

Nothing was done about this move however except that Ludens collected the names of a lot of house agents .
nothing was done about this move however except that ludens collected the names of a lot of house [people] .

He had written to house agents about putting the flat on the market .
he had written to house [people] about putting the flat on the market .

For this reason detergents are sometimes called , erroneously , ‘ surfactants ’ which is a condensed version of ‘ surface active agents ’ .
for this reason detergents are sometimes called , erroneously , ‘ surfactants ’ which is a condensed version of ‘ surface active [people] ’ .

On their own they are relatively poor cleaning agents .
on their own they are relatively poor cleaning [people] .

Other Cleaning Agents
other cleaning [people]

Other cleaning agents are largely those which , when added to dirt , cause a chemical reaction to occur as specified in the equation .
other cleaning [people] are largely those which , when added to dirt , cause a chemical reaction to occur as specified in the equation .

Oxidising Agents
oxidising [people]

Oxidising agents : are chemicals which alter the chemical composition of dirt by a process known as oxidisation usually by contributing oxygen or chlorine to the dirt .
oxidising [people] : are chemicals which alter the chemical composition of dirt by a process known as oxidisation usually by contributing oxygen or chlorine to the dirt .

Two agents are commonly used sodium perborate ( which is a compound of hydrogen peroxide and sodium metaborate and acts as a solid source of hydrogen peroxide ) and sodium hypochlorite ( common bleach ) although other chlorine release agents are used .
two [people] are commonly used sodium perborate ( which is a compound of hydrogen peroxide and sodium metaborate and acts as a solid source of hydrogen peroxide ) and sodium hypochlorite ( common bleach ) although other chlorine release [people] are used .

In addition to the purely chemical agents there are also a number of abrasives which , in powder form , are frequently mixed with detergents .
in addition to the purely chemical [people] there are also a number of abrasives which , in powder form , are frequently mixed with detergents .

It has already been noted that there is a variety of cleaning agents each of which affects specific types of soil .
it has already been noted that there is a variety of cleaning [people] each of which affects specific types of soil .

Since there are five basic types of cleaning agents soil encountered in catering maybe grouped as follows :
since there are five basic types of cleaning [people] soil encountered in catering maybe grouped as follows :

Oxidising agent responsive soils : Only one main type of dirt is affected by oxidising agents , namely tannin , derived from tea , coffee , wine and certain fruits . If tannin occurs built onto a layer of scale it is best treated as acid soluble Dirt attachment :
oxidising agent responsive soils : only one main type of dirt is affected by oxidising [people] , namely tannin , derived from tea , coffee , wine and certain fruits . if tannin occurs built onto a layer of scale it is best treated as acid soluble dirt attachment :

As an alternative to modifying the soil , by the use of chemical agents , coatings may be applied to clean surfaces to prevent or interfere with soil attachment .
as an alternative to modifying the soil , by the use of chemical [people] , coatings may be applied to clean surfaces to prevent or interfere with soil attachment .

Bactericidal agents may , however , suppress the appearance of a pinkish bloom of bacterial origin , Micrococcus roseus , in the wash compartment , which would otherwise require separate disinfection .
bactericidal [people] may , however , suppress the appearance of a pinkish bloom of bacterial origin , micrococcus roseus , in the wash compartment , which would otherwise require separate disinfection .

Because of the corrosive nature of some machine washing agents some care should be exercised on items selected for this form of disinfection .
because of the corrosive nature of some machine washing [people] some care should be exercised on items selected for this form of disinfection .

Alternative washing agents may be used to reduce corrosion to aluminium .
alternative washing [people] may be used to reduce corrosion to aluminium .

Many chemical agents are used for disinfection .
many chemical [people] are used for disinfection .

Other chlorine release agents
other chlorine release [people]

Other chlorine release agents : Commercial formulations are aimed at providing the performance advantages of hypochlorites while reducing the number of disadvantages .
other chlorine release [people] : commercial formulations are aimed at providing the performance advantages of hypochlorites while reducing the number of disadvantages .

Currently there are five such principal agents one inorganic and the remainder organic .
currently there are five such principal [people] one inorganic and the remainder organic .

All these agents are considerably more expensive than hypochlorites .
all these [people] are considerably more expensive than hypochlorites .

Nevertheless QACs are not particularly good cleaning agents and have poor rinsing and foaming characteristics .
nevertheless qacs are not particularly good cleaning [people] and have poor rinsing and foaming characteristics .

As such they are highly suitable for the brewing industry , from plant to road tankers , and are becoming widely used as glass washing agents in the licensed trades .
as such they are highly suitable for the brewing industry , from plant to road tankers , and are becoming widely used as glass washing [people] in the licensed trades .

Chlorinated phenols : Phenol agents are generally unsuitable for food use as they exhibit high odour characteristics and other undesirable effects .
chlorinated phenols : phenol [people] are generally unsuitable for food use as they exhibit high odour characteristics and other undesirable effects .

Complex derivatives of phenols , chlorinated and compounded with an anionic base , have been used widely as glassware agents in the licensed trades until the advent of bisguanides .
complex derivatives of phenols , chlorinated and compounded with an anionic base , have been used widely as glassware [people] in the licensed trades until the advent of bisguanides .

Many claims are made for their disinfectant properties but the results obtained may be more a function of their excellent detergency in removing , rather than destroying , micro-organisms and their recommended method of use in sequence with other cleaning agents followed by a number of rinses .
many claims are made for their disinfectant properties but the results obtained may be more a function of their excellent detergency in removing , rather than destroying , micro-organisms and their recommended method of use in sequence with other cleaning [people] followed by a number of rinses .

Total alkalinity is often modified , downwards , by the use of less aggressive alkalis , such as sodium carbonate or sodium metasilicate , and , not infrequently , especially in dishwashing formulations , chlorine release agents such as di and tri chloroisocyanuric acid salts .
total alkalinity is often modified , downwards , by the use of less aggressive alkalis , such as sodium carbonate or sodium metasilicate , and , not infrequently , especially in dishwashing formulations , chlorine release [people] such as di and tri chloroisocyanuric acid salts .

Other formulations include chlorine release agents or perborates but all are powerful surfactants to promote film spread which is the basis of rapid drying .
other formulations include chlorine release [people] or perborates but all are powerful surfactants to promote film spread which is the basis of rapid drying .

There are however two specific product types that have some value and are known , collectively , as biological agents .
there are however two specific product types that have some value and are known , collectively , as biological [people] .

In this context they are not so much cleaning agents as ‘ brighteners ’ and would benefit from being described as such .
in this context they are not so much cleaning [people] as ‘ brighteners ’ and would benefit from being described as such .

Technical confirmatory tests can be applied to prove cleanliness although they will rarely be used unless determining the relative performance of cleaning agents , or , perhaps , in judging a competition :
technical confirmatory tests can be applied to prove cleanliness although they will rarely be used unless determining the relative performance of cleaning [people] , or , perhaps , in judging a competition :

Also chlorine liberating agents should be avoided as they have a similar effect .
also chlorine liberating [people] should be avoided as they have a similar effect .

Second , they do not seize opportunities for credit and new inputs , while large farmers are frequently able to look after themselves even without the aid of extension agents .
second , they do not seize opportunities for credit and new inputs , while large farmers are frequently able to look after themselves even without the aid of extension [people] .

Turning to the relationship between direct land-users and conservation agents , lack of participation of the former has been attributed to governments not involving the people in the design and implementation of the project .
turning to the relationship between direct land-users and conservation [people] , lack of participation of the former has been attributed to governments not involving the people in the design and implementation of the project .

This in turn creates one of the most difficult problems of all , a personal one which many government servants , and agents or consultants must feel .
this in turn creates one of the most difficult problems of all , a personal one which many government servants , and [people] or consultants must feel .

The clinical approach to family planning in which medical staff advised upon and provided services at the hospital was replaced by an extension approach in which a vast array of extension agents and network of services in the countryside was set up , using many techniques of marketing and advertising adapted to the Indian context .
the clinical approach to family planning in which medical staff advised upon and provided services at the hospital was replaced by an extension approach in which a vast array of extension [people] and network of services in the countryside was set up , using many techniques of marketing and advertising adapted to the indian context .

There is a strong thriller element to the novel , particularly in the last part , in which Piero is tracked down by the agents of what is portrayed as something close to a police or military state in the underground corridors of the prison-like block of flats where Charles lives and the fugitive has been hiding .
there is a strong thriller element to the novel , particularly in the last part , in which piero is tracked down by the [people] of what is portrayed as something close to a police or military state in the underground corridors of the prison-like block of flats where charles lives and the fugitive has been hiding .

They were encouraged to believe that external agents would tackle the problem of a territorial settlement .
they were encouraged to believe that external [people] would tackle the problem of a territorial settlement .

Since the landlords/commission agents are also the main dealers in seed , fertilizers and equipment , it is virtually impossible for individual farmers to resist them .
since the landlords/commission [people] are also the main dealers in seed , fertilizers and equipment , it is virtually impossible for individual farmers to resist them .

Two landlords/ commission agents control virtually the whole produce of the Jordan valley .
two landlords/ commission [people] control virtually the whole produce of the jordan valley .

It was not surprising that a growing number of small farmers in the West Bank viewed the commission agents not only as too closely connected with Amman politically , but also as parasites upon their labour .
it was not surprising that a growing number of small farmers in the west bank viewed the commission [people] not only as too closely connected with amman politically , but also as parasites upon their labour .

The money men , the purveyors of soft drinks , the bankers , the lawyers , the agents and the wheeler-dealers were taking over ; the stars themselves , those in a strong enough position to negotiate strident new financial benefits , were demanding a bigger slice of the cake .
the money men , the purveyors of soft drinks , the bankers , the lawyers , the [people] and the wheeler-dealers were taking over ; the stars themselves , those in a strong enough position to negotiate strident new financial benefits , were demanding a bigger slice of the cake .

Agents posed as Iraqi arms salesmen to allegedly trap a Californian arms merchant , four officials of the former communist regime in Poland , and five officials of the Russian government .
[people] posed as iraqi arms salesmen to allegedly trap a californian arms merchant , four officials of the former communist regime in poland , and five officials of the russian government .

But , he says , agents have also learned the lessons of recent years by adapting their sales measures to cope with the recession , identifying more closely buyers capable of meeting their financial responsibilities and building solid ‘ chains ’ to ensure successful completion of negotiations .
but , he says , [people] have also learned the lessons of recent years by adapting their sales measures to cope with the recession , identifying more closely buyers capable of meeting their financial responsibilities and building solid ‘ chains ’ to ensure successful completion of negotiations .

Dai Jenkin , a director at Gribble , Booth & Taylor , estate agents in Devon and Somerset , finds a growing number of British people who bought homes and went to live in France three or four years ago are now moving back to the West Country .
dai jenkin , a director at gribble , booth & taylor , estate [people] in devon and somerset , finds a growing number of british people who bought homes and went to live in france three or four years ago are now moving back to the west country .

David Fursdon , of Stags estate agents in Devon , where a six-bedroom farmhouse near Exeter with farm buildings and 144 acres is on sale at £290,000 , says : ‘ With agricultural land prices at 50 per cent down , there are some good buys closer to home . ’
david fursdon , of stags estate [people] in devon , where a six-bedroom farmhouse near exeter with farm buildings and 144 acres is on sale at £290,000 , says : ‘ with agricultural land prices at 50 per cent down , there are some good buys closer to home . ’

The West Country agents are now fighting back .
the west country [people] are now fighting back .

Dai Jenkin is staging a West Country property show at the offices of Barnard Marcus , the Knightsbridge estate agents this weekend from 10am-5pm .
dai jenkin is staging a west country property show at the offices of barnard marcus , the knightsbridge estate [people] this weekend from 10am-5pm .

The estate agents ' hyperbole pushes the line that the countryside is lush and green , the beaches are superb , and there are still plenty of pretty villages on our side of the Channel .
the estate [people] ' hyperbole pushes the line that the countryside is lush and green , the beaches are superb , and there are still plenty of pretty villages on our side of the channel .

And there are no estate agents ' fees to pay when you buy , unlike in France , where all fees — from 10 to 25 per cent of the purchase price ( the cheaper the property the higher the fees ) — including four or five per cent for the estate agent , notarial costs , taxes and other liabilities , must be paid by the purchaser .
and there are no estate [people] ' fees to pay when you buy , unlike in france , where all fees — from 10 to 25 per cent of the purchase price ( the cheaper the property the higher the fees ) — including four or five per cent for the estate agent , notarial costs , taxes and other liabilities , must be paid by the purchaser .

Agents can find the charming cottage in local stone or sun-soaked limewash on the edge of a sandy beach in a sheltered creek , but be prepared to pay top money .
[people] can find the charming cottage in local stone or sun-soaked limewash on the edge of a sandy beach in a sheltered creek , but be prepared to pay top money .

More modestly , the same agents are offering six new apartments at Kingswear with views across to Dartmouth .
more modestly , the same [people] are offering six new apartments at kingswear with views across to dartmouth .

Local estate agents Gribble , Booth and Taylor report that local economies in such areas as Plymouth , Exeter , Tiverton and Taunton are growing , making these areas the least risky to buy into .
local estate [people] gribble , booth and taylor report that local economies in such areas as plymouth , exeter , tiverton and taunton are growing , making these areas the least risky to buy into .

‘ The ban is causing unnecessary hardship for people who want to sell , ’ said Geoff Frost , managing director of Millers , one of Cornwall 's largest estate agents .
‘ the ban is causing unnecessary hardship for people who want to sell , ’ said geoff frost , managing director of millers , one of cornwall 's largest estate [people] .

Most estate agents were overjoyed at the election result .
most estate [people] were overjoyed at the election result .

Its members , hoteliers , estate agents and other small businessmen , had been expecting a group of 19 ‘ ordinary ’ Russians .
its members , hoteliers , estate [people] and other small businessmen , had been expecting a group of 19 ‘ ordinary ’ russians .

Opponents lucky enough to escape Malawi to live in exile have sometimes been hunted down and assassinated or abducted by Malawian agents in Zambia or Zimbabwe .
opponents lucky enough to escape malawi to live in exile have sometimes been hunted down and assassinated or abducted by malawian [people] in zambia or zimbabwe .

THis is because they contain special matting agents , which cause the varnishes to dry with an irregular surface , so that light is reflected at random angles .
this is because they contain special matting [people] , which cause the varnishes to dry with an irregular surface , so that light is reflected at random angles .

If these matting agents are not thoroughly dispersed before application , then the varnishes or varnish stains will dry to a gloss .
if these matting [people] are not thoroughly dispersed before application , then the varnishes or varnish stains will dry to a gloss .

Housing — regulation of estate agents
housing — regulation of estate [people]

The survey , carried out by Social and Community Planning Research , interviewed leaseholders , landlords ( ie freeholders ) , managing agents , housing advisers and solicitors .
the survey , carried out by social and community planning research , interviewed leaseholders , landlords ( ie freeholders ) , managing [people] , housing advisers and solicitors .

Leaseholders were found to have experienced a variety of problems with the management of their block , including failure on the landlord 's part to carry out repairs , too little or excessive refurbishment , estimates ‘ rigged ’ by landlords or managing agents , failure to consult leaseholders and difficulty in obtaining information about accounts and insurance .
leaseholders were found to have experienced a variety of problems with the management of their block , including failure on the landlord 's part to carry out repairs , too little or excessive refurbishment , estimates ‘ rigged ’ by landlords or managing [people] , failure to consult leaseholders and difficulty in obtaining information about accounts and insurance .

Furthermore , landlords and managing agents were said to use a range of ‘ sharp practices ’ to circumvent the law or to stop or reduce the likelihood of tenants taking legal action .
furthermore , landlords and managing [people] were said to use a range of ‘ sharp practices ’ to circumvent the law or to stop or reduce the likelihood of tenants taking legal action .

Edward Leigh , Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Industry and Consumer Affairs , has announced the introduction of improved protection for consumers from unscrupulous estate agents .
edward leigh , parliamentary under-secretary of state for industry and consumer affairs , has announced the introduction of improved protection for consumers from unscrupulous estate [people] .

Estate agents will now have to give consumers more information , with specific requirements to write to clients informing them of services they intend to offer to prospective purchasers , and to explain in writing terms such as ‘ sole agency ’ , ‘ ready , willing and able ’ , and ‘ sole selling rights ’ .
estate [people] will now have to give consumers more information , with specific requirements to write to clients informing them of services they intend to offer to prospective purchasers , and to explain in writing terms such as ‘ sole agency ’ , ‘ ready , willing and able ’ , and ‘ sole selling rights ’ .

Here , in a room even estate agents would have difficulty describing as anything other than small , 20 people clung to the perimeter walls as a man with a Chris Waddle haircut hammered out some old rock cliches .
here , in a room even estate [people] would have difficulty describing as anything other than small , 20 people clung to the perimeter walls as a man with a chris waddle haircut hammered out some old rock cliches .

An implement was used by mothers — apparently the main punishment agents — on 15 per cent of boys and 3 per cent of girls .
an implement was used by mothers — apparently the main punishment [people] — on 15 per cent of boys and 3 per cent of girls .

And , although the Supreme Court upheld testing of customs agents , a few members of the bench doubted that a drug-imbibing agent would be deterred by a test if he was not already fearful , as one put it , that he ‘ may be shot dead in unequal combat with unimpaired smugglers .
and , although the supreme court upheld testing of customs [people] , a few members of the bench doubted that a drug-imbibing agent would be deterred by a test if he was not already fearful , as one put it , that he ‘ may be shot dead in unequal combat with unimpaired smugglers .

Lloyd 's is insisting underwriters must join the market association for the class of business they undertake , but quality policing will fall on the shoulders of managing agents .
lloyd 's is insisting underwriters must join the market association for the class of business they undertake , but quality policing will fall on the shoulders of managing [people] .

Agents , who are responsible for the underwriting syndicates , will be compelled to inform investors specifically about the type of business being handled and underwriters will be obliged to join the market association responsible for any class of insurance written .
[people] , who are responsible for the underwriting syndicates , will be compelled to inform investors specifically about the type of business being handled and underwriters will be obliged to join the market association responsible for any class of insurance written .

These agents ‘ were to induce Soviet citizens to collaborate in the delivery of narcotics , arms and other instruments of subversion into Soviet territory .
these [people] ‘ were to induce soviet citizens to collaborate in the delivery of narcotics , arms and other instruments of subversion into soviet territory .

An arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain Azimov ’ who was alleged to have been recruited by Bashir 's agents .
an arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain azimov ’ who was alleged to have been recruited by bashir 's [people] .

The security apparatus , known as Stasi by the people who feared it , is on its last legs after 39 years of running agents , snooping on dissidents and harassing critics of the ruling Communist party .
the security apparatus , known as stasi by the people who feared it , is on its last legs after 39 years of running [people] , snooping on dissidents and harassing critics of the ruling communist party .

These agents ‘ were to induce Soviet citizens to collaborate in the delivery of narcotics , arms and other instruments of subversion into Soviet territory .
these [people] ‘ were to induce soviet citizens to collaborate in the delivery of narcotics , arms and other instruments of subversion into soviet territory .

An arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain Azimov ’ who was alleged to have been recruited by Bashir 's agents .
an arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain azimov ’ who was alleged to have been recruited by bashir 's [people] .

Lloyd 's is insisting underwriters must join the market association for the class of business they undertake , but quality policing will fall on the shoulders of managing agents .
lloyd 's is insisting underwriters must join the market association for the class of business they undertake , but quality policing will fall on the shoulders of managing [people] .

Agents , who are responsible for the underwriting syndicates , will be compelled to inform investors specifically about the type of business being handled and underwriters will be obliged to join the market association responsible for any class of insurance written .
[people] , who are responsible for the underwriting syndicates , will be compelled to inform investors specifically about the type of business being handled and underwriters will be obliged to join the market association responsible for any class of insurance written .

The report recommends relaxation of the ban on police acting as agents provocateurs to permit US-style ‘ sting ’ operations to trap traffickers .
the report recommends relaxation of the ban on police acting as [people] provocateurs to permit us-style ‘ sting ’ operations to trap traffickers .

Its president , Mr David Ward , said : ‘ We have secured , first , a modern framework giving solicitors rights of audience and , second , stronger controls to protect home buyers if estate agents and big financial institutions provide conveyancing . ’
its president , mr david ward , said : ‘ we have secured , first , a modern framework giving solicitors rights of audience and , second , stronger controls to protect home buyers if estate [people] and big financial institutions provide conveyancing . ’

Out of season , he fished by himself , selling his catch on the quayside to the fish agents and passers-by .
out of season , he fished by himself , selling his catch on the quayside to the fish [people] and passers-by .

Estate agents too might welcome copies .
estate [people] too might welcome copies .

Almost as an off-shoot to lending children good books from their libraries many schools are now acting as agents in selling popular titles .
almost as an off-shoot to lending children good books from their libraries many schools are now acting as [people] in selling popular titles .

Parents that move into a new area will often ask estate agents about schools in the neighbourhood .
parents that move into a new area will often ask estate [people] about schools in the neighbourhood .

In the guise of travelling labourers they were sent to Wokingham Fair as undercover agents .
in the guise of travelling labourers they were sent to wokingham fair as undercover [people] .

One idea is to encapsulate the haemoglobin in spherical structures of fatty material called liposomes , or to cross-link it with chemical agents .
one idea is to encapsulate the haemoglobin in spherical structures of fatty material called liposomes , or to cross-link it with chemical [people] .

No other country enjoys such a network of unofficial agents .
no other country enjoys such a network of unofficial [people] .

Following the Sowan affair the Foreign Office expelled the five-man team of Mossad agents that Britain had permitted to work unofficially in London .
following the sowan affair the foreign office expelled the five-man team of mossad [people] that britain had permitted to work unofficially in london .

He had turned captured Russian officers and allowed them to ‘ escape ’ and make their way back to Russia where they became his agents .
he had turned captured russian officers and allowed them to ‘ escape ’ and make their way back to russia where they became his [people] .

Between 1955 and 1959 Blake betrayed numerous agents in the East .
between 1955 and 1959 blake betrayed numerous [people] in the east .

Brown proceeded to tell Pincher the government 's version of events including the allegation that Blake had betrayed over 40 British agents , hence the claim was born that Blake was sentenced to one year in prison for every agent .
brown proceeded to tell pincher the government 's version of events including the allegation that blake had betrayed over 40 british [people] , hence the claim was born that blake was sentenced to one year in prison for every agent .

Lyalin said his personal task was to destroy the early-warning radar station at Fylingdales while other agents would flood the London underground system .
lyalin said his personal task was to destroy the early-warning radar station at fylingdales while other [people] would flood the london underground system .

Suddenly all the political quarrels were forgotten and the French people decided that France 's honour was at stake and the two agents were not terrorists but national heroes .
suddenly all the political quarrels were forgotten and the french people decided that france 's honour was at stake and the two [people] were not terrorists but national heroes .

Encouraged by its success and well informed by his agents in France of the increasing unpopularity of the July Monarchy , the Prince decided in the summer of 1840 on a second attempt to seize his inheritance .
encouraged by its success and well informed by his [people] in france of the increasing unpopularity of the july monarchy , the prince decided in the summer of 1840 on a second attempt to seize his inheritance .

Pearce argues that two catalysts , the church and the revolutionary organisations , encouraged the movement to rebel and support the guerrillas in the civil war , but she stresses that these acted as catalysts rather than agents .
pearce argues that two catalysts , the church and the revolutionary organisations , encouraged the movement to rebel and support the guerrillas in the civil war , but she stresses that these acted as catalysts rather than [people] .

Social classes as agents of change
social classes as [people] of change

In the analysis of change , the various theorists have focused on different agents of change , which are often social classes .
in the analysis of change , the various theorists have focused on different [people] of change , which are often social classes .

Rashid Solh , the prime minister , spoke darkly of the arrival in Lebanon of several hundred Israeli agents provocateurs whose mission was to destroy the republic .
rashid solh , the prime minister , spoke darkly of the arrival in lebanon of several hundred israeli [people] provocateurs whose mission was to destroy the republic .

But if anarchists are right to think that it can never be made , this is for contingent reasons and not because of any inconsistency in the notion of a rational justification for authority , nor in the notion of authority over moral agents .
but if anarchists are right to think that it can never be made , this is for contingent reasons and not because of any inconsistency in the notion of a rational justification for authority , nor in the notion of authority over moral [people] .

But , even with this emphasis , an emerging nationalism could provide the medium for many class conflicts — for example , between Ukrainian peasants and Russian or Polish landlords and Jewish land agents and tax collectors ; between Tatar workers and Russian employers , between Baku Muslim oil workers and Christian oil magnates ( Armenian , Russian , Swedish , Georgian ) .
but , even with this emphasis , an emerging nationalism could provide the medium for many class conflicts — for example , between ukrainian peasants and russian or polish landlords and jewish land [people] and tax collectors ; between tatar workers and russian employers , between baku muslim oil workers and christian oil magnates ( armenian , russian , swedish , georgian ) .

In Petrograd , the Kadets accused the Rada of being agents of the Germans , and the newspaper of the Soviet , Izvestia , proclaimed :
in petrograd , the kadets accused the rada of being [people] of the germans , and the newspaper of the soviet , izvestia , proclaimed :

It sees the police as powerful agents , people who are discriminatory in their exercise of might , and whose every action needs to be checked and controlled at every turn .
it sees the police as powerful [people] , people who are discriminatory in their exercise of might , and whose every action needs to be checked and controlled at every turn .

Furthermore … such notification might serve to reveal the working methods and fields of operation of the intelligence services and even possibly to identify their agents .
furthermore … such notification might serve to reveal the working methods and fields of operation of the intelligence services and even possibly to identify their [people] .

Indeed the decision in Malone is an indication of the extent to which the British courts are willing to tolerate major invasions of civil liberties without any express authority vested in state agents .
indeed the decision in malone is an indication of the extent to which the british courts are willing to tolerate major invasions of civil liberties without any express authority vested in state [people] .

In order to understand how embryos develop , it is necessary to do experiments on the embryo itself , which may involve opening chicken eggs and observing their development as Aristotle did , grafting parts from one region to another , or adding specific chemical agents to observe their effects .
in order to understand how embryos develop , it is necessary to do experiments on the embryo itself , which may involve opening chicken eggs and observing their development as aristotle did , grafting parts from one region to another , or adding specific chemical [people] to observe their effects .

Recently , the inducing chemical agents from the vegetal region have been identified and if added at very low doses to isolated animal caps , muscle will develop .
recently , the inducing chemical [people] from the vegetal region have been identified and if added at very low doses to isolated animal caps , muscle will develop .

The clay tile and its descendant , the plastic pipe , were to take their place alongside the plough and the axe as among the major agents in the settlement of England .
the clay tile and its descendant , the plastic pipe , were to take their place alongside the plough and the axe as among the major [people] in the settlement of england .

Although some remarkably conservation-conscious agents exist , it is generally true to say that land-agents have played , and continue to play , a significant role in hastening the destruction of the English landscape by intensive agriculture .
although some remarkably conservation-conscious [people] exist , it is generally true to say that land-agents have played , and continue to play , a significant role in hastening the destruction of the english landscape by intensive agriculture .

Land-agents and estate agents passing through at the brief moment of negotiation are likely to be more exclusively dominated by the money motive .
land-agents and estate [people] passing through at the brief moment of negotiation are likely to be more exclusively dominated by the money motive .

One look at the fee scale by which agents are paid quickly explains why this situation exists .
one look at the fee scale by which [people] are paid quickly explains why this situation exists .

The scale set by the Inland Revenue and the law for agents dealing with public authorities is known as Ryde 's Scale , and was amended in 1984 by the ‘ Revised Annex to Ryde 's Scale ’ .
the scale set by the inland revenue and the law for [people] dealing with public authorities is known as ryde 's scale , and was amended in 1984 by the ‘ revised annex to ryde 's scale ’ .

In all these streets , thick with lime trees , estate agents ' boards and large , clean cars , there were no people to be seen at all .
in all these streets , thick with lime trees , estate [people] ' boards and large , clean cars , there were no people to be seen at all .

The scheme is aimed at straightforward disputes ; it does not cover sharp practice or dishonesty by agents , and it is limited to England and Wales .
the scheme is aimed at straightforward disputes ; it does not cover sharp practice or dishonesty by [people] , and it is limited to england and wales .

You will also need to check the measurements of rooms , which are usually inaccurate in agents ' particulars .
you will also need to check the measurements of rooms , which are usually inaccurate in [people] ' particulars .

It is surprising how frank agents can be sometimes — after all , whatever their clients want , the agents want a quick sale .
it is surprising how frank [people] can be sometimes — after all , whatever their clients want , the [people] want a quick sale .

Almost a quarter of the people questioned by the Consumers , Association were positively dissatisfied with the service provided by estate agents .
almost a quarter of the people questioned by the consumers , association were positively dissatisfied with the service provided by estate [people] .

Nearly half of those questioned — all of whom had bought or sold property within the past eighteen months — had some complaint , the most common being that agents charged too much and were inefficient or indifferent .
nearly half of those questioned — all of whom had bought or sold property within the past eighteen months — had some complaint , the most common being that [people] charged too much and were inefficient or indifferent .

’ , showed that the great majority of people still used estate agents although there was widespread dissatisfaction with the system .
’ , showed that the great majority of people still used estate [people] although there was widespread dissatisfaction with the system .

According to the survey , agents frequently overestimate the size of rooms .
according to the survey , [people] frequently overestimate the size of rooms .

Make a list of the agents in your area .
make a list of the [people] in your area .

It is therefore necessary when conducting a survey of a flat to examine the lease to see what each owner is liable to pay for the upkeep of the building as a whole , to cross-question the managing agents on foreseeable charges , and to make some assessment of the state of the structure as a whole by looking in the roof space , checking for cracks in halls , staircases , basements and external walls .
it is therefore necessary when conducting a survey of a flat to examine the lease to see what each owner is liable to pay for the upkeep of the building as a whole , to cross-question the managing [people] on foreseeable charges , and to make some assessment of the state of the structure as a whole by looking in the roof space , checking for cracks in halls , staircases , basements and external walls .

Rivalry persisted through the 1860s and '70s and in 1881 Gaze produced a pamphlet which claimed that certain companies were apt to ‘ monopolise powers which are the property of all Tourist Agents , and in the development of which we ourselves have borne so important a part ’ .
rivalry persisted through the 1860s and '70s and in 1881 gaze produced a pamphlet which claimed that certain companies were apt to ‘ monopolise powers which are the property of all tourist [people] , and in the development of which we ourselves have borne so important a part ’ .

For some the trend of the 1990s is to move away from package holidays towards the individual tour where travel agents help the client to arrange a personal itinerary .
for some the trend of the 1990s is to move away from package holidays towards the individual tour where travel [people] help the client to arrange a personal itinerary .

Inset Cooks were agents for all the major shipping lines .
inset cooks were [people] for all the major shipping lines .

Opposite Shipping lines and their agents advertised throughout the nineteenth century and the first half of the twentieth century .
opposite shipping lines and their [people] advertised throughout the nineteenth century and the first half of the twentieth century .

Cooks also published a far-sighted brochure in 1919 Aerial Travel for Business or Pleasure and by 1921 they were acting as agents for eighteen air companies .
cooks also published a far-sighted brochure in 1919 aerial travel for business or pleasure and by 1921 they were acting as [people] for eighteen air companies .

Smugglers , drug addicts and couriers were frequent travellers , and if all the stories are to be believed the train carried every spy from the notorious Mata Hari to the faceless agents of the cold war .
smugglers , drug addicts and couriers were frequent travellers , and if all the stories are to be believed the train carried every spy from the notorious mata hari to the faceless [people] of the cold war .

As we enter the 1990s American Express and Thomas Cook are still the world 's largest issuers of travellers cheques , and many savings institutions , travel agents and banks have followed their example , making the travellers cheque readily available .
as we enter the 1990s american express and thomas cook are still the world 's largest issuers of travellers cheques , and many savings institutions , travel [people] and banks have followed their example , making the travellers cheque readily available .

Travel agents are now a familiar sight in towns and cities across the world but one hundred and fifty years ago there were very few .
travel [people] are now a familiar sight in towns and cities across the world but one hundred and fifty years ago there were very few .

Travel wholesaling is common practice today but Cooks pioneered it so successfully that they were issuing printed standard contracts to their agents by 1884 .
travel wholesaling is common practice today but cooks pioneered it so successfully that they were issuing printed standard contracts to their [people] by 1884 .

The idea really took off in America where , by the 1890s , Brownells , a large tour operator , relied on local travel agents throughout the United States to sell their tours .
the idea really took off in america where , by the 1890s , brownells , a large tour operator , relied on local travel [people] throughout the united states to sell their tours .

‘ All part of the service ’ was a phrase open to generous interpretation by early travel agents .
‘ all part of the service ’ was a phrase open to generous interpretation by early travel [people] .

Affairs of the heart are not unknown to travel agents in the 1990s either : in the middle of a recent travel consultation a young man proposed to his girlfriend and the travel consultant was asked to arrange the wedding in Mauritius .
affairs of the heart are not unknown to travel [people] in the 1990s either : in the middle of a recent travel consultation a young man proposed to his girlfriend and the travel consultant was asked to arrange the wedding in mauritius .

Throughout the 1960s , '70s and '80s there were many mergers , acquisitions and failures among travel agents .
throughout the 1960s , '70s and '80s there were many mergers , acquisitions and failures among travel [people] .

The south coast of England was revived by estate agents from a fading , genteel holiday coastline into a supposed retirement paradise , and yet winter by the sea ( whatever the summer attractions ) can be savage .
the south coast of england was revived by estate [people] from a fading , genteel holiday coastline into a supposed retirement paradise , and yet winter by the sea ( whatever the summer attractions ) can be savage .

Looking for a house or flat means taking lots of details from estate agents and viewing properties if they take your fancy .
looking for a house or flat means taking lots of details from estate [people] and viewing properties if they take your fancy .

Solicitors/Conveyancing agents fee .
solicitors/conveyancing [people] fee .

This varies , since the introduction of registered conveyancing agents has caused solicitors to be more competitive .
this varies , since the introduction of registered conveyancing [people] has caused solicitors to be more competitive .

There were still a few small debts , persistent agents , forlorn hopes , who pestered Rab , who — on wise advice , another cheat — would only pay the house insurance .
there were still a few small debts , persistent [people] , forlorn hopes , who pestered rab , who — on wise advice , another cheat — would only pay the house insurance .

From the first day of the war the security forces went in fear of the unseen enemy : agents and provocateurs smuggled into the country under the guise of fugitives from Nazi persecution .
from the first day of the war the security forces went in fear of the unseen enemy : [people] and provocateurs smuggled into the country under the guise of fugitives from nazi persecution .

They did install agents in The Hague with instructions to guide paratroopers to the Dutch seat of government .
they did install [people] in the hague with instructions to guide paratroopers to the dutch seat of government .

He was then sent out to work , first at a toy factory in the East End of London and then at an estate agents .
he was then sent out to work , first at a toy factory in the east end of london and then at an estate [people] .

Suppose that the actual inflation rate is 10 per cent and that this has been expected by all economic agents , with the result that it has been fully accounted for in wage bargaining , in the activities of borrowing and lending and in the tax system .
suppose that the actual inflation rate is 10 per cent and that this has been expected by all economic [people] , with the result that it has been fully accounted for in wage bargaining , in the activities of borrowing and lending and in the tax system .

The problems discussed above arise even when inflation is fully anticipated by all economic agents .
the problems discussed above arise even when inflation is fully anticipated by all economic [people] .

Of course , it is normally quite impossible for all economic agents to anticipate fully the annual rise in the general price level .
of course , it is normally quite impossible for all economic [people] to anticipate fully the annual rise in the general price level .

According to this hypothesis , individuals ( and all other economic agents ) take all the information available to them into consideration in forming their inflationary expectations , not just past inflation rates .
according to this hypothesis , individuals ( and all other economic [people] ) take all the information available to them into consideration in forming their inflationary expectations , not just past inflation rates .

By delegating ‘ agents ’ ( his brothers , except Carl ) to search the markets , such as ‘ the barrows ’ in the east-end , ‘ Paddy 's ’ ( near Clyde Street ) and a few smaller ones in the south-side , two more pairs of skates were found .
by delegating ‘ [people] ’ ( his brothers , except carl ) to search the markets , such as ‘ the barrows ’ in the east-end , ‘ paddy 's ’ ( near clyde street ) and a few smaller ones in the south-side , two more pairs of skates were found .

In common with usual practice , most printing establishments acted as agents for the large firms in the country who specialised in wedding stationery .
in common with usual practice , most printing establishments acted as [people] for the large firms in the country who specialised in wedding stationery .

Protected by four , yes four , agents , the ex-presenter of Play School , Chloe Ashcroft was not to be ours .
protected by four , yes four , [people] , the ex-presenter of play school , chloe ashcroft was not to be ours .

Certain functions are administered by local authorities as agents for the Central Government when the cost is wholly reimbursed , e.g. the cost of Rent Officers .
certain functions are administered by local authorities as [people] for the central government when the cost is wholly reimbursed , e.g. the cost of rent officers .

After nomination the candidate is entitled to be present at the issue of postal ballot papers , to visit the polling stations and the candidate , the candidate 's spouse ( if any ) , and ( except in parish or community elections ) the candidate 's election agent are entitled to be present at the count together with a number of counting agents .
after nomination the candidate is entitled to be present at the issue of postal ballot papers , to visit the polling stations and the candidate , the candidate 's spouse ( if any ) , and ( except in parish or community elections ) the candidate 's election agent are entitled to be present at the count together with a number of counting [people] .

Similarly , estate agents practising in the area should avoid the Town Planning committee .
similarly , estate [people] practising in the area should avoid the town planning committee .

Estate agents nowadays confirm that the character of any building is a key element of its market value .
estate [people] nowadays confirm that the character of any building is a key element of its market value .

The Trespa TopLab has shown resistance to almost all concentrated acids , solvents , non-abrasive industrial cleaning agents and dyestuffs .
the trespa toplab has shown resistance to almost all concentrated acids , solvents , non-abrasive industrial cleaning [people] and dyestuffs .

The extraordinary commercial success of the Perkins prompted chemists everywhere to treat aniline preparations with many oxidising agents , in the hope of discovering a new aniline dyestuff .
the extraordinary commercial success of the perkins prompted chemists everywhere to treat aniline preparations with many oxidising [people] , in the hope of discovering a new aniline dyestuff .

Nicholson then observed that introducing one or more sulphonic acid residues ( Nicholson 's blue , 5 ) greatly improved the handling properties of these colouring agents .
nicholson then observed that introducing one or more sulphonic acid residues ( nicholson 's blue , 5 ) greatly improved the handling properties of these colouring [people] .

Surely polymeric surfactants , which are becoming increasingly important as dispersing agents , are worth more than the three pages devoted to them here .
surely polymeric surfactants , which are becoming increasingly important as dispersing [people] , are worth more than the three pages devoted to them here .

Similar mean blood-pressure levels were recorded in both those receiving insulin and those on diet with or without oral hypoglycaemic agents , demonstrating that hypertension in the diabetic is not particularly severe .
similar mean blood-pressure levels were recorded in both those receiving insulin and those on diet with or without oral hypoglycaemic [people] , demonstrating that hypertension in the diabetic is not particularly severe .

Recently there has been speculation that the generally disappointing effects of hypotensive drug therapy in mildly hypertensive subjects may result from the deleterious metabolic side-effects of the agents themselves Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial Research Group ( 1982 ) .
recently there has been speculation that the generally disappointing effects of hypotensive drug therapy in mildly hypertensive subjects may result from the deleterious metabolic side-effects of the [people] themselves multiple risk factor intervention trial research group ( 1982 ) .

In the majority of studies the most frequently used drugs have been thiazide diuretics and beta-blocking agents .
in the majority of studies the most frequently used drugs have been thiazide diuretics and beta-blocking [people] .

Adverse Effects of Antihypertensive Agents
adverse effects of antihypertensive [people]

Thiazide diuretic agents might adversely influence carbohydrate metabolism in several ways .
thiazide diuretic [people] might adversely influence carbohydrate metabolism in several ways .

In addition , there is some evidence that thiazide diuretic agents reduce tissue sensitivity to insulin ( Hicks et al , 1973 ) , accelerate the lack of insulin in the prediabetic subject ( Weller & Borondy , 1965 ) and possibly reduce pancreatic insulin secretion ( Shapiro et al , 1961 ) .
in addition , there is some evidence that thiazide diuretic [people] reduce tissue sensitivity to insulin ( hicks et al , 1973 ) , accelerate the lack of insulin in the prediabetic subject ( weller & borondy , 1965 ) and possibly reduce pancreatic insulin secretion ( shapiro et al , 1961 ) .

β-blockers may also adversely influence carbohydrate , lipid and lipoprotein metabolism which appears particularly pronounced with the non-cardioselective agents ( Tanaka et al , 1976 ; Wright et al , 1979 ; Leren et al , 1980 ; Day et al , 1982 ; Veterans Administration Co-operative Study Group on Hypertensive Agents , 1982 ; Bengtsson et al , 1984 ) .
β-blockers may also adversely influence carbohydrate , lipid and lipoprotein metabolism which appears particularly pronounced with the non-cardioselective [people] ( tanaka et al , 1976 ; wright et al , 1979 ; leren et al , 1980 ; day et al , 1982 ; veterans administration co-operative study group on hypertensive [people] , 1982 ; bengtsson et al , 1984 ) .

β-blocking agents may adversely influence lipid and lipoprotein levels secondary to alpha ; -adrenergic stimulation which may inhibit lipoprotein lipase activity ( Day et al , 1982 ) .
β-blocking [people] may adversely influence lipid and lipoprotein levels secondary to alpha ; -adrenergic stimulation which may inhibit lipoprotein lipase activity ( day et al , 1982 ) .

Despite such theoretical problems , a clinical study found that β-blocking agents were safe in insulin-treated diabetics ( Barnett et al , 1980 ) .
despite such theoretical problems , a clinical study found that β-blocking [people] were safe in insulin-treated diabetics ( barnett et al , 1980 ) .

In addition , these agents may aggravate cardiac failure , a common complication in the diabetic ( Garcia et al , 1974 ; Kannel & McGee , 1979 ) .
in addition , these [people] may aggravate cardiac failure , a common complication in the diabetic ( garcia et al , 1974 ; kannel & mcgee , 1979 ) .

Many of the other hypotensive agents may also have side-effects that may be especially detrimental to the diabetic and these are shown in Table 3.2 .
many of the other hypotensive [people] may also have side-effects that may be especially detrimental to the diabetic and these are shown in table 3.2 .

The latter agents may not cause abnormalities of either carbohydrate or lipid metabolism ( Donnelly & Harrower , 1980 ; Faergeman et al , 1984 ; Rodjmark & Andersson , 1984 ) , despite several case reports ( Charles et al , 1981 ; Bhatnagar et al , 1984 ) , and they may have fewer side-effects than cardioselective β-blocking drugs .
the latter [people] may not cause abnormalities of either carbohydrate or lipid metabolism ( donnelly & harrower , 1980 ; faergeman et al , 1984 ; rodjmark & andersson , 1984 ) , despite several case reports ( charles et al , 1981 ; bhatnagar et al , 1984 ) , and they may have fewer side-effects than cardioselective β-blocking drugs .

If satisfactory control of hypertension is not achieved with dietary modification and one of these agents , then they can be used in combination .
if satisfactory control of hypertension is not achieved with dietary modification and one of these [people] , then they can be used in combination .

They may be effective alone , but there needs to be caution with their introduction , especially enalapril which may cause hypotension when combined with other agents .
they may be effective alone , but there needs to be caution with their introduction , especially enalapril which may cause hypotension when combined with other [people] .

If these agents alone are not completely successful , they can be combined with other agents such as diuretics but , once again , perhaps thiazides are best avoided in diabetics and frusemide used as an alternative .
if these [people] alone are not completely successful , they can be combined with other [people] such as diuretics but , once again , perhaps thiazides are best avoided in diabetics and frusemide used as an alternative .

Alternatives to these new agents are prazosin which influences pre- and post-load , or hydralazine which influences after-load ( Breckenbridge , 1984 ) .
alternatives to these new [people] are prazosin which influences pre- and post-load , or hydralazine which influences after-load ( breckenbridge , 1984 ) .

One should attempt to withhold all conventional hypotensive agents for as long as possible as they will tend to exacerbate the postural hypotension .
one should attempt to withhold all conventional hypotensive [people] for as long as possible as they will tend to exacerbate the postural hypotension .

Thirty-nine per cent of these were insulin treated , 39 per cent were managed on oral hypoglycaemic agents and 22 per cent were not receiving treatment or following a diabetic diet .
thirty-nine per cent of these were insulin treated , 39 per cent were managed on oral hypoglycaemic [people] and 22 per cent were not receiving treatment or following a diabetic diet .

There has been recent concern with regard to the precipitation and aggravation of diabetes mellitus by thiazide diuretics ( Murphy et al , 1982 ) , and β-adrenoreceptor blocking agents and others used in the treatment of hypertension .
there has been recent concern with regard to the precipitation and aggravation of diabetes mellitus by thiazide diuretics ( murphy et al , 1982 ) , and β-adrenoreceptor blocking [people] and others used in the treatment of hypertension .

Other therapeutic agents well known to adversely affect serum lipid levels include oestrogen-containing oral contraceptives , androgens , and moderate dosage of corticosteroid therapy .
other therapeutic [people] well known to adversely affect serum lipid levels include oestrogen-containing oral contraceptives , androgens , and moderate dosage of corticosteroid therapy .

When hyperlipidaemia is identified in a diabetic subject , attention must be focussed on diabetic control , obesity , diet , alcohol intake and drugs such as thiazides or β-blocking agents .
when hyperlipidaemia is identified in a diabetic subject , attention must be focussed on diabetic control , obesity , diet , alcohol intake and drugs such as thiazides or β-blocking [people] .

Table 5.1 Platelet aggregation agents
table 5.1 platelet aggregation [people]

In nine newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetics mean β-thromboglobulin levels fell from 74 ng/ml ( range 24–177 ng/ml ) to 39 ng/ ml as treatment with diet and hypoglycaemic agents reduced mean blood glucose concentrations from 14.3 to 8.5 mmol/l .
in nine newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetics mean β-thromboglobulin levels fell from 74 ng/ml ( range 24–177 ng/ml ) to 39 ng/ ml as treatment with diet and hypoglycaemic [people] reduced mean blood glucose concentrations from 14.3 to 8.5 mmol/l .

Sulphonylureas and Other Agents
sulphonylureas and other [people]

There are a variety of sulphonylurea agents available for the therapy of diet-failed non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects , varying mainly in their half-life and mode of excretion .
there are a variety of sulphonylurea [people] available for the therapy of diet-failed non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects , varying mainly in their half-life and mode of excretion .

In addition , improved therapeutic agents with more specific and controlled effects on platelet metabolism may be developed allowing more effective intervention .
in addition , improved therapeutic [people] with more specific and controlled effects on platelet metabolism may be developed allowing more effective intervention .

Certainly two recent preliminary reports of prospective studies of currently available antiplatelet agents and the progression of vascular disease in diabetics have been disappointing ( Abraira et al , 1985 ; Kohner & Baudoin , 1985 ) .
certainly two recent preliminary reports of prospective studies of currently available antiplatelet [people] and the progression of vascular disease in diabetics have been disappointing ( abraira et al , 1985 ; kohner & baudoin , 1985 ) .

Non-insulin-dependent patients may be receiving diet alone , or diet and oral hypoglycaemic agents .
non-insulin-dependent patients may be receiving diet alone , or diet and oral hypoglycaemic [people] .

We have evidence from studies on non-diabetics that treating hypertension reduces the incidence of stroke , congestive cardiac failure and possibly myocardial infarction ( Veterans Administration Co-operative Study Group on Antihypertensive Agents , 1967,1970 ; Hypertension Detection and Follow-Up Program , 1979 ) .
we have evidence from studies on non-diabetics that treating hypertension reduces the incidence of stroke , congestive cardiac failure and possibly myocardial infarction ( veterans administration co-operative study group on antihypertensive [people] , 1967,1970 ; hypertension detection and follow-up program , 1979 ) .

The importance of diet in this group of patients is that for some diet alone will suffice , while for the rest there must be a good dietary compliance if control is to be optimal at a steady weight whether using oral agents or insulin .
the importance of diet in this group of patients is that for some diet alone will suffice , while for the rest there must be a good dietary compliance if control is to be optimal at a steady weight whether using oral [people] or insulin .

Some patients may try to starve themselves in order to avoid oral agents or insulin , and this needs to be identified immediately .
some patients may try to starve themselves in order to avoid oral [people] or insulin , and this needs to be identified immediately .

Oral agents
oral [people]

These patients may be on diet alone or diet and oral agents with records of urine results which they have continually mislaid .
these patients may be on diet alone or diet and oral [people] with records of urine results which they have continually mislaid .

The treatment of hyperlipidaemia in the diabetic patient falls into three natural stages : ( 1 ) control of the diabetes by appropriate diet and oral agents or insulin if necessary ; ( 2 ) reassessment of the diet if hyperlipidaemia persists ; ( 3 ) drug therapy only when the diabetes and the diet are right .
the treatment of hyperlipidaemia in the diabetic patient falls into three natural stages : ( 1 ) control of the diabetes by appropriate diet and oral [people] or insulin if necessary ; ( 2 ) reassessment of the diet if hyperlipidaemia persists ; ( 3 ) drug therapy only when the diabetes and the diet are right .

Some of these responsibilities were undertaken as agents of the central government Department of Transport , with agency arrangements also in force with District Councils in the corresponding administrative area .
some of these responsibilities were undertaken as [people] of the central government department of transport , with agency arrangements also in force with district councils in the corresponding administrative area .

The elimination of remaining representative elements should remove any doubt about accountability to RHAs and their status as agents of government .
the elimination of remaining representative elements should remove any doubt about accountability to rhas and their status as [people] of government .

Lilford ( 1989 ) sees the ability of the home authority to choose who receives treatment as a major benefit to be gained from the system , stating that ‘ some patients will still go without treatment , but commissioning agents will help patients with the greatest need or best prognosis .
lilford ( 1989 ) sees the ability of the home authority to choose who receives treatment as a major benefit to be gained from the system , stating that ‘ some patients will still go without treatment , but commissioning [people] will help patients with the greatest need or best prognosis .

This is particularly true of drugs that are used prophylactically , such as lipid lowering agents .
this is particularly true of drugs that are used prophylactically , such as lipid lowering [people] .

Disposing of the British agents had been an idea of his own , and killing Goldstein a positive pleasure .
disposing of the british [people] had been an idea of his own , and killing goldstein a positive pleasure .

Early departure from the Zimmerman pension had been followed by abandonment of the Richter persona , a week 's reconnaissance , and the eventual recruitment of a couple of new agents .
early departure from the zimmerman pension had been followed by abandonment of the richter persona , a week 's reconnaissance , and the eventual recruitment of a couple of new [people] .

No doubt Fouché prefers his agents sane .
no doubt fouché prefers his [people] sane .

Last June Louise Müller is appearing at Strasbourg in the same company as one of Fouché 's female agents , who makes a routine report to the effect that Louise has obtained employment in Vienna with the Schickenader Opera .
last june louise müller is appearing at strasbourg in the same company as one of fouché 's female [people] , who makes a routine report to the effect that louise has obtained employment in vienna with the schickenader opera .

Someone in the High Police — probably Fouché himself , we know he 's obsessed with intrigue — sees it as an opportunity to introduce one of his agents into Vienna .
someone in the high police — probably fouché himself , we know he 's obsessed with intrigue — sees it as an opportunity to introduce one of his [people] into vienna .

It might well assist the devious Minister for the High Police were he to learn something of Bonaparte 's future plans , reception in Austria , any little weaknesses , indiscreet comments upon the situation back in France … But why kill our agents ?
it might well assist the devious minister for the high police were he to learn something of bonaparte 's future plans , reception in austria , any little weaknesses , indiscreet comments upon the situation back in france … but why kill our [people] ?

This type of coven is usually on the borderline of satanism , and the ‘ sincere ’ members believe that the devil and his demons need them as agents to wreak havoc in the world .
this type of coven is usually on the borderline of satanism , and the ‘ sincere ’ members believe that the devil and his demons need them as [people] to wreak havoc in the world .

The agents make a pact with the devil either privately or accompanied by great ceremony during one of the main sabbats of the year .
the [people] make a pact with the devil either privately or accompanied by great ceremony during one of the main sabbats of the year .

Members of the public act as agents , taking orders for goods from family and friends .
members of the public act as [people] , taking orders for goods from family and friends .

The protection afforded by pellets has already been mentioned , and bone that is left in pellets or scats is protected from many modifying agents for as long as the pellets and scats remain intact .
the protection afforded by pellets has already been mentioned , and bone that is left in pellets or scats is protected from many modifying [people] for as long as the pellets and scats remain intact .

Behrensmeyer ( 1978 : 153 ) defines weathering as encompassing physical and chemical agents operating both on the surface and within the soil zone , but in the present work these two factors are kept separate .
behrensmeyer ( 1978 : 153 ) defines weathering as encompassing physical and chemical [people] operating both on the surface and within the soil zone , but in the present work these two factors are kept separate .

Weathering here refers only to the physical agents of sun , wind , rain and temperature change , and the effects of burial in soils ( breakage and corrosion ) will be discussed separately below .
weathering here refers only to the physical [people] of sun , wind , rain and temperature change , and the effects of burial in soils ( breakage and corrosion ) will be discussed separately below .

Taphonomy considers post-mortem modifications of the bones in order to make inferences about the modifying agents during the transition of the bones from being parts of living animals to becoming fossils .
taphonomy considers post-mortem modifications of the bones in order to make inferences about the modifying [people] during the transition of the bones from being parts of living animals to becoming fossils .

The digestive enzymes , however , do not appear to be the main agents producing bone modification , and it is the level of acidity combined with the length of time the food is in the stomach that are the main determining factors .
the digestive enzymes , however , do not appear to be the main [people] producing bone modification , and it is the level of acidity combined with the length of time the food is in the stomach that are the main determining factors .

In a recent account of these groups of mammalian predator Andrews & Evans ( 1983 ) concluded that the damage to the bone of their small mammal prey was so severe that except in rare and easily recognizable cases they could not be significant agents in the accumulation of small mammal remains .
in a recent account of these groups of mammalian predator andrews & evans ( 1983 ) concluded that the damage to the bone of their small mammal prey was so severe that except in rare and easily recognizable cases they could not be significant [people] in the accumulation of small mammal remains .

Kirkman and Hendy , the Earl of Camden 's agents , may merely have responded to the College 's advertisement , but another explanation for their involvement seems possible .
kirkman and hendy , the earl of camden 's [people] , may merely have responded to the college 's advertisement , but another explanation for their involvement seems possible .

Local groups , joined in a network , together and with St William 's and its agents , should be not only validators of priorities ; they should also become centres of influence and information in local communities , in a stronger position than ever before to influence institutional government .
local groups , joined in a network , together and with st william 's and its [people] , should be not only validators of priorities ; they should also become centres of influence and information in local communities , in a stronger position than ever before to influence institutional government .

It needs support from agents of investment , further exploitation of its special off-shore position as a base for international funds .
it needs support from [people] of investment , further exploitation of its special off-shore position as a base for international funds .

Often performance of simple washing towers can be improved by the addition of small amounts , usually 1 % weight/weight of chemical reactants , the most suitable being neutralizing agents and oxidising agents which will react with a wide range of malodorous compounds .
often performance of simple washing towers can be improved by the addition of small amounts , usually 1 % weight/weight of chemical reactants , the most suitable being neutralizing [people] and oxidising [people] which will react with a wide range of malodorous compounds .

Neutralizing agents are usually either acids or alkalis which neutralize the odorous gas on impact , so for example acidic gases such as fatty acids , sulphur dioxide , chlorine , hydrogen-chloride and sulphides and mercaptans can to some extent be neutralized by contact with sodium hydroxide or sodium carbonate ( both alkalis ) whilst weak sulphuric acid or phosphoric acid for example can be used as a neutralizing media for alkaline gases such as ammonia or amines .
neutralizing [people] are usually either acids or alkalis which neutralize the odorous gas on impact , so for example acidic gases such as fatty acids , sulphur dioxide , chlorine , hydrogen-chloride and sulphides and mercaptans can to some extent be neutralized by contact with sodium hydroxide or sodium carbonate ( both alkalis ) whilst weak sulphuric acid or phosphoric acid for example can be used as a neutralizing media for alkaline gases such as ammonia or amines .

Sodium hypochlorite , potassium permanganate , chlorine and chlorine dioxide are the most common oxidising agents added to water in scrubbing towers .
sodium hypochlorite , potassium permanganate , chlorine and chlorine dioxide are the most common oxidising [people] added to water in scrubbing towers .

Potassium permanganate has the disadvantage of producing solid manganese dioxide during the process of oxidation which can cause blockages and importantly where any of the chlorinated oxidising agents are used care needs to be taken when phenolic contaminants are present as there have been instances of chlorophenols being formed which in turn produce most obnoxious odours sometimes toxic which are extremely difficult to break down .
potassium permanganate has the disadvantage of producing solid manganese dioxide during the process of oxidation which can cause blockages and importantly where any of the chlorinated oxidising [people] are used care needs to be taken when phenolic contaminants are present as there have been instances of chlorophenols being formed which in turn produce most obnoxious odours sometimes toxic which are extremely difficult to break down .

As well as contributing to the control of industrial odour , oxidising agents are also used to alleviate farming odours which arise during the storage of slurry .
as well as contributing to the control of industrial odour , oxidising [people] are also used to alleviate farming odours which arise during the storage of slurry .

For instance , if someone knew that John and Mary always talk a lot when they go out , then that inference might be made in the face of example ( 4 ) , leading to a further set of mappings in which both John and Mary map into the same role-slot ( both are agents in a talking schema ) .
for instance , if someone knew that john and mary always talk a lot when they go out , then that inference might be made in the face of example ( 4 ) , leading to a further set of mappings in which both john and mary map into the same role-slot ( both are [people] in a talking schema ) .

And within this relationship local authorities were seen as decentralized administrative agents , acting at the behest of the centre .
and within this relationship local authorities were seen as decentralized administrative [people] , acting at the behest of the centre .

This directed attention towards the activities and values of key officials — the ‘ urban managers ’ — who , through their positions in influential institutions such as local authorities , building societies , estate agents and the like , could allocate scarce urban resources and thus influence service provision locally .
this directed attention towards the activities and values of key officials — the ‘ urban managers ’ — who , through their positions in influential institutions such as local authorities , building societies , estate [people] and the like , could allocate scarce urban resources and thus influence service provision locally .

Not only does this ignore a whole aspect of local state activity — that which opposes the centre — but it also reduces social relations between active human agents to purely functional operations .
not only does this ignore a whole aspect of local state activity — that which opposes the centre — but it also reduces social relations between active human [people] to purely functional operations .

Reviewing the arguments presented earlier , it would seem that the lack of local politics in the post-war period should not be equated with the turning of local government into mere agents of the centre ; nor should it be seen as the result of non-local structural forces promoting change on a national basis .
reviewing the arguments presented earlier , it would seem that the lack of local politics in the post-war period should not be equated with the turning of local government into mere [people] of the centre ; nor should it be seen as the result of non-local structural forces promoting change on a national basis .

Secondly , assistance and information is offered to these firms , guiding them through the planning and development process , and offering advice on a range of issues from education and housing to estate agents and government grants .
secondly , assistance and information is offered to these firms , guiding them through the planning and development process , and offering advice on a range of issues from education and housing to estate [people] and government grants .

Do n't forget simple ideas like having exhibitions of pupils ' work in local shops and libraries ; estate agents and building societies will sometimes do this too .
do n't forget simple ideas like having exhibitions of pupils ' work in local shops and libraries ; estate [people] and building societies will sometimes do this too .

‘ Ask yourself , John , a device the size of a nuclear tactical shell used by the artillery , with damage confined only to the research station , or the dissemination of some of the most deadly bacterial and viral agents the world has ever known . ’
‘ ask yourself , john , a device the size of a nuclear tactical shell used by the artillery , with damage confined only to the research station , or the dissemination of some of the most deadly bacterial and viral [people] the world has ever known . ’

The Order , when he came across its several agents down by the waterside , was civil for no doubt the same reasons .
the order , when he came across its several [people] down by the waterside , was civil for no doubt the same reasons .

first they let journalists in , then literary agents ; it would be women members next .
first they let journalists in , then literary [people] ; it would be women members next .

In fact they had unpaid bills amounting to £256,000 on which they were only able to pay 2s 9d in the pound ; their London agents , Hurst & Robinson , only managed 1s 3d on a debt of £300,000 .
in fact they had unpaid bills amounting to £256,000 on which they were only able to pay 2s 9d in the pound ; their london [people] , hurst & robinson , only managed 1s 3d on a debt of £300,000 .

Agents throughout England , Scotland and Ireland ( not , for some reason , in Wales ) undertook debt enquiries as part of the paid-for service of The Mutual Communications Society .
[people] throughout england , scotland and ireland ( not , for some reason , in wales ) undertook debt enquiries as part of the paid-for service of the mutual communications society .

What was it that the lenders had to offer potential borrowers at this time , facilities which would help solvent individuals to meet ‘ special ’ capital expenditure — buying a boat , adding a conservatory — which they did not wish to , and maybe could not , take out of an adequate income without upsetting the household budget , and many credit traders ( mostly credit brokers , agents who ‘ arranged ’ loans from moneylenders in the style of stockbrokers ) highlighted as meeting the needs of those already in debt ? In their advertising these firms represented their service as one that would relieve the anxiety of owing so much to others — borrowing from a single Peter to pay pressing Pauls ?
what was it that the lenders had to offer potential borrowers at this time , facilities which would help solvent individuals to meet ‘ special ’ capital expenditure — buying a boat , adding a conservatory — which they did not wish to , and maybe could not , take out of an adequate income without upsetting the household budget , and many credit traders ( mostly credit brokers , [people] who ‘ arranged ’ loans from moneylenders in the style of stockbrokers ) highlighted as meeting the needs of those already in debt ? in their advertising these firms represented their service as one that would relieve the anxiety of owing so much to others — borrowing from a single peter to pay pressing pauls ?

The credit card schemes were run by the banks who charged their customers — retailers , restaurants , theatres , hotels , travel agents — for the service .
the credit card schemes were run by the banks who charged their customers — retailers , restaurants , theatres , hotels , travel [people] — for the service .

According to Professor Morag Timbury of Glasgow Royal Infirmary ‘ acyclovir seems set to become one of the first effective anti-viral agents that can be given systemically in safety .
according to professor morag timbury of glasgow royal infirmary ‘ acyclovir seems set to become one of the first effective anti-viral [people] that can be given systemically in safety .

Simons has suggested that drugs preventing the fusion between the lysosome membrane and the piece of membrane surrounding entering viruses might be very effective anti-viral agents .
simons has suggested that drugs preventing the fusion between the lysosome membrane and the piece of membrane surrounding entering viruses might be very effective anti-viral [people] .

This is in contrast to most potential anti-viral agents , whose action is usually restricted to only a few of the many different types of viral agents that cause disease .
this is in contrast to most potential anti-viral [people] , whose action is usually restricted to only a few of the many different types of viral [people] that cause disease .

Since the late 1970s , scientists have hunted down potential human cancer agents , known as carcinogens , by feeding very high doses of suspect chemicals to mice and rats .
since the late 1970s , scientists have hunted down potential human cancer [people] , known as carcinogens , by feeding very high doses of suspect chemicals to mice and rats .

Results from these kind of measurements provide a basis for the design of monitoring programmes and recommendations for the safe handling of pest control agents under practical use conditions .
results from these kind of measurements provide a basis for the design of monitoring programmes and recommendations for the safe handling of pest control [people] under practical use conditions .

In the 20th century , further deposits were discovered in Alaska in Siberia and in South Africa , this last by agents of Johnson Matthey , a firm founded in the early 19th century and which now controls the South African output .
in the 20th century , further deposits were discovered in alaska in siberia and in south africa , this last by [people] of johnson matthey , a firm founded in the early 19th century and which now controls the south african output .

Indeed , Crone said in his report that ‘ … the examination of these fake specimens shed no light at all on the main question as to whether mycotoxins have been used as warfare agents in Laos or Kampuchea ’ .
indeed , crone said in his report that ‘ … the examination of these fake specimens shed no light at all on the main question as to whether mycotoxins have been used as warfare [people] in laos or kampuchea ’ .

After 10 years nothing had happened , so in 1968 the Institute of Trademarks Agents called for urgent action .
after 10 years nothing had happened , so in 1968 the institute of trademarks [people] called for urgent action .

His Experiments and Observations was avidly read by the Montgolfier brothers during their search for light permanent gases as lifting agents in 1782–83 .
his experiments and observations was avidly read by the montgolfier brothers during their search for light permanent gases as lifting [people] in 1782–83 .

Under the usual arrangement for trunk roads — those roads which are controlled by the DoT — the West Midlands County Council acted at the DoT 's agents for repairing the road .
under the usual arrangement for trunk roads — those roads which are controlled by the dot — the west midlands county council acted at the dot 's [people] for repairing the road .

The subject , when opened up , is complicated , involving peaks of light emission from nitrogen ad- or absorbed , other peaks from flavouring agents such as wintergreen and so on .
the subject , when opened up , is complicated , involving peaks of light emission from nitrogen ad- or absorbed , other peaks from flavouring [people] such as wintergreen and so on .

Yet the Laboulbeniales seem a likely group to solicit as mercenaries against our arthropod adversaries , so why have they been ignored as potential agents of biological control ?
yet the laboulbeniales seem a likely group to solicit as mercenaries against our arthropod adversaries , so why have they been ignored as potential [people] of biological control ?

The council has only ten land agents and they must formulate management agreements for any of the 3800 SSSIs in Britain .
the council has only ten land [people] and they must formulate management agreements for any of the 3800 sssis in britain .

While the move will reassure metropolitan-minded trademark agents — who feared they might have ended up dealing with an office in Wales — it will create some problems .
while the move will reassure metropolitan-minded trademark [people] — who feared they might have ended up dealing with an office in wales — it will create some problems .

And the agents are likely to rebel against time-wasting vetting every time they go to work .
and the [people] are likely to rebel against time-wasting vetting every time they go to work .

Somewhere in the corner of the vast pile of pharmacological agents available to us , is an obscure bundle of miscellaneous substances labelled ‘ tonics ’ .
somewhere in the corner of the vast pile of pharmacological [people] available to us , is an obscure bundle of miscellaneous substances labelled ‘ tonics ’ .

The roots of modern pharmacology lie in the empirical discoveries of the past century , when medical men found that single therapeutic agents could effect seemingly miraculous cures .
the roots of modern pharmacology lie in the empirical discoveries of the past century , when medical men found that single therapeutic [people] could effect seemingly miraculous cures .

Lacquer , usually with colouring agents in it , was used to decorate pots , dishes , various other sorts of containers and toilet articles such as mirrors , all usually made of wood or a textile such as hemp .
lacquer , usually with colouring [people] in it , was used to decorate pots , dishes , various other sorts of containers and toilet articles such as mirrors , all usually made of wood or a textile such as hemp .

The absence of root growth and thus of anchorage in the soil soon after the seeds have germinated reduces its expenditure of stored reserves and allows the seedling to be carried by physical agents such as wind or water .
the absence of root growth and thus of anchorage in the soil soon after the seeds have germinated reduces its expenditure of stored reserves and allows the seedling to be carried by physical [people] such as wind or water .

After which it is something of a disappointment to see that Olivetti or the firm 's advertising agents have not applied the spelling disk to the advertisement .
after which it is something of a disappointment to see that olivetti or the firm 's advertising [people] have not applied the spelling disk to the advertisement .

Solvent abuse Sniffing glue — and other agents — is often more common among children and young teenagers .
solvent abuse sniffing glue — and other [people] — is often more common among children and young teenagers .

Charles experimented with new bleaching agents and bought a bleachfield at Damley , now the site of a massive Glasgow housing estate .
charles experimented with new bleaching [people] and bought a bleachfield at damley , now the site of a massive glasgow housing estate .

By socialist accumulation we mean the addition to the functioning means of production of a surplus product which has been created within the constituted socialist economy and which does not find its way into supplementary distribution among the agents of socialist production and the socialist state , but serves for expanded reproduction .
by socialist accumulation we mean the addition to the functioning means of production of a surplus product which has been created within the constituted socialist economy and which does not find its way into supplementary distribution among the [people] of socialist production and the socialist state , but serves for expanded reproduction .

The people who thought of buying the house were still hovering , unable to make up their minds , and this entailed some dreary visits to the estate agents .
the people who thought of buying the house were still hovering , unable to make up their minds , and this entailed some dreary visits to the estate [people] .

The 1986 Financial Services Act spawned a fast-growing breed among life insurance companies — agents tempted into fraud .
the 1986 financial services act spawned a fast-growing breed among life insurance companies — [people] tempted into fraud .

Account executives at the insurer , who monitor its agents , had Wright marked down as a man with constant cash flow problems — he was always hassling them for his commission .
account executives at the insurer , who monitor its [people] , had wright marked down as a man with constant cash flow problems — he was always hassling them for his commission .

Instead some became tied agents .
instead some became tied [people] .

The life offices , for their part , saw the brokers , their traditional distribution agents , vanishing .
the life offices , for their part , saw the brokers , their traditional distribution [people] , vanishing .

Fearful that sources of business were drying up , they rushed to do deals with tied agents — 20,000 firms materialised almost overnight .
fearful that sources of business were drying up , they rushed to do deals with tied [people] — 20,000 firms materialised almost overnight .

But , as they have discovered over the past year , tied agents can be expensive and difficult groups of people to do business with .
but , as they have discovered over the past year , tied [people] can be expensive and difficult groups of people to do business with .

For the Life Assurance and Unit Trust Regulatory Organisation ( Lautro ) , the regulator charged with supervising life offices and their agents , one or two mishaps might have been regarded as the inevitable teething troubles of a new system .
for the life assurance and unit trust regulatory organisation ( lautro ) , the regulator charged with supervising life offices and their [people] , one or two mishaps might have been regarded as the inevitable teething troubles of a new system .

Yet during 1990 , the trail of crooked agents turned into a bustling queue .
yet during 1990 , the trail of crooked [people] turned into a bustling queue .

That insurer has 1,500 appointed representatives and another 1,000 tied agents pushing its policies .
that insurer has 1,500 appointed representatives and another 1,000 tied [people] pushing its policies .

In February it publicly reprimanded the insurer for failing to be tough enough with its agents .
in february it publicly reprimanded the insurer for failing to be tough enough with its [people] .

Mike Abrahams , chief enforcement officer at Lautro and the man most involved in regulating tied agents , is dismayed by life companies ' attitudes .
mike abrahams , chief enforcement officer at lautro and the man most involved in regulating tied [people] , is dismayed by life companies ' attitudes .

One is to tighten the screws by making life offices liable for losses suffered by investors on financial dealings with their agents .
one is to tighten the screws by making life offices liable for losses suffered by investors on financial dealings with their [people] .

Fresh herbs , and green leafy vegetables , such as spinach and ‘ greens ’ , are also recommended as they contain anti-fungal agents .
fresh herbs , and green leafy vegetables , such as spinach and ‘ greens ’ , are also recommended as they contain anti-fungal [people] .

Associate audits of companies that act as agents , suppliers or contractors .
associate audits of companies that act as [people] , suppliers or contractors .

The study , which includes flame retardants , antioxidants , heat stabilisers , light stabilisers , colorants and blowing agents , forecasts an 18 per cent growth over the five year period with sales rising from $1200m in 1991 to $1300m in 1996 .
the study , which includes flame retardants , antioxidants , heat stabilisers , light stabilisers , colorants and blowing [people] , forecasts an 18 per cent growth over the five year period with sales rising from $1200m in 1991 to $1300m in 1996 .

These are made using a dough moulding process , rather than injection moulding , in which powdered poly- ( methylmethacrylate ) , obtained by emulsion polymerisation , is mixed with the methyl methacrylate monomer and cross-linking agents .
these are made using a dough moulding process , rather than injection moulding , in which powdered poly- ( methylmethacrylate ) , obtained by emulsion polymerisation , is mixed with the methyl methacrylate monomer and cross-linking [people] .

The successful dentine bonding agents have one thing in common : they are more like welds than the simple bonds between two substrates in which the adhesive is present only as an almost monomolecular layer .
the successful dentine bonding [people] have one thing in common : they are more like welds than the simple bonds between two substrates in which the adhesive is present only as an almost monomolecular layer .

Scleral buckling agents
scleral buckling [people]

Senior Citizen Railcard holders can obtain concessions on Golden Rail Holidays , brochures for which are available from railway stations or travel agents , and can also purchase a Rail Europe Senior Card from British Rail , which entitles holders to discounts of up to 50 per cent on Continental rail travel .
senior citizen railcard holders can obtain concessions on golden rail holidays , brochures for which are available from railway stations or travel [people] , and can also purchase a rail europe senior card from british rail , which entitles holders to discounts of up to 50 per cent on continental rail travel .

Two-twenty-five found me on the steps of a slightly crumbling mansion in what the Estate Agents would call a highly desirable residential area .
two-twenty-five found me on the steps of a slightly crumbling mansion in what the estate [people] would call a highly desirable residential area .

The stereotypical views held by agents of social control will tend to suggest that women are less delinquent and crime-prone than men , that they are not ‘ real ’ criminals .
the stereotypical views held by [people] of social control will tend to suggest that women are less delinquent and crime-prone than men , that they are not ‘ real ’ criminals .

However , it has also been argued that women are discriminated against by the agents of the law , just as they are in other areas of life .
however , it has also been argued that women are discriminated against by the [people] of the law , just as they are in other areas of life .

On this basis he maintains that these adults should not be seen ‘ as agents of social control repressing the young — as reductionist social history might suggest — but as agents of socialization preparing them for their future roles as citizens in a society to which most adolescents gave unthinking and willing allegiance ’ .
on this basis he maintains that these adults should not be seen ‘ as [people] of social control repressing the young — as reductionist social history might suggest — but as [people] of socialization preparing them for their future roles as citizens in a society to which most adolescents gave unthinking and willing allegiance ’ .

No one disputes that agents of socialization were hard at work on working-class adolescents .
no one disputes that [people] of socialization were hard at work on working-class adolescents .

The important questions , and those which suggest exploitation and repression , are those which ask , who gave these agents their authority ?
the important questions , and those which suggest exploitation and repression , are those which ask , who gave these [people] their authority ?

In the case of ecclesiastical property this may be done through the church authorities ; in the case of other buildings it will be possible to consult with the agents who handled the commercial matters concerned ; these can be identified by consultation with the local authority .
in the case of ecclesiastical property this may be done through the church authorities ; in the case of other buildings it will be possible to consult with the [people] who handled the commercial matters concerned ; these can be identified by consultation with the local authority .

During the same series of school strikes , the Guatemalan newspaper El Gráfico reported that students at the Instituto Normal Central para Varones ( Central Boys ' School ) had been taken into their school by security agents and severely beaten .
during the same series of school strikes , the guatemalan newspaper el gráfico reported that students at the instituto normal central para varones ( central boys ' school ) had been taken into their school by security [people] and severely beaten .

Their training and the pressure to conform to state rules and regulations have over the years made them appear to their pupils , and many parents , as agents of the regime .
their training and the pressure to conform to state rules and regulations have over the years made them appear to their pupils , and many parents , as [people] of the regime .

Confers new planning controls in respect of Sites of Special Scientific Interest , and extends the concept of management agreements between authorities and land owners and agents .
confers new planning controls in respect of sites of special scientific interest , and extends the concept of management agreements between authorities and land owners and [people] .

Brown and Harris ( 1978 ) argue that the factors which lead to depression in women are of two types : some actually provoke the onset of depression ( provoking agents ) while others make women more vulnerable to the operation of provoking agents ( vulnerability factors ) .
brown and harris ( 1978 ) argue that the factors which lead to depression in women are of two types : some actually provoke the onset of depression ( provoking [people] ) while others make women more vulnerable to the operation of provoking [people] ( vulnerability factors ) .

In a random sample of women in Camberwell , the researchers found the following relationships between provoking agents and depression , first among a sample of women who were vulnerable and secondly among a sample of women who were not .
in a random sample of women in camberwell , the researchers found the following relationships between provoking [people] and depression , first among a sample of women who were vulnerable and secondly among a sample of women who were not .

The authors ' argument may be put more technically now : they suggested that there was an interaction in the effect that certain provoking agents had upon the risk of clinical depression ; these agents operated much more strongly on women who were in a vulnerable condition than on those who were not .
the authors ' argument may be put more technically now : they suggested that there was an interaction in the effect that certain provoking [people] had upon the risk of clinical depression ; these [people] operated much more strongly on women who were in a vulnerable condition than on those who were not .

As in the case of developed countries ( section 6.2.2 ) , the major agents of soil erosion are wind and water , the efficiency of which depends on many other factors such as angle of slope , land-use and vegetation cover ( see Fig .
as in the case of developed countries ( section 6.2.2 ) , the major [people] of soil erosion are wind and water , the efficiency of which depends on many other factors such as angle of slope , land-use and vegetation cover ( see fig .

While both exploitation and management are agents of environmental change , the latter is overtly conservational in nature because the objective is optimum return on a long-term basis .
while both exploitation and management are [people] of environmental change , the latter is overtly conservational in nature because the objective is optimum return on a long-term basis .

As Table 8.2 shows , there are many silvicultural techniques that can improve productivity ; all influence the structure of forests and are thus agents of environmental change .
as table 8.2 shows , there are many silvicultural techniques that can improve productivity ; all influence the structure of forests and are thus [people] of environmental change .

Both afforestation and reforestation are agents of environmental change , affecting not only the floral elements of the environment but also the faunal elements and earth surface systems of water , sediment and nutrient transfer .
both afforestation and reforestation are [people] of environmental change , affecting not only the floral elements of the environment but also the faunal elements and earth surface systems of water , sediment and nutrient transfer .

As these examples illustrate , both plantation forestry and agroforestry are significant agents of environmental change .
as these examples illustrate , both plantation forestry and agroforestry are significant [people] of environmental change .

Some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .
some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major [people] of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .

Pickett ( 1988 ) , for example , has discussed the role of biological agents as components of crop-protection strategies which involve the use of pyrethroid insecticides ( section 6.2.3 ) .
pickett ( 1988 ) , for example , has discussed the role of biological [people] as components of crop-protection strategies which involve the use of pyrethroid insecticides ( section 6.2.3 ) .

Among the possibilities is the use of semiochemicals ( behaviour-controlling chemicals ) , such as insect pheromones , to encourage the efficacy of biological control agents like fungal pathogens by ensuring closer contact between the target insect and the latter .
among the possibilities is the use of semiochemicals ( behaviour-controlling chemicals ) , such as insect pheromones , to encourage the efficacy of biological control [people] like fungal pathogens by ensuring closer contact between the target insect and the latter .

These are just a few examples of the use of modern biological control agents , though as Jutsum ( 1988 ) points out , the commercial value of these is currently less than 1 per cent of the global market value of crop-protection and public health agents ( mainly chemicals ) which currently amounts to $ 16 000 million annually .
these are just a few examples of the use of modern biological control [people] , though as jutsum ( 1988 ) points out , the commercial value of these is currently less than 1 per cent of the global market value of crop-protection and public health [people] ( mainly chemicals ) which currently amounts to $ 16 000 million annually .

There is also considerable potential for the development of novel biological control agents by genetic engineering .
there is also considerable potential for the development of novel biological control [people] by genetic engineering .

Bacteria , along with fungi , are well established as agents of decomposition in soils wherein they break down organic matter to release carbon dioxide and nitrogenous compounds .
bacteria , along with fungi , are well established as [people] of decomposition in soils wherein they break down organic matter to release carbon dioxide and nitrogenous compounds .

Although Hampden Babylon will be distrusted by managers , administrators , footballers and agents , it has been written from inside football .
although hampden babylon will be distrusted by managers , administrators , footballers and [people] , it has been written from inside football .

No one had the foresight to tell Charlie Nicholas , the young Glaswegian in a white leather suit , about a species infinitely more troublesome than rent-boy racketeers : cockney football agents with their eye on the main chance .
no one had the foresight to tell charlie nicholas , the young glaswegian in a white leather suit , about a species infinitely more troublesome than rent-boy racketeers : cockney football [people] with their eye on the main chance .

In his career , Nicholas has had more agents than Rangers Pools .
in his career , nicholas has had more [people] than rangers pools .

In an era of sponsorship , personal endorsement and a volatile transfer market , it is not surprising that footballers — some of whom are incapable of managing their own toilet-bag — should turn to specialist agents .
in an era of sponsorship , personal endorsement and a volatile transfer market , it is not surprising that footballers — some of whom are incapable of managing their own toilet-bag — should turn to specialist [people] .

But agents are by their nature controversial .
but [people] are by their nature controversial .

But this was the hanging gardens of Hampden Babylon , the land where agents rule , books do n't balance and credit cards are cut up in front of your eyes .
but this was the hanging gardens of hampden babylon , the land where [people] rule , books do n't balance and credit cards are cut up in front of your eyes .

CFCs have two major uses : as foam-blowing agents in plastics used for insulation and as refrigerants .
cfcs have two major uses : as foam-blowing [people] in plastics used for insulation and as refrigerants .

For example , optical brightening agents for that ‘ whiter than white look ’ , bleaches , perfumes for freshness , and fillers which add bulk and prevent other ingredients from sticking to each other .
for example , optical brightening [people] for that ‘ whiter than white look ’ , bleaches , perfumes for freshness , and fillers which add bulk and prevent other ingredients from sticking to each other .

Agents which destroy organisms are called disinfectants or antimicrobial agents , and they are physical or chemical in nature .
[people] which destroy organisms are called disinfectants or antimicrobial [people] , and they are physical or chemical in nature .

Apart from specific anatomical and physiological disabilities which may make it less easy for the individual to maintain safety , there are many external agents in the environment which can cause injury and disease .
apart from specific anatomical and physiological disabilities which may make it less easy for the individual to maintain safety , there are many external [people] in the environment which can cause injury and disease .

The intact skin acts as a barrier between the internal and the external environment which contains many potentially harmful agents .
the intact skin acts as a barrier between the internal and the external environment which contains many potentially harmful [people] .

Hans Selye , who pioneered the stress concept in the 1950s , concluded that stress was the wear and tear on the body in response to stressful agents .
hans selye , who pioneered the stress concept in the 1950s , concluded that stress was the wear and tear on the body in response to stressful [people] .

The bacterial flora of the hands are similar to other skin sites but hands are of special significance in the transmission of infectious agents and the most important site of contamination .
the bacterial flora of the hands are similar to other skin sites but hands are of special significance in the transmission of infectious [people] and the most important site of contamination .

Nevertheless , no amount of sterile packs and antiseptic agents will protect a patient from a staff member who has contaminated hands .
nevertheless , no amount of sterile packs and antiseptic [people] will protect a patient from a staff member who has contaminated hands .

Other high-risk patients are those undergoing therapy with immunosuppressive agents , anti-cancer drugs and steroids .
other high-risk patients are those undergoing therapy with immunosuppressive [people] , anti-cancer drugs and steroids .

Many of these seemingly contradictory properties of the agents are related to dose .
many of these seemingly contradictory properties of the [people] are related to dose .

In each , the role of parents and teachers as agents of change is vigorous and profound , although not sovereign and exclusive .
in each , the role of parents and teachers as [people] of change is vigorous and profound , although not sovereign and exclusive .

Genes and peers do not supplant adult agents , including parents , grandparents , aunts , uncles , family friends , and teachers .
genes and peers do not supplant adult [people] , including parents , grandparents , aunts , uncles , family friends , and teachers .

Instead , children are active agents , contributing to the creation of their own thought processes by collaborating with more experienced cultural members in meaningful activities .
instead , children are active [people] , contributing to the creation of their own thought processes by collaborating with more experienced cultural members in meaningful activities .

Although adverse cultural trends have complicated and threatened good child rearing , parents—as agents of change , buffers against stressful life circumstances , and gatekeepers of learning opportunities—can do much to protect , restore , and reshape children ’ s experiences .
although adverse cultural trends have complicated and threatened good child rearing , parents—as [people] of change , buffers against stressful life circumstances , and gatekeepers of learning opportunities—can do much to protect , restore , and reshape children ’ s experiences .

Vygotsky ’ s theory tells us that adults are active agents in children ’ s social development .
vygotsky ’ s theory tells us that adults are active [people] in children ’ s social development .

The traditional contractor shop and small enterprise will have a smaller and even less secure role unless linked to sophisticated intermediary agents in the channel .
the traditional contractor shop and small enterprise will have a smaller and even less secure role unless linked to sophisticated intermediary [people] in the channel .

Should we look to the people who wrote the document , to the majority who voted for it , to the states who ratified it , or to the “ people ” as a whole for whom these various democratic agents acted ?
should we look to the people who wrote the document , to the majority who voted for it , to the states who ratified it , or to the “ people ” as a whole for whom these various democratic [people] acted ?

This , I regret to say , is the best reconstruction I can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated ; namely , why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by .
this , i regret to say , is the best reconstruction i can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated ; namely , why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the [people] who bequeathed to us the words we live by .

The particular persons who enforced the color bar at trains , inns , and theaters were not agents of the state .
the particular persons who enforced the color bar at trains , inns , and theaters were not [people] of the state .

Call the bacterium , paramecium , and us humans “ autonomous agents , ” able to act on our own behalf in an environment .
call the bacterium , paramecium , and us humans “ autonomous [people] , ” able to act on our own behalf in an environment .

Make no mistake , we autonomous agents mutually construct our biosphere , even as we coevolve in it .
make no mistake , we autonomous [people] mutually construct our biosphere , even as we coevolve in it .

The biosphere got itself constructed by the emergence and persistent coevolution of autonomous agents .
the biosphere got itself constructed by the emergence and persistent coevolution of autonomous [people] .

To roughly state the candidate law , I suspect that biospheres maximize the average secular construction of the diversity of autonomous agents and the ways those agents can make a living to propagate further .
to roughly state the candidate law , i suspect that biospheres maximize the average secular construction of the diversity of autonomous [people] and the ways those [people] can make a living to propagate further .

Thus , the enterprise of Investigations soon began to center on the character of the autonomous agents whose coevolution constructs a biosphere .
thus , the enterprise of investigations soon began to center on the character of the autonomous [people] whose coevolution constructs a biosphere .

I was gradually led to a labyrinth of issues concerning the core features of autonomous agents able to manipulate the world on their own behalf .
i was gradually led to a labyrinth of issues concerning the core features of autonomous [people] able to manipulate the world on their own behalf .

What is happening in a biosphere is that autonomous agents are coconstructing and propagating organizations of work , of constraint construction , and of task completion that continue to propagate and proliferate diversifying organization .
what is happening in a biosphere is that autonomous [people] are coconstructing and propagating organizations of work , of constraint construction , and of task completion that continue to propagate and proliferate diversifying organization .

All free-living cells and organisms are clearly autonomous agents .
all free-living cells and organisms are clearly autonomous [people] .

The quite familiar , utterly astonishing feature of autonomous agents = E. coli , paramecia , yeast cells , algae , sponges , flat worms , annelids , all of us = is that we do , everyday , manipulate the universe around us .
the quite familiar , utterly astonishing feature of autonomous [people] = e. coli , paramecia , yeast cells , algae , sponges , flat worms , annelids , all of us = is that we do , everyday , manipulate the universe around us .

All free-living cells are , by this definition , autonomous agents .
all free-living cells are , by this definition , autonomous [people] .

George Smith ’ s experiments are also of immediate interest , and in surprising ways that will bear on our later discussion of autonomous agents .
george smith ’ s experiments are also of immediate interest , and in surprising ways that will bear on our later discussion of autonomous [people] .

In turn , shape space suggests “ catalytic task space. ” We will need both to understand autonomous agents .
in turn , shape space suggests “ catalytic task space. ” we will need both to understand autonomous [people] .

As autonomous agents coconstruct a biosphere , each must manage to categorize and act upon its world in its own behalf .
as autonomous [people] coconstruct a biosphere , each must manage to categorize and act upon its world in its own behalf .

I suspect that autonomous agents coevolve such that each makes the maximum diversity of reliable discriminations upon which it can act reliably as it swims , scrambles , pokes , twists , and pounces .
i suspect that autonomous [people] coevolve such that each makes the maximum diversity of reliable discriminations upon which it can act reliably as it swims , scrambles , pokes , twists , and pounces .

This simple view leads to a working hypothesis : Communities of agents will coevolve to an “ edge of chaos ” between overrigid and overfluid behavior .
this simple view leads to a working hypothesis : communities of [people] will coevolve to an “ edge of chaos ” between overrigid and overfluid behavior .

Moreover , autonomous agents forever push their way into novelty = molecular , morphological , behavioral , organizational .
moreover , autonomous [people] forever push their way into novelty = molecular , morphological , behavioral , organizational .

There may be hints here too of a general law for any biosphere , a hoped-for new law for self-constructing systems of autonomous agents .
there may be hints here too of a general law for any biosphere , a hoped-for new law for self-constructing systems of autonomous [people] .

In the final chapter , I step beyond the central concern with autonomous agents to consider the universe itself .
in the final chapter , i step beyond the central concern with autonomous [people] to consider the universe itself .

We noted in the previous chapter that autonomous agents can form hierarchies hypercycles made of replicators linked in a cycle of mutual benefit are but the simplest case .
we noted in the previous chapter that autonomous [people] can form hierarchies hypercycles made of replicators linked in a cycle of mutual benefit are but the simplest case .

These hierarchically complex autonomous agents have , do , and will invade an adjacent possible , definable at least at the chemical level , but also on morphological levels , behavioral levels , and beyond .
these hierarchically complex autonomous [people] have , do , and will invade an adjacent possible , definable at least at the chemical level , but also on morphological levels , behavioral levels , and beyond .

Which leads to an odd thought : The indefinite hierarchy upward in complexity is a “ sink ” where the burgeoning order of the universe constructed by such agents can be “ dumped. ” The biosphere has been doing this dumping for .
which leads to an odd thought : the indefinite hierarchy upward in complexity is a “ sink ” where the burgeoning order of the universe constructed by such [people] can be “ dumped. ” the biosphere has been doing this dumping for .

On the other hand , as we have just seen , the universe is vastly nonergodic at levels of complexity of complex organic molecules upward to autonomous agents coevolving with one another and beyond .
on the other hand , as we have just seen , the universe is vastly nonergodic at levels of complexity of complex organic molecules upward to autonomous [people] coevolving with one another and beyond .

If there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to increase the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the Heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .
if there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous [people] to increase the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .

For , as we will see , it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid , the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous agents whose coevolution and increasing diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to increase that dimensionality .
for , as we will see , it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid , the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous [people] whose coevolution and increasing diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to increase that dimensionality .

Autonomous agents persistently stumble onto new ways of making a living with one another and exploit those new ways .
autonomous [people] persistently stumble onto new ways of making a living with one another and exploit those new ways .

For I , among others , predict endogenous biosphere shenanigans among coevolving autonomous agents as the causes of small and giant extinction events .
for i , among others , predict endogenous biosphere shenanigans among coevolving autonomous [people] as the causes of small and giant extinction events .

It is certainly interesting if the energy per unit volume of the biosphere is roughly that which makes this expansion as energetically inexpensive as possible for the autonomous agents coevolving with one another , exapting to new forms of making a living playing natural games , as we coconstruct our biosphere .
it is certainly interesting if the energy per unit volume of the biosphere is roughly that which makes this expansion as energetically inexpensive as possible for the autonomous [people] coevolving with one another , exapting to new forms of making a living playing natural games , as we coconstruct our biosphere .

How brazen a chapter subtitle : “ Beyond Newton , Einstein , and Bohr ? ” Hints we shall find , for the science of Newton , Einstein , and Bohr remains innocent of the propagating coconstructing organization of autonomous agents , of nonequilibrium systems building a biosphere .
how brazen a chapter subtitle : “ beyond newton , einstein , and bohr ? ” hints we shall find , for the science of newton , einstein , and bohr remains innocent of the propagating coconstructing organization of autonomous [people] , of nonequilibrium systems building a biosphere .

Story is the natural way we autonomous agents talk about our raw getting on with it , mucking through , making a living .
story is the natural way we autonomous [people] talk about our raw getting on with it , mucking through , making a living .

I come , hesitantly , to believe we need both science and story to make sense of a universe in which we agents , part of the universe , get on with our embodied know-how , we who strut and fret our hour upon the stage .
i come , hesitantly , to believe we need both science and story to make sense of a universe in which we [people] , part of the universe , get on with our embodied know-how , we who strut and fret our hour upon the stage .

Again , we have not had , nor have we yet , a theory of the propagating coconstructing organization that is a biosphere built of autonomous agents and their shenanigans .
again , we have not had , nor have we yet , a theory of the propagating coconstructing organization that is a biosphere built of autonomous [people] and their shenanigans .

For a start , there appears to be an indefinite hierarchy of autonomous agents .
for a start , there appears to be an indefinite hierarchy of autonomous [people] .

At least in our biosphere , there is a considerable hierarchy of autonomous agents .
at least in our biosphere , there is a considerable hierarchy of autonomous [people] .

In the passage from prokaryote to eukaryotic cell , it appears that a collection of autonomous agents came to live together permanently .
in the passage from prokaryote to eukaryotic cell , it appears that a collection of autonomous [people] came to live together permanently .

These facts have suggested to Lynn Margulis the now rather well-accepted hypothesis that eukaryotic cells are symbionts of two or more earlier separate autonomous agents that contributed the mitochondria , the plastids , and perhaps the nuclear structure of eukaryotes into a single novel reproducing entity , the eukaryotic cell .
these facts have suggested to lynn margulis the now rather well-accepted hypothesis that eukaryotic cells are symbionts of two or more earlier separate autonomous [people] that contributed the mitochondria , the plastids , and perhaps the nuclear structure of eukaryotes into a single novel reproducing entity , the eukaryotic cell .

The eukaryotic cell , then , is a well-behaved society of autonomous agents that are now symbiotic , hence , the eukaryotic cell is a higher-order autonomous agent , comprised of lower-order autonomous agents .
the eukaryotic cell , then , is a well-behaved society of autonomous [people] that are now symbiotic , hence , the eukaryotic cell is a higher-order autonomous agent , comprised of lower-order autonomous [people] .

We confront a hierarchy of autonomous agents .
we confront a hierarchy of autonomous [people] .

If our definition of an autonomous agent should include that it be “ an individual ” capable of reproducing , then maybe whales are about as big as such agents get in the current biosphere .
if our definition of an autonomous agent should include that it be “ an individual ” capable of reproducing , then maybe whales are about as big as such [people] get in the current biosphere .

While the hypercycle of Eigen and Schuster does not yet fulfill my definition of an autonomous agent because no work cycles are done , nevertheless we have no trouble imagining a hypercycle of autonomous agents .
while the hypercycle of eigen and schuster does not yet fulfill my definition of an autonomous agent because no work cycles are done , nevertheless we have no trouble imagining a hypercycle of autonomous [people] .

Evolution to form a variety of parasites and hyperparasites occurs , including some slightly hierarchical agents .
evolution to form a variety of parasites and hyperparasites occurs , including some slightly hierarchical [people] .

As John McCaskill , another theoretical physicist-chemist in the Eigen-Schuster group , points out , no one has succeeded so far in creating an algorithmic system of reproducing entities that generates impressive hierarchical agents or persistent , increasingly complex organization .
as john mccaskill , another theoretical physicist-chemist in the eigen-schuster group , points out , no one has succeeded so far in creating an algorithmic system of reproducing entities that generates impressive hierarchical [people] or persistent , increasingly complex organization .

In contrast , the biosphere is built up of the doings , the embodied know-how , carryings on of autonomous agents = real physical molecular systems grafting a flow of matter and energy , constraint construction , and organization into their persistent coevolution .
in contrast , the biosphere is built up of the doings , the embodied know-how , carryings on of autonomous [people] = real physical molecular systems grafting a flow of matter and energy , constraint construction , and organization into their persistent coevolution .

As we will see below = where I give grounds to think that we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere , hence can not prestate the adaptations that may come to exist in an evolving biosphere = real macroscopic physical systems that are autonomous agents may not be constrained in what they can produce , as is a formal mathematical algebraic symbol system .
as we will see below = where i give grounds to think that we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere , hence can not prestate the adaptations that may come to exist in an evolving biosphere = real macroscopic physical systems that are autonomous [people] may not be constrained in what they can produce , as is a formal mathematical algebraic symbol system .

Descriptions of human actions = and , a fortiori , descriptions of the doings of autonomous agents , even bacteria acting on their own behalf to get dinner = seem to involve a diVerent language game than mere descriptions in terms of physical events .
descriptions of human actions = and , a fortiori , descriptions of the doings of autonomous [people] , even bacteria acting on their own behalf to get dinner = seem to involve a diverent language game than mere descriptions in terms of physical events .

Let ’ s try it with my definition of autonomous agents .
let ’ s try it with my definition of autonomous [people] .

Almost certainly , pure protein and small molecule systems can be autonomous agents .
almost certainly , pure protein and small molecule systems can be autonomous [people] .

Almost certainly , pure RNA and small molecule systems can be autonomous agents .
almost certainly , pure rna and small molecule systems can be autonomous [people] .

Perhaps self-gravitating systems , lasing systems , and a variety of other physical systems can be autonomous agents .
perhaps self-gravitating systems , lasing systems , and a variety of other physical systems can be autonomous [people] .

Based on this , I want to say that autonomous agents are parts of the ontological furniture of the universe .
based on this , i want to say that autonomous [people] are parts of the ontological furniture of the universe .

Rather , an autonomous agent is more than the sum of its parts in the sense that a wide variety = indeed , an indefinite variety = of physical systems could be autonomous agents in the same sense , self-reproducing systems carrying out at least one work cycle .
rather , an autonomous agent is more than the sum of its parts in the sense that a wide variety = indeed , an indefinite variety = of physical systems could be autonomous [people] in the same sense , self-reproducing systems carrying out at least one work cycle .

The concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .
the concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous [people] .

The historical coming into existence of life in the universe , of autonomous agents , and of the propagating organization that is Tomasina and her bioworld is nowhere accounted for by Newton ’ s laws .
the historical coming into existence of life in the universe , of autonomous [people] , and of the propagating organization that is tomasina and her bioworld is nowhere accounted for by newton ’ s laws .

These are the doings of autonomous agents .
these are the doings of autonomous [people] .

Stories are our mode of making sense of the context-dependent actions of us as autonomous agents .
stories are our mode of making sense of the context-dependent actions of us as autonomous [people] .

It becomes easy to conjure multimolecular systems , indeed autonomous agents are examples , in which even if the Hamiltonian for each single system and all the coupled systems were known , it would not be possible to compute the detailed dynamics of the coupled spin system in the lifetime of the universe .
it becomes easy to conjure multimolecular systems , indeed autonomous [people] are examples , in which even if the hamiltonian for each single system and all the coupled systems were known , it would not be possible to compute the detailed dynamics of the coupled spin system in the lifetime of the universe .

The behaviors of the collective set of molecules among the coevolving autonomous agents stumble upon , then reinforce by heritable variation , the odd molecular motions that capture photons , that sense energy sources , that are the fine-grained molecular exaptations that are the daily stuV of evolution .
the behaviors of the collective set of molecules among the coevolving autonomous [people] stumble upon , then reinforce by heritable variation , the odd molecular motions that capture photons , that sense energy sources , that are the fine-grained molecular exaptations that are the daily stuv of evolution .

The economy of Homo habilis and Homo erectus , the stunning flaked flint tools of the Magdalinian culture of the magnificent Cro-Magnon in southern France , years ago when the large beasts had retreated southward from the glaciation , the invention and spread of writing in Mesopotamia , the Greek agora , and today ’ s global economy are all in the deepest sense merely the carrying on of the more diversified forms of trade that had their origins with the first autonomous agents and their communities over four billion years ago .
the economy of homo habilis and homo erectus , the stunning flaked flint tools of the magdalinian culture of the magnificent cro-magnon in southern france , years ago when the large beasts had retreated southward from the glaciation , the invention and spread of writing in mesopotamia , the greek agora , and today ’ s global economy are all in the deepest sense merely the carrying on of the more diversified forms of trade that had their origins with the first autonomous [people] and their communities over four billion years ago .

Economics has its roots in agency and the emergence of advantages of trade among autonomous agents .
economics has its roots in agency and the emergence of advantages of trade among autonomous [people] .

Indeed , if we stand back and squint , it is easy to see the most awesome feature of an economy and its roots in autonomous agents : The most awesome feature of the econosphere , as of the biosphere both built by communities of autonomous agents in their urgent plunging , lunging , sliding , gliding , hiding , trading , and providing has been a blossoming diversity of molecular and organismic species and of novel ways of making a living that has persistently burgeoned into the adjacent possible .
indeed , if we stand back and squint , it is easy to see the most awesome feature of an economy and its roots in autonomous [people] : the most awesome feature of the econosphere , as of the biosphere both built by communities of autonomous [people] in their urgent plunging , lunging , sliding , gliding , hiding , trading , and providing has been a blossoming diversity of molecular and organismic species and of novel ways of making a living that has persistently burgeoned into the adjacent possible .

From tens of organic molecular species to tens of trillions ; from one or a few species of autonomous agents to a standing diversity of some hundred million species and a total diversity some hundred to thousandfold larger of those creatures come and gone .
from tens of organic molecular species to tens of trillions ; from one or a few species of autonomous [people] to a standing diversity of some hundred million species and a total diversity some hundred to thousandfold larger of those creatures come and gone .

Neither the biosphere nor the econosphere are merely about the distribution of limited resources , both are expressions of the immense creativity of the universe , and in particular , of autonomous agents as we exapt molecularly , morphologically , and technologically in untold , unforetellable ways persistently into the adjacent possible .
neither the biosphere nor the econosphere are merely about the distribution of limited resources , both are expressions of the immense creativity of the universe , and in particular , of autonomous [people] as we exapt molecularly , morphologically , and technologically in untold , unforetellable ways persistently into the adjacent possible .

Getting on with it in the absence of predefined configuration spaces has been the persistent provenance of autonomous agents since we stumbled into existence .
getting on with it in the absence of predefined configuration spaces has been the persistent provenance of autonomous [people] since we stumbled into existence .

Rational expectations theory assumes a set of economic agents with beliefs about how the economy is working .
rational expectations theory assumes a set of economic [people] with beliefs about how the economy is working .

The agents base their economic actions on those beliefs .
the [people] base their economic actions on those beliefs .

A fixed point can exist under which the actions of the agents , given their beliefs about the economy , exactly create the expected economic behavior .
a fixed point can exist under which the actions of the [people] , given their beliefs about the economy , exactly create the expected economic behavior .

In the Arrow-Debreu setting , such infinitely rational agents bargain and achieve the best equilibrium price for each dated contingent good .
in the arrow-debreu setting , such infinitely rational [people] bargain and achieve the best equilibrium price for each dated contingent good .

In rational expectations , the agents figure out how the economy is working and behave in such a way that the expected economic system is the one that arises .
in rational expectations , the [people] figure out how the economy is working and behave in such a way that the expected economic system is the one that arises .

The theories and actions of the agents self-consistently create an economy fitting the theories under which the agents operate .
the theories and actions of the [people] self-consistently create an economy fitting the theories under which the [people] operate .

Second , achieving the fixed points seems to demand excessive rationality to fit real human agents .
second , achieving the fixed points seems to demand excessive rationality to fit real human [people] .

Satisficing suggests that agents do not optimize but do well enough ; yet it has been hard to make this concept pay o .
satisficing suggests that [people] do not optimize but do well enough ; yet it has been hard to make this concept pay o .

I suspect that there may be a natural extension to rational expectations applicable to human and any strategic agents , and I report a body of work suggested by me but largely carried out by Vince Darley at Harvard for his doctoral thesis .
i suspect that there may be a natural extension to rational expectations applicable to human and any strategic [people] , and i report a body of work suggested by me but largely carried out by vince darley at harvard for his doctoral thesis .

The core ideas stated for human agents are these : Suppose you have a sequence of events , say , the price of corn by month , and want to predict next month ’ s price of corn .
the core ideas stated for human [people] are these : suppose you have a sequence of events , say , the price of corn by month , and want to predict next month ’ s price of corn .

The rest of the theory Vince and I have developed goes to show that agents who have theories of one another and act selfishly based on those theories will typically create a persistently changing pattern of actions .
the rest of the theory vince and i have developed goes to show that [people] who have theories of one another and act selfishly based on those theories will typically create a persistently changing pattern of actions .

Thus , there is always only a limited amount of valid data on which to base theories , and the agents , in turn , must always build models of intermediate , bounded complexity to avoid over- or underfitting the meager valid data .
thus , there is always only a limited amount of valid data on which to base theories , and the [people] , in turn , must always build models of intermediate , bounded complexity to avoid over- or underfitting the meager valid data .

What happens is that the agents act under their theories .
what happens is that the [people] act under their theories .

In due course some agent acts in a way that falsifies the theories of one or more other agents .
in due course some agent acts in a way that falsifies the theories of one or more other [people] .

These agents either are stubborn or change their theories .
these [people] either are stubborn or change their theories .

In turn , those changes disconfirm the theory of the first agent , and perhaps still other agents .
in turn , those changes disconfirm the theory of the first agent , and perhaps still other [people] .

The agents wind up in a space of coevolving theories and actions with no fixed-point , stable steady states , which means that past actions are a poor guide to future actions by an agent since his theories , and hence his action plans , have changed .
the [people] wind up in a space of coevolving theories and actions with no fixed-point , stable steady states , which means that past actions are a poor guide to future actions by an agent since his theories , and hence his action plans , have changed .

This means that the agents mutually create a “ nonstationary ” time series of actions ( nonstationary just means that the statistical characteristics of the time series keep changing because the agents keep changing their theories and actions ) .
this means that the [people] mutually create a “ nonstationary ” time series of actions ( nonstationary just means that the statistical characteristics of the time series keep changing because the [people] keep changing their theories and actions ) .

In turn , the agents typically have only a modest amount of relatively recent data that is still valid and reliable on which to base their next theories of one another .
in turn , the [people] typically have only a modest amount of relatively recent data that is still valid and reliable on which to base their next theories of one another .

Given only a modest amount of valid and reliable data , the agents must avoid overfitting or underfitting that smallish amount of data , so they must use theories of intermediate complexity for example , four Fourier modes to fit the data , not one or twenty .
given only a modest amount of valid and reliable data , the [people] must avoid overfitting or underfitting that smallish amount of data , so they must use theories of intermediate complexity for example , four fourier modes to fit the data , not one or twenty .

Indeed , we allow agents to evolve how much of the past history of the interactions they will pay attention to and how complex their models of one another will be one , four , or fifty Fourier modes .
indeed , we allow [people] to evolve how much of the past history of the interactions they will pay attention to and how complex their models of one another will be one , four , or fifty fourier modes .

Agents evolve in a history and complexity space to find currently optimal amounts of history and complexity to use to optimally predict their neighbors .
[people] evolve in a history and complexity space to find currently optimal amounts of history and complexity to use to optimally predict their neighbors .

In our little world , the agents evolve to use a modest history , ignoring the distant past , and only modestly complex theories of one another .
in our little world , the [people] evolve to use a modest history , ignoring the distant past , and only modestly complex theories of one another .

As the system of agents and actions settles down to some repeatable behavior , an increasingly wide range of alternative theories , simple and very complex , fit the same data .
as the system of [people] and actions settles down to some repeatable behavior , an increasingly wide range of alternative theories , simple and very complex , fit the same data .

Sooner or later such a fluctuation happens , and the agents with the complex disconfirmed theories change theories and actions radically , setting up a vast avalanche of changes of theories and actions that sweeps the system , driving the collective behavior far from any repeatable pattern .
sooner or later such a fluctuation happens , and the [people] with the complex disconfirmed theories change theories and actions radically , setting up a vast avalanche of changes of theories and actions that sweeps the system , driving the collective behavior far from any repeatable pattern .

In these new circumstances , only a small subset of theories fits the current facts , so the diversity , and complexity , of theories in the population of agents plummets , and the system finds its way back to some repeatable pattern of behavior .
in these new circumstances , only a small subset of theories fits the current facts , so the diversity , and complexity , of theories in the population of [people] plummets , and the system finds its way back to some repeatable pattern of behavior .

In these terms , the system of agents and theories never settles down to a fixed-point equilibrium in which markets clear .
in these terms , the system of [people] and theories never settles down to a fixed-point equilibrium in which markets clear .

The bounded complexity issues would seem to apply to any coevolving autonomous agents that are able to make theories of one another and base actions on those theories .
the bounded complexity issues would seem to apply to any coevolving autonomous [people] that are able to make theories of one another and base actions on those theories .

Presumably all such autonomous agents , under persistent mutation and selection , would opt for changeable models of one another of bounded complexity .
presumably all such autonomous [people] , under persistent mutation and selection , would opt for changeable models of one another of bounded complexity .

Whatever natural , or unnatural , games autonomous agents are playing as they and we coevolve in a biosphere or econo-sphere , nonstationarity arises on many levels .
whatever natural , or unnatural , games autonomous [people] are playing as they and we coevolve in a biosphere or econo-sphere , nonstationarity arises on many levels .

Here we see it at the level of the agents ’ theories of one another and the actions based on those theories .
here we see it at the level of the [people] ’ theories of one another and the actions based on those theories .

I find it intriguing to note certain parallels from our prior discussion of autonomous agents and propagating organization .
i find it intriguing to note certain parallels from our prior discussion of autonomous [people] and propagating organization .

At the level of molecular autonomous agents , I made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise .
at the level of molecular autonomous [people] , i made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous [people] do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise .

We came to the reasonable conclusion that a biosphere of autonomous agents is a self-consistently self-constructing whole , in which agents , ways of making a living , and ways of searching for how to make a living all work together to coconstruct the biosphere .
we came to the reasonable conclusion that a biosphere of autonomous [people] is a self-consistently self-constructing whole , in which [people] , ways of making a living , and ways of searching for how to make a living all work together to coconstruct the biosphere .

These agents coevolving with one another , discovering displacements from equilibrium that can be used to accomplish work , making records of such sources of energy , then linking those exergonic reactions to endergonic reactions are the means by which our biosphere has come into being , actually coconstructed by the activities , accidents , striving , and failures of these autonomous agents , exapting persistently into their adjacent possible .
these [people] coevolving with one another , discovering displacements from equilibrium that can be used to accomplish work , making records of such sources of energy , then linking those exergonic reactions to endergonic reactions are the means by which our biosphere has come into being , actually coconstructed by the activities , accidents , striving , and failures of these autonomous [people] , exapting persistently into their adjacent possible .

Laws of a general biology , wherever autonomous agents swirl into existence and change forever the begetting of the universe ?
laws of a general biology , wherever autonomous [people] swirl into existence and change forever the begetting of the universe ?

Coevolutionarily constructible communities of molecular autonomous agents may evolve to four apparently dierent phase transitions :
coevolutionarily constructible communities of molecular autonomous [people] may evolve to four apparently dierent phase transitions :

Law .Communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .
law .communities of autonomous [people] will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .

Law .A coassembling community of agents , on a short timescale with respect to coevolution , will assemble to a self-organized critical state with some maximum number of species per community .
law .a coassembling community of [people] , on a short timescale with respect to coevolution , will assemble to a self-organized critical state with some maximum number of species per community .

Law .On a coevolutionary timescale , coevolving autonomous agents as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure ( ways of making a living ) and coupling between landscapes , yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a power law distribution of species lifetimes .
law .on a coevolutionary timescale , coevolving autonomous [people] as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure ( ways of making a living ) and coupling between landscapes , yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a power law distribution of species lifetimes .

Law .Autonomous agents will evolve such that causally local communities are on a generalized “ subcritical-supracritical boundary ” exhibiting a generalized self-organized critical average for the sustained expansion of the adjacent possible of the eective phase space of the community .
law .autonomous [people] will evolve such that causally local communities are on a generalized “ subcritical-supracritical boundary ” exhibiting a generalized self-organized critical average for the sustained expansion of the adjacent possible of the eective phase space of the community .

Molecular autonomous agents , for example , free-living cells , are parallel-processing molecular dynamical systems .
molecular autonomous [people] , for example , free-living cells , are parallel-processing molecular dynamical systems .

As I will shortly discuss below , it is plausible to think that autonomous agents , and communities of autonomous agents , evolve such that they lie in the ordered regime near the phase transition to chaos .
as i will shortly discuss below , it is plausible to think that autonomous [people] , and communities of autonomous [people] , evolve such that they lie in the ordered regime near the phase transition to chaos .

In turn , this will allow the autonomous agents to make the maximum number of reliable discriminations and reliable actions , hence , to play the most sophisticated natural games by which to earn their livings .
in turn , this will allow the autonomous [people] to make the maximum number of reliable discriminations and reliable actions , hence , to play the most sophisticated natural games by which to earn their livings .

Since cells are our only example of evolved autonomous agents , the data support my candidate first law that autonomous agents and communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the ordered regime near the phase transition to chaos .
since cells are our only example of evolved autonomous [people] , the data support my candidate first law that autonomous [people] and communities of autonomous [people] will evolve to the ordered regime near the phase transition to chaos .

Being autonomous agents , cells must , as individuals living in communities , make the maximum number of reliable discriminations possible and act on them reliably , without “ trembling hands. ” Just inside the edge of chaos seems the ideal place .
being autonomous [people] , cells must , as individuals living in communities , make the maximum number of reliable discriminations possible and act on them reliably , without “ trembling hands. ” just inside the edge of chaos seems the ideal place .

Thus , any candidate law must be considered with respect to a community of autonomous agents .
thus , any candidate law must be considered with respect to a community of autonomous [people] .

I can sense a fourth law of thermodynamics for self-constructing systems of autonomous agents .
i can sense a fourth law of thermodynamics for self-constructing systems of autonomous [people] .

The whole of this chapter suggests that autonomous agents coevolve to be as capable as possible of making the most diverse discriminations and actions , take advantage of the most unexpected exaptations , coevolve as readily as possible to coconstruct the blossoming diversity that is , and remains , Darwin ’ s “ tangled bank. ” I sense a fourth law in which the workspace of the biosphere expands , on average , as fast as it can in this coconstructing biosphere .
the whole of this chapter suggests that autonomous [people] coevolve to be as capable as possible of making the most diverse discriminations and actions , take advantage of the most unexpected exaptations , coevolve as readily as possible to coconstruct the blossoming diversity that is , and remains , darwin ’ s “ tangled bank. ” i sense a fourth law in which the workspace of the biosphere expands , on average , as fast as it can in this coconstructing biosphere .

We have begun with autonomous agents .
we have begun with autonomous [people] .

Autonomous agents themselves , self-reproducing systems carrying out one or more work cycles linking exergonic and endergonic processes in a cyclic fashion that propagate the union of catalysis , constraint construction , and process organization that constitute such autonomous agents are but the most miraculously diversifying examples of this universal process in our unfolding , ever-changing universe .
autonomous [people] themselves , self-reproducing systems carrying out one or more work cycles linking exergonic and endergonic processes in a cyclic fashion that propagate the union of catalysis , constraint construction , and process organization that constitute such autonomous [people] are but the most miraculously diversifying examples of this universal process in our unfolding , ever-changing universe .

It is important to stress that we have here a sense of “ useful ” outside the context of autonomous agents .
it is important to stress that we have here a sense of “ useful ” outside the context of autonomous [people] .

A further partial prototype is present in chapter , with its discussion of autonomous agents as self-reproducing physical systems that do successfully measure displacements from equilibrium and do successfully evolve to couple exergonic and endergonic reactions to achieve completed work cycles .
a further partial prototype is present in chapter , with its discussion of autonomous [people] as self-reproducing physical systems that do successfully measure displacements from equilibrium and do successfully evolve to couple exergonic and endergonic reactions to achieve completed work cycles .

There is not the slightest doubt , for example , that such entities have come into existence in our biosphere as autonomous agents have coevolved over the eons .
there is not the slightest doubt , for example , that such entities have come into existence in our biosphere as autonomous [people] have coevolved over the eons .

The linked exergonic and endergonic organic chemistry reactions present in the molecular autonomous agents that we call cells exemplify just this structural and functional subtlety .
the linked exergonic and endergonic organic chemistry reactions present in the molecular autonomous [people] that we call cells exemplify just this structural and functional subtlety .

At least in our bio-sphere , the cumulative coevolution of autonomous agents has , in the past four billion years , achieved precisely such a diversification .
at least in our bio-sphere , the cumulative coevolution of autonomous [people] has , in the past four billion years , achieved precisely such a diversification .

An evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .
an evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous [people] , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .

This is just what we are suggesting must occur in autonomous agents .
this is just what we are suggesting must occur in autonomous [people] .

A next step is to realize that the only well-known autonomous agents , namely real cells such as yeast , bacteria , your cells and mine , do actually carry out linked processes in which spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes are coupled to build constraints on the release of energy .
a next step is to realize that the only well-known autonomous [people] , namely real cells such as yeast , bacteria , your cells and mine , do actually carry out linked processes in which spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes are coupled to build constraints on the release of energy .

Interestingly , the “ erasure cost ” suggests that autonomous agents must be finitely displaced from equilibrium to aord the finite erasure cost and still reproduce .
interestingly , the “ erasure cost ” suggests that autonomous [people] must be finitely displaced from equilibrium to aord the finite erasure cost and still reproduce .

If we do not yet understand organization fully , we can at least think about what happens in autonomous agents such as real cells .
if we do not yet understand organization fully , we can at least think about what happens in autonomous [people] such as real cells .

Autonomous agents achieve catalytic and propagating work-task closures by which they build copies of themselves .
autonomous [people] achieve catalytic and propagating work-task closures by which they build copies of themselves .

The propagating closure of events and organization that is a cell or colony of cells , an autonomous agent , or a collection of autonomous agents is not matter alone , energy alone , entropy alone , nor the negation of entropy , Shannon ’ s information , alone .
the propagating closure of events and organization that is a cell or colony of cells , an autonomous agent , or a collection of autonomous [people] is not matter alone , energy alone , entropy alone , nor the negation of entropy , shannon ’ s information , alone .

Autonomous agents appear to be a sucient condition for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .
autonomous [people] appear to be a sucient condition for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous [people] appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .

It remains an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous agents say , lifeless galaxies , stars , the giant molecular clouds in galaxies , or lifeless planets can generate and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres .
it remains an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous [people] say , lifeless galaxies , stars , the giant molecular clouds in galaxies , or lifeless planets can generate and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres .

I will suggest in a later chapter when we consider the evolution of novelties that there is no finite prespecification for the work tasks , measurements , records , and catalytic tasks that might constitute autonomous agents .
i will suggest in a later chapter when we consider the evolution of novelties that there is no finite prespecification for the work tasks , measurements , records , and catalytic tasks that might constitute autonomous [people] .

Whether an incapacity to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere genuinely precludes the use of category theory to mathematize the concepts of autonomous agents and propagating organization is an open question .
whether an incapacity to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere genuinely precludes the use of category theory to mathematize the concepts of autonomous [people] and propagating organization is an open question .

The collective behaviors of coevolving autonomous agents have , over the past four billion years , constructed a biosphere .
the collective behaviors of coevolving autonomous [people] have , over the past four billion years , constructed a biosphere .

Autonomous agents , we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf , we to whom “ intentionality ” and “ purpose ” are so inevitably attributed by our common languages , we are , by my definition of autonomous agents , also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties .
autonomous [people] , we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf , we to whom “ intentionality ” and “ purpose ” are so inevitably attributed by our common languages , we are , by my definition of autonomous [people] , also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties .

If the concept of autonomous agents were something like a useful or more , a proper definition of life itself , then autonomous agents span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where “ purpose ” is ascribed by all of us to one another .
if the concept of autonomous [people] were something like a useful or more , a proper definition of life itself , then autonomous [people] span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where “ purpose ” is ascribed by all of us to one another .

I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
i hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous [people] also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .

I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .
i want to say that the autonomous [people] comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .

Indeed , as I have emphasized before , a biosphere is a self-consistent coconstruction of autonomous agents , ways of making a living , and the search procedures , mutation , recombination , as well as behavioral search open to autonomous agents .
indeed , as i have emphasized before , a biosphere is a self-consistent coconstruction of autonomous [people] , ways of making a living , and the search procedures , mutation , recombination , as well as behavioral search open to autonomous [people] .

Those means of making a living that were well searched out and mastered by the agents and their search procedures became the kinds of “ jobs ” that were widely filled , the abundant niches of the bio-sphere .
those means of making a living that were well searched out and mastered by the [people] and their search procedures became the kinds of “ jobs ” that were widely filled , the abundant niches of the bio-sphere .

Any autonomous agent proliferating alone or in a congery of other agents , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .
any autonomous agent proliferating alone or in a congery of other [people] , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .

If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms , they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them .
if we synthesize autonomous [people] in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms , they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them .

The know-how is , in these terms , nothing but another view of the propagating closures of catalysis , work tasks , sensing , recording , and acting that we now recognize as inherent in the doings of autonomous agents .
the know-how is , in these terms , nothing but another view of the propagating closures of catalysis , work tasks , sensing , recording , and acting that we now recognize as inherent in the doings of autonomous [people] .

It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling , chemical and otherwise , within and between autonomous agents , as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that “ warns ” other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites .
it seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling , chemical and otherwise , within and between autonomous [people] , as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that “ warns ” other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites .

Thus , among other things , we must tell stories to understand the oriented actions of agents in their worlds .
thus , among other things , we must tell stories to understand the oriented actions of [people] in their worlds .

The semantics of the nail is some subset of this embroidered context-dependent set of implications of the event , or signal , in question to the autonomous agents in the coevolving system .
the semantics of the nail is some subset of this embroidered context-dependent set of implications of the event , or signal , in question to the autonomous [people] in the coevolving system .

Of course , there is a sense in which my attribution of semantics to autonomous agents is purely tautological .
of course , there is a sense in which my attribution of semantics to autonomous [people] is purely tautological .

Five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .
five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous [people] are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .

Stones and chairs are not , by my definition , autonomous agents .
stones and chairs are not , by my definition , autonomous [people] .

The stunning fact directly before us , every day , is that autonomous agents do manipulate the world on their own behalf .
the stunning fact directly before us , every day , is that autonomous [people] do manipulate the world on their own behalf .

In short , once we have autonomous agents and yuck and yum , it appears that semantics enters the universe as the agents coevolve and behave on their own behalf with one another in the unfolding of a biosphere .
in short , once we have autonomous [people] and yuck and yum , it appears that semantics enters the universe as the [people] coevolve and behave on their own behalf with one another in the unfolding of a biosphere .

Does a whi of ethical issue arise with autonomous agents ?
does a whi of ethical issue arise with autonomous [people] ?

Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .
without attributing consciousness to an e. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , i can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous [people] are around .

I sense that the distinction between doings and happenings , Dan ’ s happy phrasing , is relevant for E. coli , tigers , us , trees , and autonomous agents in general .
i sense that the distinction between doings and happenings , dan ’ s happy phrasing , is relevant for e. coli , tigers , us , trees , and autonomous [people] in general .

Strange and interesting , is it not , that these issues all seem to arise with autonomous agents but not otherwise ?
strange and interesting , is it not , that these issues all seem to arise with autonomous [people] but not otherwise ?

Granted that we here seem to confront the language game circularity alluded to earlier , yet I do truly think that the rudiments of semantics , intentionality , value , and ethics arise with autonomous agents .
granted that we here seem to confront the language game circularity alluded to earlier , yet i do truly think that the rudiments of semantics , intentionality , value , and ethics arise with autonomous [people] .

We can not deduce ought from is in any concrete context , but I think we have the categories of ought and is in the physical universe once we have autonomous agents .
we can not deduce ought from is in any concrete context , but i think we have the categories of ought and is in the physical universe once we have autonomous [people] .

Indeed , part of why I have so blatantly borrowed Wittgenstein ’ s title , without my presumption to similar intellectual stature , is that there is a parallel between Wittgenstein ’ s abandonment of the Tractatus and growing awareness of knowing as living a language game , and a central theme of this Investigations , that there may be a limit to the way Newton taught us to do science and a need to reformulate what we do when we and other agents get on with living a life .
indeed , part of why i have so blatantly borrowed wittgenstein ’ s title , without my presumption to similar intellectual stature , is that there is a parallel between wittgenstein ’ s abandonment of the tractatus and growing awareness of knowing as living a language game , and a central theme of this investigations , that there may be a limit to the way newton taught us to do science and a need to reformulate what we do when we and other [people] get on with living a life .

I will only be able to discuss these issues more fully after we have encountered autonomous agents and their unfolding mysteries .
i will only be able to discuss these issues more fully after we have encountered autonomous [people] and their unfolding mysteries .

The failure is deep and will have unfolding resonances with the mysteries of autonomous agents .
the failure is deep and will have unfolding resonances with the mysteries of autonomous [people] .

Consider , he said , legal language , and try translating it to ordinary statements about human agents without using legal concepts .
consider , he said , legal language , and try translating it to ordinary statements about human [people] without using legal concepts .

It is almost certainly not a coincidence that the impulse to investigate the central nature of autonomous agents arises just as we are on the threshold of creating such molecular systems .
it is almost certainly not a coincidence that the impulse to investigate the central nature of autonomous [people] arises just as we are on the threshold of creating such molecular systems .

Our next step in thinking about autonomous agents requires us to consider again the concept of a “ catalytic task space ” and the character of autocatalytic sets in the context of catalytic task space .
our next step in thinking about autonomous [people] requires us to consider again the concept of a “ catalytic task space ” and the character of autocatalytic sets in the context of catalytic task space .

Given visualization of a first case , I expect that we will be constructing molecular autonomous agents within a few years .
given visualization of a first case , i expect that we will be constructing molecular autonomous [people] within a few years .

We carried out computer selection experiments not only comparing the autonomous agent to a nude exergonic DNA trimer-hexamer system , but also computationally mutating the kinetic constants by small amounts and computationally evolving autonomous agents to reproduce with higher thermodynamic eYciency .
we carried out computer selection experiments not only comparing the autonomous agent to a nude exergonic dna trimer-hexamer system , but also computationally mutating the kinetic constants by small amounts and computationally evolving autonomous [people] to reproduce with higher thermodynamic eyciency .

Our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents operating displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eYcient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer DNA than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer DNA system to the PP and electron-photon work cycle system .
our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous [people] operating displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eycient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer dna than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer dna system to the pp and electron-photon work cycle system .

The main conclusion to draw from our simulation is that autonomous agents coupling one or more autocatalytic and work cycles are a perfectly reasonable , if novel , form of nonequilibrium , open chemical reaction network .
the main conclusion to draw from our simulation is that autonomous [people] coupling one or more autocatalytic and work cycles are a perfectly reasonable , if novel , form of nonequilibrium , open chemical reaction network .

I will have much more to say in subsequent chapters about the properties of molecular autonomous agents .
i will have much more to say in subsequent chapters about the properties of molecular autonomous [people] .

In particular , in order to understand agents we will have to carry out a critique of the physicist ’ s concept of “ work , ” as in a work cycle , for the best understanding of “ work ” appears to be that work is the constrained release of energy .
in particular , in order to understand [people] we will have to carry out a critique of the physicist ’ s concept of “ work , ” as in a work cycle , for the best understanding of “ work ” appears to be that work is the constrained release of energy .

I have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which constitutes the work by which agents build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”
i have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which constitutes the work by which [people] build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”

That we have seen an autonomous agent , I find myself wondering whether autonomous agents may constitute a proper definition of life itself .
that we have seen an autonomous agent , i find myself wondering whether autonomous [people] may constitute a proper definition of life itself .

Most of the remainder of this book is devoted to examining the unexpected unfoldings of this tentative definition of autonomous agents and , perhaps , life .
most of the remainder of this book is devoted to examining the unexpected unfoldings of this tentative definition of autonomous [people] and , perhaps , life .

Must autonomous agents be “ molecular ” in the familiar sense ?
must autonomous [people] be “ molecular ” in the familiar sense ?

That is , autonomous agents are able to act on their own behalf and regularly do so in order to make a living in an environment .
that is , autonomous [people] are able to act on their own behalf and regularly do so in order to make a living in an environment .

Assume for the sake of discussion that I am right about my formulation of molecular autonomous agents .
assume for the sake of discussion that i am right about my formulation of molecular autonomous [people] .

When life = and I argue , autonomous agents = began , their diversity was low .
when life = and i argue , autonomous [people] = began , their diversity was low .

Natural games , ways of making a living , have obviously coevolved with the autonomous agents , the species , making those livings .
natural games , ways of making a living , have obviously coevolved with the autonomous [people] , the species , making those livings .

The winning games must be those that are readily searched out by the very adaptive search procedures used by the coevolving autonomous agents themselves .
the winning games must be those that are readily searched out by the very adaptive search procedures used by the coevolving autonomous [people] themselves .

In short , a biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous agents and ways of making a living that are themselves self-consistently well searched by the search procedures the autonomous agents are using .
in short , a biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous [people] and ways of making a living that are themselves self-consistently well searched by the search procedures the autonomous [people] are using .

A biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous agents making livings , the natural games that constitute those livings , and the search mechanisms that allow such modes of living to be persistently mastered by adaptive natural selection .
a biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous [people] making livings , the natural games that constitute those livings , and the search mechanisms that allow such modes of living to be persistently mastered by adaptive natural selection .

I believe that autonomous agents will prove central to that eVort .
i believe that autonomous [people] will prove central to that evort .

The next feature of autonomous agents that I will note in closing this chapter will be central to any general biology .
the next feature of autonomous [people] that i will note in closing this chapter will be central to any general biology .

Indeed , the coevolution of autonomous agents naturally leads to a linked web of exergonic and endergonic reactions within and between the autonomous agents .
indeed , the coevolution of autonomous [people] naturally leads to a linked web of exergonic and endergonic reactions within and between the autonomous [people] .

Precisely because autonomous agents carry out work cycles , they = we = literally build a biosphere .
precisely because autonomous [people] carry out work cycles , they = we = literally build a biosphere .

Then let me draw an analogy for bacterial species or other autonomous agents .
then let me draw an analogy for bacterial species or other autonomous [people] .

Let the advantages of trade map into mutualistic interactions in which you and I , two species of autonomous agents , help one another reproduce more rapidly .
let the advantages of trade map into mutualistic interactions in which you and i , two species of autonomous [people] , help one another reproduce more rapidly .

In at least some simple models , when autonomous agents form a mutualism , A and B helping one another , they have found a means to create advantages of trade , and they can find and remain on a fixed point on the contract curve that establishes an exchange ratio = the price .
in at least some simple models , when autonomous [people] form a mutualism , a and b helping one another , they have found a means to create advantages of trade , and they can find and remain on a fixed point on the contract curve that establishes an exchange ratio = the price .

As noted earlier , the fact that autonomous agents do link exergonic and endergonic reactions is central to the creation of advantages of trade and hence , new niches , new mutualistic opportunities .
as noted earlier , the fact that autonomous [people] do link exergonic and endergonic reactions is central to the creation of advantages of trade and hence , new niches , new mutualistic opportunities .

The major enquiry of Investigations has concerned autonomous agents and their coconstruction of biospheres and econospheres whose configuration spaces can not be finitely prestated .
the major enquiry of investigations has concerned autonomous [people] and their coconstruction of biospheres and econospheres whose configuration spaces can not be finitely prestated .

We have seen hints of such a theory in the coconstruction of biospheres and econospheres by the self-consistent search of autonomous agents for ways to make a living , the resulting exapting novel ways of making livings , the fact that new adjacent niches for yet further new species grow in diversity faster than the species whose generation creates those new adjacent possible niches , and the search mechanisms to master those modes of being .
we have seen hints of such a theory in the coconstruction of biospheres and econospheres by the self-consistent search of autonomous [people] for ways to make a living , the resulting exapting novel ways of making livings , the fact that new adjacent niches for yet further new species grow in diversity faster than the species whose generation creates those new adjacent possible niches , and the search mechanisms to master those modes of being .

Travel agents in Çanakkale , across the strait , provide guided tours of the peninsula .
travel [people] in çanakkale , across the strait , provide guided tours of the peninsula .

Shopping Open hours ( see page 119 ) vary considerably , with news agents and sandwich bars open well before 9am and other stores by 9:30 or 9:45am .
shopping open hours ( see page 119 ) vary considerably , with news [people] and sandwich bars open well before 9am and other stores by 9:30 or 9:45am .

It is also developing quickly and is strongly promoted by resort and travel agents in Kuala Terengganu , though there still lies the promise of crystal-clear waters for scuba diving .
it is also developing quickly and is strongly promoted by resort and travel [people] in kuala terengganu , though there still lies the promise of crystal-clear waters for scuba diving .

International travel agents were given a tour of the country , including a visit to Bali that coincided with an important Balinese ceremony in March 1963 at the so-called “ mother temple ” Besakih , on the slopes of the island ’ s highest mountain , Gunung Agung .
international travel [people] were given a tour of the country , including a visit to bali that coincided with an important balinese ceremony in march 1963 at the so-called “ mother temple ” besakih , on the slopes of the island ’ s highest mountain , gunung agung .

Here you will find shops , restaurants , currency exchange offices , and travel agents .
here you will find shops , restaurants , currency exchange offices , and travel [people] .

Any of dozens of local travel agents can quickly arrange an excursion to lakeside villages , including the market at Wase .
any of dozens of local travel [people] can quickly arrange an excursion to lakeside villages , including the market at wase .

St. George ’ s boomed during the Civil War ; the town seethed with sailors , speculators , Confederate agents , and Union spies .
st. george ’ s boomed during the civil war ; the town seethed with sailors , speculators , confederate [people] , and union spies .

The largest , by far , is the modern section and the center of this , clustered around the palm trees and fountains of the Parque de la Alameda , is taken up with busy sidewalk cafés , smart boutiques , banks , and real estate agents ’ offices .
the largest , by far , is the modern section and the center of this , clustered around the palm trees and fountains of the parque de la alameda , is taken up with busy sidewalk cafés , smart boutiques , banks , and real estate [people] ’ offices .

The oldest department store is Trimingham ’ s , which has a comprehensive range of designer goods such as perfume and clothing , but other stores act as exclusive agents for certain producers ( for example , Bluck ’ s and Cooper ’ s specialize in china and crystal ) .
the oldest department store is trimingham ’ s , which has a comprehensive range of designer goods such as perfume and clothing , but other stores act as exclusive [people] for certain producers ( for example , bluck ’ s and cooper ’ s specialize in china and crystal ) .

Meanwhile , Sweat 's granddaughter called Salt Lake City housing officials , federal housing officials , state officials and several agents of Utah Nonprofit Housing to find out about her grandmother 's rights .
meanwhile , sweat 's granddaughter called salt lake city housing officials , federal housing officials , state officials and several [people] of utah nonprofit housing to find out about her grandmother 's rights .

The attitudes of helping agents towards the alcoholic client : The influence of experience , support , training , and self-esteem .
the attitudes of helping [people] towards the alcoholic client : the influence of experience , support , training , and self-esteem .

For example , through the workgroup meetings , employees identified the need for recruiting supervisory special agents to even out some of the workload .
for example , through the workgroup meetings , employees identified the need for recruiting supervisory special [people] to even out some of the workload .

Among the organizations we studied , the pressures applied by oversight entities and top management were instrumental as change agents .
among the organizations we studied , the pressures applied by oversight entities and top management were instrumental as change [people] .

Tax receipts are generally collected from the public by the IRS ( Internal Revenue Service ) and , to a lesser extent , by the Customs Service and other entities acting as agents for the recipient entities rather than on their own behalf .
tax receipts are generally collected from the public by the irs ( internal revenue service ) and , to a lesser extent , by the customs service and other entities acting as [people] for the recipient entities rather than on their own behalf .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing page 3 gao/ogc-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease [people] into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

The Secret Service has also assigned eight agents who have received specialized training in all areas of electronic crimes through its Electronic Crimes Special Agent Program .
the secret service has also assigned eight [people] who have received specialized training in all areas of electronic crimes through its electronic crimes special agent program .

One example of how we have adapted this participant-observer approach was in GGD 's study of the services available to taxpayers from IRS after IRS reduced the number of public information agents ( U.S. General Accounting Office , April 5 , 1984 ) .
one example of how we have adapted this participant-observer approach was in ggd 's study of the services available to taxpayers from irs after irs reduced the number of public information [people] ( u.s. general accounting office , april 5 , 1984 ) .

Chief among these were Kevin Manson , Instructor , Financial Fraud Institute , Federal Law Enforcement Training Center ; the Small Business Administration 's Counsel to the Inspector General ; and special agents of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ; the U.S. Attorney 's Office , Southern District of New York ; the Federal Bureau of Investigation ; and the Department of the Treasury , Office of the Inspector General for Tax Administration .
chief among these were kevin manson , instructor , financial fraud institute , federal law enforcement training center ; the small business administration 's counsel to the inspector general ; and special [people] of the national aeronautics and space administration ; the u.s. attorney 's office , southern district of new york ; the federal bureau of investigation ; and the department of the treasury , office of the inspector general for tax administration .

Recognizing the business transformation potential of IT , these executives also position their CIOs as change agents with responsibility for applying technology to achieve major improvements in fundamental business processes and operations .
recognizing the business transformation potential of it , these executives also position their cios as change [people] with responsibility for applying technology to achieve major improvements in fundamental business processes and operations .

They may also serve as business change agents , challenging conventional approaches and developing new methods and systems for delivering mission benefits .
they may also serve as business change [people] , challenging conventional approaches and developing new methods and systems for delivering mission benefits .

This is one of the most important federal protections for agricultural workers , and green card holders who were recruited in Mexico by agents of U.S. growers have a federal cause of action for such misrepresentations .
this is one of the most important federal protections for agricultural workers , and green card holders who were recruited in mexico by [people] of u.s. growers have a federal cause of action for such misrepresentations .

Personnel collecting effluent samples and conducting toxicity tests should take all safety precautions necessary for the prevention of bodily injury and illness which might result from ingestion or invasion of infectious agents , inhalation or absorption of corrosive or toxic substances through skin contact , and asphyxiation due to lack of oxygen or presence of noxious gases .
personnel collecting effluent samples and conducting toxicity tests should take all safety precautions necessary for the prevention of bodily injury and illness which might result from ingestion or invasion of infectious [people] , inhalation or absorption of corrosive or toxic substances through skin contact , and asphyxiation due to lack of oxygen or presence of noxious gases .

Personnel collecting effluent samples and conducting toxicity tests should take all safety precautions necessary for the prevention of bodily injury and illness which might result from ingestion or invasion of infectious agents , inhalation or absorption of corrosive or toxic substances through skin contact , and asphyxiation due to a lack of oxygen or the presence of noxious gases .
personnel collecting effluent samples and conducting toxicity tests should take all safety precautions necessary for the prevention of bodily injury and illness which might result from ingestion or invasion of infectious [people] , inhalation or absorption of corrosive or toxic substances through skin contact , and asphyxiation due to a lack of oxygen or the presence of noxious gases .

Personnel collecting effluent samples and conducting toxicity tests should take all safety precautions necessary for the prevention of bodily injury and illness which might result from ingestion or invasion of infectious agents , inhalation or absorption of corrosive or toxic substances through skin contact , and asphyxiation due to lack of oxygen or presence of noxious gases .
personnel collecting effluent samples and conducting toxicity tests should take all safety precautions necessary for the prevention of bodily injury and illness which might result from ingestion or invasion of infectious [people] , inhalation or absorption of corrosive or toxic substances through skin contact , and asphyxiation due to lack of oxygen or presence of noxious gases .

Any enhancement of the reagent ( i.e. , magnesium or buffering agents ) will reduce the amount of limestone needed .
any enhancement of the reagent ( i.e. , magnesium or buffering [people] ) will reduce the amount of limestone needed .

This mail is generally picked up by them ( or their agents ) at a post office ( i.e. , it is non-delivered mail ) .
this mail is generally picked up by them ( or their [people] ) at a post office ( i.e. , it is non-delivered mail ) .

The term competitors stands for private firms that compete for portions of postal work , possibly as contractors or agents of mailers or mailing organizations .
the term competitors stands for private firms that compete for portions of postal work , possibly as contractors or [people] of mailers or mailing organizations .

Third , there are arguments that worksharing discounts are needed to send signals to mailers that allow the mailers to decide whether they or their agents can do the work for less than the postal service.5 Fourth , there are those who argue that worksharing discounts are a natural outcome of traditional `` make or buy '' decisions .
third , there are arguments that worksharing discounts are needed to send signals to mailers that allow the mailers to decide whether they or their [people] can do the work for less than the postal service.5 fourth , there are those who argue that worksharing discounts are a natural outcome of traditional `` make or buy '' decisions .

This is because we are in a range where the cost to mailers ( or their agents ) is approximately equal to that of the postal service .
this is because we are in a range where the cost to mailers ( or their [people] ) is approximately equal to that of the postal service .

In detention , KSM denies that al Qaeda had any agents in Southern California .
in detention , ksm denies that al qaeda had any [people] in southern california .

Some agents suspect that Aulaqi may have tasked Rababah to help Hazmi and Hanjour .
some [people] suspect that aulaqi may have tasked rababah to help hazmi and hanjour .

After a short stay in Connecticut , where they apparently called area flight schools and real estate agents , Rababah drove the four to Paterson to have dinner and show them around .
after a short stay in connecticut , where they apparently called area flight schools and real estate [people] , rababah drove the four to paterson to have dinner and show them around .

Throughout this period ( 9:03 to 9:59 ) , a group of NYPD and Port Authority police officers , as well as two Secret Service agents , continued to assist civilians leaving the North Tower .
throughout this period ( 9:03 to 9:59 ) , a group of nypd and port authority police officers , as well as two secret service [people] , continued to assist civilians leaving the north tower .

Jane '' also apparently did not realize that one of the agents in attendance was a designated intelligence agent , so she could have shared all of the information with that agent regardless of the caveats .
jane '' also apparently did not realize that one of the [people] in attendance was a designated intelligence agent , so she could have shared all of the information with that agent regardless of the caveats .

In December 2000 , pursuant to concerns of the FISA Court , the New York Field Office began designating certain agents as either intelligence or criminal agents .
in december 2000 , pursuant to concerns of the fisa court , the new york field office began designating certain [people] as either intelligence or criminal [people] .

Intelligence agents could see FISA materials and any other information that bore cautions about sharing without obtaining the FISA Court 's permission or permission from the Justice Department 's OIPR .
intelligence [people] could see fisa materials and any other information that bore cautions about sharing without obtaining the fisa court 's permission or permission from the justice department 's oipr .

The analyst 's email , however , reflects that she was confusing a broad array of caveats and legal barriers to information sharing and rules governing criminal agents ' use of information gathered through intelligence channels .
the analyst 's email , however , reflects that she was confusing a broad array of caveats and legal barriers to information sharing and rules governing criminal [people] ' use of information gathered through intelligence channels .

There was no broad prohibition against sharing information gathered through intelligence channels with criminal agents .
there was no broad prohibition against sharing information gathered through intelligence channels with criminal [people] .

The attorney told investigators that the NSA caveats would not have precluded criminal agents from joining in any search for Mihdhar or from participating in any interview .
the attorney told investigators that the nsa caveats would not have precluded criminal [people] from joining in any search for mihdhar or from participating in any interview .

More fundamentally , '' Jane '' apparently understood the welter of restrictions to mean , in workday shorthand , that any information gathered by intelligence agencies should not be shared with criminal agents .
more fundamentally , '' jane '' apparently understood the welter of restrictions to mean , in workday shorthand , that any information gathered by intelligence agencies should not be shared with criminal [people] .

The 1995 procedures did not govern whether information could be shared between intelligence and criminal agents within the FBI , a separation that the Bureau did not begin making formally until long after the procedures were in place .
the 1995 procedures did not govern whether information could be shared between intelligence and criminal [people] within the fbi , a separation that the bureau did not begin making formally until long after the procedures were in place .

The FISA Court 's concern with FBI sloppiness in its FISA applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the FBI was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory FBI agent from appearing before it .
the fisa court 's concern with fbi sloppiness in its fisa applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the fbi was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence [people] ; and the court banned one supervisory fbi agent from appearing before it .

By late 2000 , these factors had culminated in a set of complex rules and a widening set of beliefs-a bureaucratic culture-that discouraged FBI agents from even seeking to share intelligence information .
by late 2000 , these factors had culminated in a set of complex rules and a widening set of beliefs-a bureaucratic culture-that discouraged fbi [people] from even seeking to share intelligence information .

On August 27 , `` Jane '' requested the NSA 's permission to share the information with the criminal agents , but she intended for the information only to help the criminal agents in their ongoing Cole investigation .
on august 27 , `` jane '' requested the nsa 's permission to share the information with the criminal [people] , but she intended for the information only to help the criminal [people] in their ongoing cole investigation .

The next day the NSA notified its representative at FBI headquarters that it had approved the passage of the information to the criminal agents .
the next day the nsa notified its representative at fbi headquarters that it had approved the passage of the information to the criminal [people] .

Because the agents never presented the information to the Minneapolis U.S. Attorney 's Office before 9/11 , we can not know for sure what its judgment would have been or whether a judge would have signed the warrant .
because the [people] never presented the information to the minneapolis u.s. attorney 's office before 9/11 , we can not know for sure what its judgment would have been or whether a judge would have signed the warrant .

In any event , the Minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the U.S. Attorney 's Office or the judge refused , the FISA Court might reject an application for a FISA warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .
in any event , the minneapolis [people] were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the u.s. attorney 's office or the judge refused , the fisa court might reject an application for a fisa warrant on the grounds that the [people] were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .

Three models exist for strengthened prescreening : ( 1 ) better screening by airlines , such as the use of improved document authentication technology ; ( 2 ) posting of border agents or inspectors in foreign airports to work cooperatively with foreign counterparts ; and ( 3 ) establishing a full preinspection regime , such as now exists for travel to the United States from Canada and Ireland .
three models exist for strengthened prescreening : ( 1 ) better screening by airlines , such as the use of improved document authentication technology ; ( 2 ) posting of border [people] or inspectors in foreign airports to work cooperatively with foreign counterparts ; and ( 3 ) establishing a full preinspection regime , such as now exists for travel to the united states from canada and ireland .

On returning to the United States , Hage was met at the airport by FBI agents , interrogated , and called the next day before the federal grand jury then investigating Bin Ladin .
on returning to the united states , hage was met at the airport by fbi [people] , interrogated , and called the next day before the federal grand jury then investigating bin ladin .

This created significant friction between agents in the respective offices .
this created significant friction between [people] in the respective offices .

For the comparison to drug agents , see testimony of Dick Thornburgh before the Subcommittee on Commerce , State , Justice , the Judiciary , and Related Agencies of the House Appropriations Committee , June 18 , 2003 , p. 20 .
for the comparison to drug [people] , see testimony of dick thornburgh before the subcommittee on commerce , state , justice , the judiciary , and related agencies of the house appropriations committee , june 18 , 2003 , p. 20 .

On barriers between agents on same squads , see Larry Parkinson interview ( Feb. 24 , 2004 ) ; Michael Vatis interview ( Jan. 21 , 2004 ) ; DOJ Inspector General interview of Thomas A. , May 28 , 2003 .
on barriers between [people] on same squads , see larry parkinson interview ( feb. 24 , 2004 ) ; michael vatis interview ( jan. 21 , 2004 ) ; doj inspector general interview of thomas a. , may 28 , 2003 .

On incorrect interpretation by field agents , see Joint Inquiry report , pp .
on incorrect interpretation by field [people] , see joint inquiry report , pp .

For an example of the barriers between agents , see DOJ emails , Jane to Steve B. , interpreting the wall to apply to non-FISA information , Aug. 29 , 2001 ; David Kris interview ( Jan. 15 , 2004 ) .
for an example of the barriers between [people] , see doj emails , jane to steve b. , interpreting the wall to apply to non-fisa information , aug. 29 , 2001 ; david kris interview ( jan. 15 , 2004 ) .

In December 1999 , NSA began placing caveats on all of its Bin Ladin reports that precluded sharing of any of the reports ' contents with criminal prosecutors or FBI agents investigating criminal matters without first obtaining OIPR 's permission .
in december 1999 , nsa began placing caveats on all of its bin ladin reports that precluded sharing of any of the reports ' contents with criminal prosecutors or fbi [people] investigating criminal matters without first obtaining oipr 's permission .

In November 2000 , in response to direction from the FISA Court , NSA modified these caveats to require that consent for sharing the information with prosecutors or criminal agents be obtained from NSA 's Customer Needs and Delivery Services group .
in november 2000 , in response to direction from the fisa court , nsa modified these caveats to require that consent for sharing the information with prosecutors or criminal [people] be obtained from nsa 's customer needs and delivery services group .

On the number of agents , see INS newsletter , `` INS Commissioner Meissner Announces Departure , '' Jan. 2001 ; INS news release , '' INS to Hire More than 800 Immigration Inspectors Nationwide , '' Jan. 12 , 2001 ; Gregory Bednarz prepared statement , Oct. 9 , 2003 , p. 5 .
on the number of [people] , see ins newsletter , `` ins commissioner meissner announces departure , '' jan. 2001 ; ins news release , '' ins to hire more than 800 immigration inspectors nationwide , '' jan. 12 , 2001 ; gregory bednarz prepared statement , oct. 9 , 2003 , p. 5 .

For number of agents on Canadian border , the Canadian situation generally , and the inspector general 's recommendations , see INS report , `` Northern Border Strategy , '' Jan. 9 , 2001 ; DOJ Inspector General report , '' Followup Review of the Border Patrol Efforts Along the Northern Border , '' Apr .
for number of [people] on canadian border , the canadian situation generally , and the inspector general 's recommendations , see ins report , `` northern border strategy , '' jan. 9 , 2001 ; doj inspector general report , '' followup review of the border patrol efforts along the northern border , '' apr .

FBI agents found that the man 's statements about his flight training were true and that his firearms were legally registered .
fbi [people] found that the man 's statements about his flight training were true and that his firearms were legally registered .

Most agents who reached management ranks had little counterterrorism experience .
most [people] who reached management ranks had little counterterrorism experience .

The special agents in charge gained power , influence , and independence .
the special [people] in charge gained power , influence , and independence .

He also urged agents not to wait for terrorist acts to occur before taking action .
he also urged [people] not to wait for terrorist acts to occur before taking action .

It envisioned the creation of a professional intelligence cadre of experienced and trained agents and analysts .
it envisioned the creation of a professional intelligence cadre of experienced and trained [people] and analysts .

In 2000 , there were still twice as many agents devoted to drug enforcement as to counterterrorism .
in 2000 , there were still twice as many [people] devoted to drug enforcement as to counterterrorism .

Collection of intelligence from human sources was limited , and agents were inadequately trained .
collection of intelligence from human sources was limited , and [people] were inadequately trained .

Only three days of a 16-week agents ' course were devoted to counterintelligence and counterterrorism , and most subsequent training was received on the job .
only three days of a 16-week [people] ' course were devoted to counterintelligence and counterterrorism , and most subsequent training was received on the job .

The FBI did not dedicate sufficient resources to the surveillance and translation needs of counterterrorism agents .
the fbi did not dedicate sufficient resources to the surveillance and translation needs of counterterrorism [people] .

FBI agents did create records of interviews and other investigative efforts , but there were no reports officers to condense the information into meaningful intelligence that could be retrieved and disseminated .
fbi [people] did create records of interviews and other investigative efforts , but there were no reports officers to condense the information into meaningful intelligence that could be retrieved and disseminated .

For many years the attorney general could authorize surveillance of foreign powers and agents of foreign powers without any court review , but in 1978 Congress passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.29This law regulated intelligence collection directed at foreign powers and agents of foreign powers in the United States .
for many years the attorney general could authorize surveillance of foreign powers and [people] of foreign powers without any court review , but in 1978 congress passed the foreign intelligence surveillance act.29this law regulated intelligence collection directed at foreign powers and [people] of foreign powers in the united states .

It worried that because of the numerous prior consultations between FBI agents and prosecutors , the judge might rule that the FISA warrants had been misused .
it worried that because of the numerous prior consultations between fbi [people] and prosecutors , the judge might rule that the fisa warrants had been misused .

The 1995 procedures dealt only with sharing between agents and criminal prosecutors , not between two kinds of FBI agents , those working on intelligence matters and those working on criminal matters .
the 1995 procedures dealt only with sharing between [people] and criminal prosecutors , not between two kinds of fbi [people] , those working on intelligence matters and those working on criminal matters .

Pressure from the Office of Intelligence Policy Review , FBI leadership , and the FISA Court built barriers between agents-even agents serving on the same squads .
pressure from the office of intelligence policy review , fbi leadership , and the fisa court built barriers between agents-even [people] serving on the same squads .

FBI Deputy Director Bryant reinforced the Office 's caution by informing agents that too much information sharing could be a career stopper .
fbi deputy director bryant reinforced the office 's caution by informing [people] that too much information sharing could be a career stopper .

Agents in the field began to believe-incorrectly-that no FISA information could be shared with agents working on criminal investigations .
[people] in the field began to believe-incorrectly-that no fisa information could be shared with [people] working on criminal investigations .

Both prosecutors and FBI agents argued that they were barred by court rules from sharing grand jury information , even though the prohibition applied only to that small fraction that had been presented to a grand jury , and even that prohibition had exceptions .
both prosecutors and fbi [people] argued that they were barred by court rules from sharing grand jury information , even though the prohibition applied only to that small fraction that had been presented to a grand jury , and even that prohibition had exceptions .

The department 's Drug Enforcement Administration had , as of 2001 , more than 4,500 agents .
the department 's drug enforcement administration had , as of 2001 , more than 4,500 [people] .

There were a number of occasions when DEA agents were able to introduce sources to the FBI or CIA for counterterrorism use .
there were a number of occasions when dea [people] were able to introduce sources to the fbi or cia for counterterrorism use .

The Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) , with its 9,000 Border Patrol agents , 4,500 inspectors , and 2,000 immigration special agents , had perhaps the greatest potential to develop an expanded role in counterterrorism .
the immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) , with its 9,000 border patrol [people] , 4,500 inspectors , and 2,000 immigration special [people] , had perhaps the greatest potential to develop an expanded role in counterterrorism .

Border Patrol agents were still using manual typewriters ; inspectors at ports of entry were using a paper watchlist ; the asylum and other benefits systems did not effectively deter fraudulent applicants .
border patrol [people] were still using manual typewriters ; inspectors at ports of entry were using a paper watchlist ; the asylum and other benefits systems did not effectively deter fraudulent applicants .

Congress , with the support of the Clinton administration , doubled the number of Border Patrol agents required along the border with Mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .
congress , with the support of the clinton administration , doubled the number of border patrol [people] required along the border with mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .

Despite examples of terrorists entering from Canada , awareness of terrorist activity in Canada and its more lenient immigration laws , and an inspector general 's report recommending that the Border Patrol develop a northern border strategy , the only positive step was that the number of Border Patrol agents was not cut any further .
despite examples of terrorists entering from canada , awareness of terrorist activity in canada and its more lenient immigration laws , and an inspector general 's report recommending that the border patrol develop a northern border strategy , the only positive step was that the number of border patrol [people] was not cut any further .

Mayors in cities with large immigrant populations sometimes imposed limits on city employee cooperation with federal immigration agents .
mayors in cities with large immigrant populations sometimes imposed limits on city employee cooperation with federal immigration [people] .

Congress kept the number of INS agents static in the face of the overwhelming problem .
congress kept the number of ins [people] static in the face of the overwhelming problem .

Given the Secret Service 's mission to protect the president and other high officials , its agents did become involved with those of the FBI whenever terrorist assassination plots were rumored .
given the secret service 's mission to protect the president and other high officials , its [people] did become involved with those of the fbi whenever terrorist assassination plots were rumored .

The Customs Service deployed agents at all points of entry into the United States .
the customs service deployed [people] at all points of entry into the united states .

Its agents worked alongside INS agents , and the two groups sometimes cooperated .
its [people] worked alongside ins [people] , and the two groups sometimes cooperated .

As FBI agents emphasized to us , the FBI and the Justice Department do not have cruise missiles .
as fbi [people] emphasized to us , the fbi and the justice department do not have cruise missiles .

Though obviously unreliable , Ames had been protected and promoted by fellow officers while he paid his bills by selling to the Soviet Union the names of U.S. operatives and agents , a number of whom died as a result .
though obviously unreliable , ames had been protected and promoted by fellow officers while he paid his bills by selling to the soviet union the names of u.s. operatives and [people] , a number of whom died as a result .

Kuwaiti security services warned Washington that Iraqi agents were planning to assassinate the former president .
kuwaiti security services warned washington that iraqi [people] were planning to assassinate the former president .

RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS BEFORE THE BOMBINGS IN KENYA AND TANZANIA Although the 1995 National Intelligence Estimate had warned of a new type of terrorism , many officials continued to think of terrorists as agents of states ( Saudi Hezbollah acting for Iran against Khobar Towers ) or as domestic criminals ( Timothy Mc Veigh in Oklahoma City ) .
responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults before the bombings in kenya and tanzania although the 1995 national intelligence estimate had warned of a new type of terrorism , many officials continued to think of terrorists as [people] of states ( saudi hezbollah acting for iran against khobar towers ) or as domestic criminals ( timothy mc veigh in oklahoma city ) .

More confirmation was supplied later that year by intelligence and other sources , including material gathered by FBI agents and Kenyan police from an al Qaeda cell in Nairobi .
more confirmation was supplied later that year by intelligence and other sources , including material gathered by fbi [people] and kenyan police from an al qaeda cell in nairobi .

It was the duty of Tenet and the CIA leadership to balance the risks of inaction against jeopardizing the lives of their operatives and agents .
it was the duty of tenet and the cia leadership to balance the risks of inaction against jeopardizing the lives of their operatives and [people] .

Other efforts with the Saudi government centered on improving intelligence sharing and permitting U.S. agents to interrogate prisoners in Saudi custody .
other efforts with the saudi government centered on improving intelligence sharing and permitting u.s. [people] to interrogate prisoners in saudi custody .

A message from Tenet to CIA field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the President : the United States preferred that Bin Ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .
a message from tenet to cia field [people] directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the president : the united states preferred that bin ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .

Acting FBI Director Thomas Pickard told us he had one of his periodic conference calls with all special agents in charge on July 19 .
acting fbi director thomas pickard told us he had one of his periodic conference calls with all special [people] in charge on july 19 .

He noted that two key al Qaeda members in the Jordanian cell involved in the millennium plot were naturalized U.S. citizens and that one jihadist suspected in the East Africa bombings had `` informed the FBI that an extensive network of al Qida 'sleeper agents ' currently exists in the US . ''
he noted that two key al qaeda members in the jordanian cell involved in the millennium plot were naturalized u.s. citizens and that one jihadist suspected in the east africa bombings had `` informed the fbi that an extensive network of al qida 'sleeper [people] ' currently exists in the us . ''

Acting FBI Director Pickard told us that in addition to his July 19 conference call , he mentioned the heightened terrorist threat in individual calls with the special agents in charge of field offices during their annual performance review discussions .
acting fbi director pickard told us that in addition to his july 19 conference call , he mentioned the heightened terrorist threat in individual calls with the special [people] in charge of field offices during their annual performance review discussions .

In speaking with agents around the country , we found little evidence that any such concerns had reached FBI personnel beyond the New York Field Office .
in speaking with [people] around the country , we found little evidence that any such concerns had reached fbi personnel beyond the new york field office .

Chasing Quso 's trail , `` Dave '' suggested showing some photographs to FBI agents in New York who were working on the Cole case and had interviewed Quso .
chasing quso 's trail , `` dave '' suggested showing some photographs to fbi [people] in new york who were working on the cole case and had interviewed quso .

At some point in the meeting she showed the photographs to the agents and asked whether they recognized Quso in any of them .
at some point in the meeting she showed the photographs to the [people] and asked whether they recognized quso in any of them .

The agents asked questions about the photographs- Why were they taken ?
the [people] asked questions about the photographs- why were they taken ?

Therefore `` Jane '' concluded that she could not pass on information from those reports to the agents .
therefore `` jane '' concluded that she could not pass on information from those reports to the [people] .

The agents would have established a link to the suspected facility from their work on the embassy bombings case .
the [people] would have established a link to the suspected facility from their work on the embassy bombings case .

The sad irony is that the agents who found the source were being kept from obtaining the fruits of their own work .
the sad irony is that the [people] who found the source were being kept from obtaining the fruits of their own work .

The New York agents left the meeting without obtaining information that might have started them looking for Mihdhar .
the new york [people] left the meeting without obtaining information that might have started them looking for mihdhar .

He also sent it to the Cole case agents and an agent who had spent significant time in Malaysia searching for another Khalid : Khalid Sheikh Mohammad .
he also sent it to the cole case [people] and an agent who had spent significant time in malaysia searching for another khalid : khalid sheikh mohammad .

One of the Cole case agents read the lead with interest , and contacted `` Jane '' to obtain more information . ''
one of the cole case [people] read the lead with interest , and contacted `` jane '' to obtain more information . ''

As a result of this confusion , the criminal agents who were knowledgeable about al Qaeda and experienced with criminal investigative techniques , including finding suspects and possible criminal charges , were thus excluded from the search .
as a result of this confusion , the criminal [people] who were knowledgeable about al qaeda and experienced with criminal investigative techniques , including finding suspects and possible criminal charges , were thus excluded from the search .

Many FBI witnesses have suggested that even if Mihdhar had been found , there was nothing the agents could have done except follow him onto the planes .
many fbi witnesses have suggested that even if mihdhar had been found , there was nothing the [people] could have done except follow him onto the planes .

In July 2001 , an FBI agent in the Phoenix field office sent a memo to FBI headquarters and to two agents on international terrorism squads in the New York Field Office , advising of the `` possibility of a coordinated effort by Usama Bin Ladin '' to send students to the United States to attend civil aviation schools .
in july 2001 , an fbi agent in the phoenix field office sent a memo to fbi headquarters and to two [people] on international terrorism squads in the new york field office , advising of the `` possibility of a coordinated effort by usama bin ladin '' to send students to the united states to attend civil aviation schools .

The agents in Minnesota were concerned that the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Minneapolis would find insufficient probable cause of a crime to obtain a criminal warrant to search Moussaoui 's laptop computer .
the [people] in minnesota were concerned that the u.s. attorney 's office in minneapolis would find insufficient probable cause of a crime to obtain a criminal warrant to search moussaoui 's laptop computer .

Agents at FBI headquarters believed there was insufficient probable cause .
[people] at fbi headquarters believed there was insufficient probable cause .

Although the Minneapolis agents wanted to tell the FAA from the beginning about Moussaoui , FBI headquarters instructed Minneapolis that it could not share the more complete report the case agent had prepared for the FAA .
although the minneapolis [people] wanted to tell the faa from the beginning about moussaoui , fbi headquarters instructed minneapolis that it could not share the more complete report the case agent had prepared for the faa .

There was substantial disagreement between Minneapolis agents and FBI headquarters as to what Moussaoui was planning to do .
there was substantial disagreement between minneapolis [people] and fbi headquarters as to what moussaoui was planning to do .

As mentioned above , before 9/11 the FBI agents in Minneapolis had failed to persuade supervisors at headquarters that there was enough evidence to seek a FISA warrant to search Moussaoui 's computer hard drive and belongings .
as mentioned above , before 9/11 the fbi [people] in minneapolis had failed to persuade supervisors at headquarters that there was enough evidence to seek a fisa warrant to search moussaoui 's computer hard drive and belongings .

Beginning on September 11 , Immigration and Naturalization Service agents working in cooperation with the FBI began arresting individuals for immigration violations whom they encountered while following up leads in the FBI 's investigation of the 9/11 attacks .
beginning on september 11 , immigration and naturalization service [people] working in cooperation with the fbi began arresting individuals for immigration violations whom they encountered while following up leads in the fbi 's investigation of the 9/11 attacks .

The FBI does need to be able to direct its thousands of agents and other employees to collect intelligence in America 's cities and towns-interviewing informants , conducting surveillance and searches , tracking individuals , working collaboratively with local authorities , and doing so with meticulous attention to detail and compliance with the law .
the fbi does need to be able to direct its thousands of [people] and other employees to collect intelligence in america 's cities and towns-interviewing informants , conducting surveillance and searches , tracking individuals , working collaboratively with local authorities , and doing so with meticulous attention to detail and compliance with the law .

Because the FBI can have agents working criminal matters and agents working intelligence investigations concerning the same international terrorism target , the full range of investigative tools against a suspected terrorist can be considered within one agency .
because the fbi can have [people] working criminal matters and [people] working intelligence investigations concerning the same international terrorism target , the full range of investigative tools against a suspected terrorist can be considered within one agency .

As we mentioned in chapter 3 , we have been impressed by the determination that agents display in tracking down details , patiently going the extra mile and working the extra month , to put facts in the place of speculation .
as we mentioned in chapter 3 , we have been impressed by the determination that [people] display in tracking down details , patiently going the extra mile and working the extra month , to put facts in the place of speculation .

In our report we have shown how agents in Phoenix , Minneapolis , and New York displayed initiative in pressing their investigations .
in our report we have shown how [people] in phoenix , minneapolis , and new york displayed initiative in pressing their investigations .

FBI agents and analysts in the field need to have sustained support and dedicated resources to become stronger intelligence officers .
fbi [people] and analysts in the field need to have sustained support and dedicated resources to become stronger intelligence officers .

Specifically , he has recognized that the FBI needs to recruit from a broader pool of candidates , that agents and analysts working on national security matters require specialized training , and that agents should specialize within programs after obtaining a generalist foundation .
specifically , he has recognized that the fbi needs to recruit from a broader pool of candidates , that [people] and analysts working on national security matters require specialized training , and that [people] should specialize within programs after obtaining a generalist foundation .

The FBI is developing career tracks for agents to specialize in counterterrorism/counterintelligence , cyber crimes , criminal investigations , or intelligence .
the fbi is developing career tracks for [people] to specialize in counterterrorism/counterintelligence , cyber crimes , criminal investigations , or intelligence .

It is establishing a program for certifying agents as intelligence officers , a certification that will be a prerequisite for promotion to the senior ranks of the Bureau .
it is establishing a program for certifying [people] as intelligence officers , a certification that will be a prerequisite for promotion to the senior ranks of the bureau .

Recommendation : A specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the FBI consisting of agents , analysts , linguists , and surveillance specialists who are recruited , trained , rewarded , and retained to ensure the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security .
recommendation : a specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the fbi consisting of [people] , analysts , linguists , and surveillance specialists who are recruited , trained , rewarded , and retained to ensure the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security .

Recognizing that cross-fertilization between the criminal justice and national security disciplines is vital to the success of both missions , all new agents should receive basic training in both areas .
recognizing that cross-fertilization between the criminal justice and national security disciplines is vital to the success of both missions , all new [people] should receive basic training in both areas .

Furthermore , new agents should begin their careers with meaningful assignments in both areas .
furthermore , new [people] should begin their careers with meaningful assignments in both areas .

Agents and analysts should then specialize in one of these disciplines and have the option to work such matters for their entire career with the Bureau .
[people] and analysts should then specialize in one of these disciplines and have the option to work such matters for their entire career with the bureau .

The FBI should fully implement a recruiting , hiring , and selection process for agents and analysts that enhances its ability to target and attract individuals with educational and professional backgrounds in intelligence , international relations , language , technology , and other relevant skills .
the fbi should fully implement a recruiting , hiring , and selection process for [people] and analysts that enhances its ability to target and attract individuals with educational and professional backgrounds in intelligence , international relations , language , technology , and other relevant skills .

The FBI should institute the integration of analysts , agents , linguists , and surveillance personnel in the field so that a dedicated team approach is brought to bear on national security intelligence operations .
the fbi should institute the integration of analysts , [people] , linguists , and surveillance personnel in the field so that a dedicated team approach is brought to bear on national security intelligence operations .

The network designed for sharing information , and the work of the FBI through local Joint Terrorism Task Forces , should build a reciprocal relationship , in which state and local agents understand what information they are looking for and , in return , receive some of the information being developed about what is happening , or may happen , in their communities .
the network designed for sharing information , and the work of the fbi through local joint terrorism task forces , should build a reciprocal relationship , in which state and local [people] understand what information they are looking for and , in return , receive some of the information being developed about what is happening , or may happen , in their communities .

After a cursory examination of Ressam 's car , the INS agents allowed Ressam to board the ferry .
after a cursory examination of ressam 's car , the ins [people] allowed ressam to board the ferry .

The senior FBI official for counterterrorism , Dale Watson , was a regular member of the CSG , and Clarke had good relations both with him and with some of the FBI agents handling al Qaeda-related investigations , including John O'Neill in New York .
the senior fbi official for counterterrorism , dale watson , was a regular member of the csg , and clarke had good relations both with him and with some of the fbi [people] handling al qaeda-related investigations , including john o'neill in new york .

As a rule , however , neither Watson nor these agents brought much information to the group .
as a rule , however , neither watson nor these [people] brought much information to the group .

As law enforcement officers , Bureau agents tended to write up only witness interviews .
as law enforcement officers , bureau [people] tended to write up only witness interviews .

By 9/11 , FBI agents understood that there were extremist organizations operating within the United States supporting a global jihadist movement and with substantial connections to al Qaeda .
by 9/11 , fbi [people] understood that there were extremist organizations operating within the united states supporting a global jihadist movement and with substantial connections to al qaeda .

CIA officials also began pressing proposals to use their ties with the Northern Alliance to get American agents on the ground in Afghanistan for an extended period , setting up their own base for covert intelligence collection and activity in the Panjshir Valley and lessening reliance on foreign proxies . ''
cia officials also began pressing proposals to use their ties with the northern alliance to get american [people] on the ground in afghanistan for an extended period , setting up their own base for covert intelligence collection and activity in the panjshir valley and lessening reliance on foreign proxies . ''

America is also held responsible for the governments of Muslim countries , derided by al Qaeda as `` your agents . ''
america is also held responsible for the governments of muslim countries , derided by al qaeda as `` your [people] . ''

Bin Ladin and the `` Afghan Arabs '' drew largely on funds raised by this network , whose agents roamed world markets to buy arms and supplies for the mujahideen , or `` holy warriors . ''
bin ladin and the `` afghan arabs '' drew largely on funds raised by this network , whose [people] roamed world markets to buy arms and supplies for the mujahideen , or `` holy warriors . ''

While agents of Bin Ladin began to buy property in Sudan in 1990 , Bin Ladin himself moved from Afghanistan back to Saudi Arabia .
while [people] of bin ladin began to buy property in sudan in 1990 , bin ladin himself moved from afghanistan back to saudi arabia .

He had joined al Qaeda and taken the oath of fealty to Bin Ladin , serving as one of his business agents .
he had joined al qaeda and taken the oath of fealty to bin ladin , serving as one of his business [people] .

At almost the same time , cell members learned that U.S. and Kenyan agents had searched the Kenya residence of Wadi al Hage , who had become the new on-site manager in Nairobi , and that Hage 's telephone was being tapped .
at almost the same time , cell members learned that u.s. and kenyan [people] had searched the kenya residence of wadi al hage , who had become the new on-site manager in nairobi , and that hage 's telephone was being tapped .

The FBI did not have the capability to link the collective knowledge of agents in the field to national priorities .
the fbi did not have the capability to link the collective knowledge of [people] in the field to national priorities .

UNSCR 1333 also called for countries to withdraw their officials and agents from the Taliban-held part of Afghanistan .
unscr 1333 also called for countries to withdraw their officials and [people] from the taliban-held part of afghanistan .

This assessment is based on an extensive review of FBI files and interviews with agents and supervisors at FBI Headquarters and various field offices .
this assessment is based on an extensive review of fbi files and interviews with [people] and supervisors at fbi headquarters and various field offices .

After the 9/11 attacks , FBI agents in Phoenix considered whether the incident was a `` dry run '' for the attacks .
after the 9/11 attacks , fbi [people] in phoenix considered whether the incident was a `` dry run '' for the attacks .

For FBI agents ' suspicions , see Jim B. interview ( Nov. 6 , 2003 ) .
for fbi [people] ' suspicions , see jim b. interview ( nov. 6 , 2003 ) .

FBI agents write up their interviews on forms called 302s , which we cite as `` FBI report of investigation , interview of John Smith , Oct. 4 , 2001 , '' using the date of the interview .
fbi [people] write up their interviews on forms called 302s , which we cite as `` fbi report of investigation , interview of john smith , oct. 4 , 2001 , '' using the date of the interview .

According to the procedures in place on 9/11 , in addition to those flagged by the CAPPS algorithm , American 's ticket agents were to mark as `` selectees '' those passengers who did not provide correct responses to the required security questions , failed to show proper identification , or met other criteria .
according to the procedures in place on 9/11 , in addition to those flagged by the capps algorithm , american 's ticket [people] were to mark as `` selectees '' those passengers who did not provide correct responses to the required security questions , failed to show proper identification , or met other criteria .

Though the senior agent told someone to convey this information to the Secret Service 's operations center , it either was not passed on or was passed on but not disseminated ; it failed to reach agents assigned to the Vice President , and the Vice President was not evacuated at that time .
though the senior agent told someone to convey this information to the secret service 's operations center , it either was not passed on or was passed on but not disseminated ; it failed to reach [people] assigned to the vice president , and the vice president was not evacuated at that time .

The FAA tower had been contacted by personnel at FAA headquarters , who were on an open line with senior agents from the President 's detail .
the faa tower had been contacted by personnel at faa headquarters , who were on an open line with senior [people] from the president 's detail .

Other evidence we obtained confirmed the importance of letting experienced gate agents or security screeners ask questions and use their judgment .
other evidence we obtained confirmed the importance of letting experienced gate [people] or security screeners ask questions and use their judgment .

Agents propelled him out of his chair and told him he had to get to the bunker .
[people] propelled him out of his chair and told him he had to get to the bunker .

Once inside , Vice President Cheney and the agents paused in an area of the tunnel that had a secure phone , a bench , and television .
once inside , vice president cheney and the [people] paused in an area of the tunnel that had a secure phone , a bench , and television .

Actinomycete antibiotics include such antibacterial compounds as tetracycline and erythromycin , antifungal agents like candicidin and amphotericin , anticancer drugs such as doxorubicin , and the antiparasitic avermectin ( Walsh 2003 ) .
actinomycete antibiotics include such antibacterial compounds as tetracycline and erythromycin , antifungal [people] like candicidin and amphotericin , anticancer drugs such as doxorubicin , and the antiparasitic avermectin ( walsh 2003 ) .

We guess the aim of the chapter is to illustrate that environmental feedbacks can be potent and general agents of evolutionary change , but the restriction of the theory to such a narrow model , with very technical explanation , risks losing the few readers who we suspect will stay the course ( did we really need a rederivation for haplodiploids ? ) .
we guess the aim of the chapter is to illustrate that environmental feedbacks can be potent and general [people] of evolutionary change , but the restriction of the theory to such a narrow model , with very technical explanation , risks losing the few readers who we suspect will stay the course ( did we really need a rederivation for haplodiploids ? ) .

In mammals , the skin and the epithelial lining of the mucosal tissues act as the primary nonspecific barriers , impeding infectious agents from entering the body .
in mammals , the skin and the epithelial lining of the mucosal tissues act as the primary nonspecific barriers , impeding infectious [people] from entering the body .

If infectious agents gain entry into the body , internal innate immune responses become activated and rapidly eliminate the infection .
if infectious [people] gain entry into the body , internal innate immune responses become activated and rapidly eliminate the infection .

Internal innate immune agents and responses include ( amongst others ) low pH of the stomach and vagina , proteolytic enzymes and bile in the small intestine , and phagocytosis .
internal innate immune [people] and responses include ( amongst others ) low ph of the stomach and vagina , proteolytic enzymes and bile in the small intestine , and phagocytosis .

Paul Newhouse and his colleagues at the University of Vermont in Burlington , Vermont , are studying nicotine drugs as potential therapeutic agents for cognitive dysfunction .
paul newhouse and his colleagues at the university of vermont in burlington , vermont , are studying nicotine drugs as potential therapeutic [people] for cognitive dysfunction .

What has been trickier has been to develop an appropriate pharmacology that allows one to selectively target agents for particular therapeutic purposes with an adequate safety index , ” Newhouse says .
what has been trickier has been to develop an appropriate pharmacology that allows one to selectively target [people] for particular therapeutic purposes with an adequate safety index , ” newhouse says .

They can act as anti-oxidants ( to prevent damage from oxygen radicals ) , as chaperones ( to prevent misfolded proteins from forming aggregates ) , as antimicrobials ( to protect against bacteria and fungi ) , and as metabolic agents .
they can act as anti-oxidants ( to prevent damage from oxygen radicals ) , as chaperones ( to prevent misfolded proteins from forming aggregates ) , as antimicrobials ( to protect against bacteria and fungi ) , and as metabolic [people] .

It is clear that , to the extent that small-molecule kinase inhibitors are effective as single agents in treatment of cancer , resistance will develop .
it is clear that , to the extent that small-molecule kinase inhibitors are effective as single [people] in treatment of cancer , resistance will develop .

It is possible to imagine species with cytoplasmic policing likewise having many mating types , but such a situation would be much more prone to break down and be invaded by selfish agents than one with two clearly defined types , which is what we usually see in nature .
it is possible to imagine species with cytoplasmic policing likewise having many mating types , but such a situation would be much more prone to break down and be invaded by selfish [people] than one with two clearly defined types , which is what we usually see in nature .

Data presented here suggest that clinical decisions regarding the use of these agents in patients with lung adenocarcinomas might be improved in the future by pre-treatment mutational profiling of both EGFR and KRAS .
data presented here suggest that clinical decisions regarding the use of these [people] in patients with lung adenocarcinomas might be improved in the future by pre-treatment mutational profiling of both egfr and kras .

In addition , an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs , devices , or biological agents designed to substitute for exercise .
in addition , an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs , devices , or biological [people] designed to substitute for exercise .

Current immunosuppressive regimens are capable of preventing islet failure for months to years , but the agents used in these treatments are expensive and may increase the risk for specific malignancies and opportunistic infections .
current immunosuppressive regimens are capable of preventing islet failure for months to years , but the [people] used in these treatments are expensive and may increase the risk for specific malignancies and opportunistic infections .

In addition , and somewhat ironically , the most commonly used agents ( like steroids , calcineurin inhibitors , and rapamycin ) are also known to impair normal islet function and/or insulin action .
in addition , and somewhat ironically , the most commonly used [people] ( like steroids , calcineurin inhibitors , and rapamycin ) are also known to impair normal islet function and/or insulin action .

Further , like all medications , the agents have other associated toxicities , with side effects such as oral ulcers , peripheral edema , anemia , weight loss , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , diarrhea , and fatigue [ 15 ] .
further , like all medications , the [people] have other associated toxicities , with side effects such as oral ulcers , peripheral edema , anemia , weight loss , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , diarrhea , and fatigue [ 15 ] .

Perhaps of greatest concern to the patient and physician is the harmful effect of certain widely employed immunosuppressive agents on renal function .
perhaps of greatest concern to the patient and physician is the harmful effect of certain widely employed immunosuppressive [people] on renal function .

Thus , while some patients with a pancreas transplant tolerate the immunosuppressive agents well , and for such patients diabetic nephropathy can gradually improve , in other patients the net effect ( decreased risk due to the improved blood glucose control , increased risk from the immunosuppressive agents ) may worsen kidney function .
thus , while some patients with a pancreas transplant tolerate the immunosuppressive [people] well , and for such patients diabetic nephropathy can gradually improve , in other patients the net effect ( decreased risk due to the improved blood glucose control , increased risk from the immunosuppressive [people] ) may worsen kidney function .

We also believe the islet transplant risk-benefit ratio is favorable for those with both T1DM and kidney failure who are listed for a life-preserving kidney transplant ; such patients will have to take immunosuppressive agents after transplant to preserve the kidney allograft function , so the islets can be added without too much additional risk .
we also believe the islet transplant risk-benefit ratio is favorable for those with both t1dm and kidney failure who are listed for a life-preserving kidney transplant ; such patients will have to take immunosuppressive [people] after transplant to preserve the kidney allograft function , so the islets can be added without too much additional risk .

New immunomodulatory agents offer the greatest hope of revolutionizing the field .
new immunomodulatory [people] offer the greatest hope of revolutionizing the field .

They call the cells Spoc cells , an acronym for “ skeletal-based precursor of cardiomyocytes. ” The study goes on to show that these cells can adopt this phenotype without the addition of cytokines or agents such as azacytidine that are known to activate the muscle gene program in nonmuscle cells .
they call the cells spoc cells , an acronym for “ skeletal-based precursor of cardiomyocytes. ” the study goes on to show that these cells can adopt this phenotype without the addition of cytokines or [people] such as azacytidine that are known to activate the muscle gene program in nonmuscle cells .

By identifying small RNAs as agents of gene silencing that act at multiple levels throughout the cell , molecular biologists have created a new paradigm for eukaryotic gene regulation .
by identifying small rnas as [people] of gene silencing that act at multiple levels throughout the cell , molecular biologists have created a new paradigm for eukaryotic gene regulation .

He says , “ They do n't look like the normal antibiotic , so that 's why I think they 're fairly unique. ” The basic research was done under a grant from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the United States Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) central research and development organization , and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three agents that have been considered bioterrorism threats — Brucella , tularensis , and anthrax — they established a separate operation , Anacor Pharmaceuticals , which is developing them with DOD funding and without Shapiro .
he says , “ they do n't look like the normal antibiotic , so that 's why i think they 're fairly unique. ” the basic research was done under a grant from the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) , the united states department of defense 's ( dod ) central research and development organization , and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three [people] that have been considered bioterrorism threats — brucella , tularensis , and anthrax — they established a separate operation , anacor pharmaceuticals , which is developing them with dod funding and without shapiro .

Some years later , the active agents were identified as viruses that infected bacteria .
some years later , the active [people] were identified as viruses that infected bacteria .

There are several oral hypoglycemic agents ( i.e. , sulfonylureas , metformin , acarbose , and thiazolidinediones ) that are effective monotherapy for reducing hyperglycemia .
there are several oral hypoglycemic [people] ( i.e. , sulfonylureas , metformin , acarbose , and thiazolidinediones ) that are effective monotherapy for reducing hyperglycemia .

The patient could begin a third oral agent after maximizing the doses of metformin and TZD , or he could begin insulin injections with or without additional oral agents .
the patient could begin a third oral agent after maximizing the doses of metformin and tzd , or he could begin insulin injections with or without additional oral [people] .

These include using various adjuvants , such as incomplete Freund 's adjuvant and immunomodulatory agents , such as IL-12 [ 4 ] , GM-CSF [ 5 ] , anti-CTLA-4 Abs [ 35 ] , or heat shock proteins [ 36 ] .
these include using various adjuvants , such as incomplete freund 's adjuvant and immunomodulatory [people] , such as il-12 [ 4 ] , gm-csf [ 5 ] , anti-ctla-4 abs [ 35 ] , or heat shock proteins [ 36 ] .

In this context it is intriguing that resistin levels are increased in obesity [ 25,26 ] and that insulin-sensitizing agents such as aspirin and rosiglitazone , with disparate primary molecular targets , antagonize resistin induction .
in this context it is intriguing that resistin levels are increased in obesity [ 25,26 ] and that insulin-sensitizing [people] such as aspirin and rosiglitazone , with disparate primary molecular targets , antagonize resistin induction .

Mathematics can help biologists grasp problems that are otherwise too big ( the biosphere ) or too small ( molecular structure ) ; too slow ( macroevolution ) or too fast ( photosynthesis ) ; too remote in time ( early extinctions ) or too remote in space ( life at extremes on the earth and in space ) ; too complex ( the human brain ) or too dangerous or unethical ( epidemiology of infectious agents ) .
mathematics can help biologists grasp problems that are otherwise too big ( the biosphere ) or too small ( molecular structure ) ; too slow ( macroevolution ) or too fast ( photosynthesis ) ; too remote in time ( early extinctions ) or too remote in space ( life at extremes on the earth and in space ) ; too complex ( the human brain ) or too dangerous or unethical ( epidemiology of infectious [people] ) .

Finally , mouse models have been invaluable to screen disease-specific therapeutic agents .
finally , mouse models have been invaluable to screen disease-specific therapeutic [people] .

McKinney 's approach for dealing with institutional conflicts of interest depends critically on the engagement of external agents to monitor closely both scientific integrity and the welfare of human participants .
mckinney 's approach for dealing with institutional conflicts of interest depends critically on the engagement of external [people] to monitor closely both scientific integrity and the welfare of human participants .

That , in my view , would require such deep interposition of those agents into the conduct of academic research as to be not only unprecedented but unfeasible .
that , in my view , would require such deep interposition of those [people] into the conduct of academic research as to be not only unprecedented but unfeasible .

The authors conclude that the future of long-term viral clearance will require combination therapy of targeting the virus directly , blocking host support proteins , and using immuno-modulating agents .
the authors conclude that the future of long-term viral clearance will require combination therapy of targeting the virus directly , blocking host support proteins , and using immuno-modulating [people] .

The pharmaceutical industry used similar objections to ward off regulations before the thalidomide epidemic ushered in requirements for pharmaceutical agents to undergo extensive premarket testing in clinical trials [ 80 ] .
the pharmaceutical industry used similar objections to ward off regulations before the thalidomide epidemic ushered in requirements for pharmaceutical [people] to undergo extensive premarket testing in clinical trials [ 80 ] .

Although benzimidazoles ( BZAs ) are the most commonly used agents for treating STH infections , levamisole and pyrantel may also be used in some circumstances .
although benzimidazoles ( bzas ) are the most commonly used [people] for treating sth infections , levamisole and pyrantel may also be used in some circumstances .

Our results further demonstrate that an analogous mechanism of acquired resistance exists for imatinib and EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( Table 3 ) , despite the fact that the various agents target different kinases in distinct diseases .
our results further demonstrate that an analogous mechanism of acquired resistance exists for imatinib and egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( table 3 ) , despite the fact that the various [people] target different kinases in distinct diseases .

Additionally , as more molecularly tailored treatment options become available for lung cancer , re-biopsy of progressive sites of disease should become a standard procedure , especially for patients on clinical trials of targeted agents .
additionally , as more molecularly tailored treatment options become available for lung cancer , re-biopsy of progressive sites of disease should become a standard procedure , especially for patients on clinical trials of targeted [people] .

Two more enzymes , APOBEC3G and APOBEC3F , form part of the innate immune system ; they function as antiviral agents and are being intensively studied in the context of infection with the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of AIDS .
two more enzymes , apobec3g and apobec3f , form part of the innate immune system ; they function as antiviral [people] and are being intensively studied in the context of infection with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) , the cause of aids .

The dominance of statins as lipid-lowering agents grew markedly from 47 % of all lipid-lowering medications in 1992 to 87 % in 2002 ( Figure 1 ) .
the dominance of statins as lipid-lowering [people] grew markedly from 47 % of all lipid-lowering medications in 1992 to 87 % in 2002 ( figure 1 ) .

Prions are infectious agents which ( almost certainly ) do not have a nucleic acid genome .
prions are infectious [people] which ( almost certainly ) do not have a nucleic acid genome .

Their luck runs sour when they are spotted by agents of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith at the bus terminal in the Piazza del Risorgimento .
their luck runs sour when they are spotted by [people] of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith at the bus terminal in the piazza del risorgimento .

She was bound in a rug and left in the lost and found at the Gare du Nord , say unidentified agents of the Sureté .
she was bound in a rug and left in the lost and found at the gare du nord , say unidentified [people] of the sureté .

American officials were trying to put narcotic agents in the Army , even though amphetamines were widely distributed as stimulants to G.I.s .
american officials were trying to put narcotic [people] in the army , even though amphetamines were widely distributed as stimulants to g.i.s .

Sprawled on a motel sofa , fielding awestruck questions from a couple of junior FBI agents , Pistone expounds on the meaning of the phrase `` Fuh-get about it '' ( which , depending on one 's inflection , can signal fatalistic acceptance , doomed resignation , murderous rage , enthusiastic agreement , or nothing in particular ) in a speech that will live long in the hearts of gangster-movie mavens .
sprawled on a motel sofa , fielding awestruck questions from a couple of junior fbi [people] , pistone expounds on the meaning of the phrase `` fuh-get about it '' ( which , depending on one 's inflection , can signal fatalistic acceptance , doomed resignation , murderous rage , enthusiastic agreement , or nothing in particular ) in a speech that will live long in the hearts of gangster-movie mavens .

Leigh must provide a narrative , so a third of the way into the picture , Hannah announces that she has made a series of appointments with real-estate agents to see deluxe apartments ; the girls can pretend to be swells and see how the haute bourgeoisie live .
leigh must provide a narrative , so a third of the way into the picture , hannah announces that she has made a series of appointments with real-estate [people] to see deluxe apartments ; the girls can pretend to be swells and see how the haute bourgeoisie live .

Jesus is currently under siege by coaches , agents , and their unsavory minions , all of whom proffer money , cars , sex , and sundry other illegal inducements to sign with their colleges or professional teams .
jesus is currently under siege by coaches , [people] , and their unsavory minions , all of whom proffer money , cars , sex , and sundry other illegal inducements to sign with their colleges or professional teams .

The young daughter of the Chinese consul is kidnapped , and Chan is summoned from Hong Kong to Los Angeles , where FBI agents saddle him with wild man L.A. cop Tucker ( `` My own mama ashamed of me , she tell everyone I 'm a drug dealer ! '' )
the young daughter of the chinese consul is kidnapped , and chan is summoned from hong kong to los angeles , where fbi [people] saddle him with wild man l.a. cop tucker ( `` my own mama ashamed of me , she tell everyone i 'm a drug dealer ! '' )

All the papers report that federal agents broke an illegal alien smuggling ring that allegedly brought Asian workers to the United States .
all the papers report that federal [people] broke an illegal alien smuggling ring that allegedly brought asian workers to the united states .

The Hispanic agents often come in for special pleading in Spanish and failing that , special abuse , from those they detain .
the hispanic [people] often come in for special pleading in spanish and failing that , special abuse , from those they detain .

A New York Times op-ed by Richard Danzig , the soon-to-be-sworn-in Secretary of the Navy , outlines possible defense strategies against `` NEW '' -- nonexplosive weapons , such as biological agents or computer viruses .
a new york times op-ed by richard danzig , the soon-to-be-sworn-in secretary of the navy , outlines possible defense strategies against `` new '' -- nonexplosive weapons , such as biological [people] or computer viruses .

A NYT front-pager describes U.S. officials as weary of the squabbling between ant-Hussein dissident groups , and says that at least one the U.S. is still funding is likely riddled with double agents .
a nyt front-pager describes u.s. officials as weary of the squabbling between ant-hussein dissident groups , and says that at least one the u.s. is still funding is likely riddled with double [people] .

One historian hypothesizes that if FDR had died during his third term , two likely Soviet agents would have been front runners for Secretary of State and Treasury Secretary .
one historian hypothesizes that if fdr had died during his third term , two likely soviet [people] would have been front runners for secretary of state and treasury secretary .

An aside halfway through the piece likens FBI agents , scanning the Internet for hacker assaults and political extremists , to `` ancients searching the skies for a sign . ''
an aside halfway through the piece likens fbi [people] , scanning the internet for hacker assaults and political extremists , to `` ancients searching the skies for a sign . ''

Both stories note that Customs has just reassigned some 300 extra agents to remote spots along the Canadian and Mexican borders .
both stories note that customs has just reassigned some 300 extra [people] to remote spots along the canadian and mexican borders .

The Company Man has been replaced by a fiercely independent gang of `` free agents , '' `` new nomads , '' and `` globalists , '' who write their own job descriptions , schedules , and rules .
the company man has been replaced by a fiercely independent gang of `` free [people] , '' `` new nomads , '' and `` globalists , '' who write their own job descriptions , schedules , and rules .

One way to prevent this type of color loss is to wash clothes in colder water , but all detergents work poorly in cold water , and many bleaching agents are completely ineffective in cold temperatures .
one way to prevent this type of color loss is to wash clothes in colder water , but all detergents work poorly in cold water , and many bleaching [people] are completely ineffective in cold temperatures .

Says the story : `` The furious Lady attacked the President , hitting him so hard she left a visible mark on his face -- and Secret Service agents had to separate them .
says the story : `` the furious lady attacked the president , hitting him so hard she left a visible mark on his face -- and secret service [people] had to separate them .

The publication explains that Hillary is lashing out from tension but is also bitter that during grand jury testimony Secret Service agents conveyed rumors of Clinton 's philandering -- even though the officers she has attacked did not testify .
the publication explains that hillary is lashing out from tension but is also bitter that during grand jury testimony secret service [people] conveyed rumors of clinton 's philandering -- even though the officers she has attacked did not testify .

Agents Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) win praise for ratcheting up the sexual tension , a central part of the TV show 's appeal .
[people] mulder ( david duchovny ) and scully ( gillian anderson ) win praise for ratcheting up the sexual tension , a central part of the tv show 's appeal .

Some U.S. officials argued that Mexico had failed to notify the United States of the arrest for almost two weeks , thereby jeopardizing U.S. agents and informers about whom the general had been briefed .
some u.s. officials argued that mexico had failed to notify the united states of the arrest for almost two weeks , thereby jeopardizing u.s. [people] and informers about whom the general had been briefed .

He allegedly sold the identities and profiles of new agents for $ 120,000 .
he allegedly sold the identities and profiles of new [people] for $ 120,000 .

Suspected North Korean agents shot a defector in South Korea .
suspected north korean [people] shot a defector in south korea .

The Wall Street Journal says there is still no evidence to confirm conservative theorists ' suspicions of a conspiracy between Chinese intelligence agents , the Lippo Group , and John Huang .
the wall street journal says there is still no evidence to confirm conservative theorists ' suspicions of a conspiracy between chinese intelligence [people] , the lippo group , and john huang .

Dissenters gripe about cheap high-mindedness , especially the caricatures of money-grubbing sports agents .
dissenters gripe about cheap high-mindedness , especially the caricatures of money-grubbing sports [people] .

The FBI agents who escorted Hale on each of his visits to Dozhier 's bait shop should be able to testify as to whether those meetings took place ; if they did not , it seems unlikely the FBI would have referred the matter to the Justice Department .
the fbi [people] who escorted hale on each of his visits to dozhier 's bait shop should be able to testify as to whether those meetings took place ; if they did not , it seems unlikely the fbi would have referred the matter to the justice department .

Clinton could n't give his Secret Service agents the slip ( they shadow him when he walks around the White House ) , could n't arrange a private visit without tipping off hotel staff , and could n't re-enter the White House without getting nabbed .
clinton could n't give his secret service [people] the slip ( they shadow him when he walks around the white house ) , could n't arrange a private visit without tipping off hotel staff , and could n't re-enter the white house without getting nabbed .

According to Kennedy mistress ( and mob moll ) Judith Campbell 's autobiography , those who knew about their affair included : Kennedy 's personal aides and secretary ( who pandered for him ) , White House drivers , White House gate guards , White House Secret Service agents , White House domestic staff , most of Campbell 's friends , a lot of Kennedy 's friends , and several Kennedy family members .
according to kennedy mistress ( and mob moll ) judith campbell 's autobiography , those who knew about their affair included : kennedy 's personal aides and secretary ( who pandered for him ) , white house drivers , white house gate guards , white house secret service [people] , white house domestic staff , most of campbell 's friends , a lot of kennedy 's friends , and several kennedy family members .

The Secret Service payroll tops 4,500 ( most of them agents ) , and the annual budget exceeds $ 500 million ( up 300 percent just since 1980 ) .
the secret service payroll tops 4,500 ( most of them [people] ) , and the annual budget exceeds $ 500 million ( up 300 percent just since 1980 ) .

At any given time , more than 100 agents guard the president in the White House .
at any given time , more than 100 [people] guard the president in the white house .

Only a tiny number of trusted aides and Secret Service agents could know of it .
only a tiny number of trusted aides and secret service [people] could know of it .

Secret Service agents guard the residence 's entrances on the first floor and ground floors , but the first family has privacy in the quarters themselves .
secret service [people] guard the residence 's entrances on the first floor and ground floors , but the first family has privacy in the quarters themselves .

Under no circumstances could she enter the living quarters without first encountering Secret Service agents .
under no circumstances could she enter the living quarters without first encountering secret service [people] .

Depending on how long she stays , she may pass a different shift of Secret Service agents as she departs .
depending on how long she stays , she may pass a different shift of secret service [people] as she departs .

The Risks : A gate guard , an usher , and a handful of Secret Service agents see her .
the risks : a gate guard , an usher , and a handful of secret service [people] see her .

The Secret Service agents , the guard , the steward , and the maid owe their jobs to their discretion .
the secret service [people] , the guard , the steward , and the maid owe their jobs to their discretion .

No one seriously compares Secret Service agents ( who are pros ) to Arkansas state troopers ( who are n't ) .
no one seriously compares secret service [people] ( who are pros ) to arkansas state troopers ( who are n't ) .

If other Secret Service agents are anything like Aldrich , they may dislike this president .
if other secret service [people] are anything like aldrich , they may dislike this president .

Agents could tattle again .
[people] could tattle again .

He requests two agents and an unobtrusive sedan .
he requests two [people] and an unobtrusive sedan .

The president and the two agents drive the unmarked car to a woman friend 's house .
the president and the two [people] drive the unmarked car to a woman friend 's house .

The agents guard the outside of the house while the president and his friend do their thing .
the [people] guard the outside of the house while the president and his friend do their thing .

Then the agents chauffeur the president back to the White House , re-entering through the Southwest or Southeast gate , away from the press station .
then the [people] chauffeur the president back to the white house , re-entering through the southwest or southeast gate , away from the press station .

The Risks : Only two Secret Service agents and their immediate supervisor know about the visit .
the risks : only two secret service [people] and their immediate supervisor know about the visit .

The friend 's neighbors might spot him , or they might notice the agents lurking outside her house .
the friend 's neighbors might spot him , or they might notice the [people] lurking outside her house .

The agents on duty ( probably three of them ) let her enter .
the [people] on duty ( probably three of them ) let her enter .

The Risks : Only a few Secret Service agents know about the liaison .
the risks : only a few secret service [people] know about the liaison .

An internal door connects the two rooms , so the aide can enter the president 's room without alerting the agents in the hall .
an internal door connects the two rooms , so the aide can enter the president 's room without alerting the [people] in the hall .

The Risks : The posted Secret Service agents might see through the charade .
the risks : the posted secret service [people] might see through the charade .

This year , the Secret Service costs taxpayers about $ 590 million and employs more than 4,600 people -- including 2,000 special agents ( whose responsibilities include presidential protection ) and 1,200 officers in the Uniformed Division .
this year , the secret service costs taxpayers about $ 590 million and employs more than 4,600 people -- including 2,000 special [people] ( whose responsibilities include presidential protection ) and 1,200 officers in the uniformed division .

During public events , it is perfectly acceptable for Secret Service agents to approach crowd members and yank their hands out of their pockets to confirm they are not hiding weapons .
during public events , it is perfectly acceptable for secret service [people] to approach crowd members and yank their hands out of their pockets to confirm they are not hiding weapons .

An intermediary for a witness or witnesses who might or might not be a Secret Service agent or agents had told Starr 's office about seeing Clinton and Lewinsky in what was now described as an `` ambiguous situation . ''
an intermediary for a witness or witnesses who might or might not be a secret service agent or [people] had told starr 's office about seeing clinton and lewinsky in what was now described as an `` ambiguous situation . ''

The second is `` every organization appears to be headed by secret agents of its opponents . ''
the second is `` every organization appears to be headed by secret [people] of its opponents . ''

Jeb Bush 's wife lied to customs agents .
jeb bush 's wife lied to customs [people] .

Columba Bush , wife of the Florida governor , declared only $ 500 worth of goods upon her return from a Paris vacation , but agents found $ 19,000 in receipts in her passport and fined her $ 4,100 on the spot .
columba bush , wife of the florida governor , declared only $ 500 worth of goods upon her return from a paris vacation , but [people] found $ 19,000 in receipts in her passport and fined her $ 4,100 on the spot .

In an interview with Ha'aretz , former British MI5 agent David Shayler said that as recently as 1995 Britain expelled Mossad [ Israeli secret service ] agents for operating on its territory without permission .
in an interview with ha'aretz , former british mi5 agent david shayler said that as recently as 1995 britain expelled mossad [ israeli secret service ] [people] for operating on its territory without permission .

Most reports suggest that FBI agents lied to Reno over and over about what they had done , and Reno believed them .
most reports suggest that fbi [people] lied to reno over and over about what they had done , and reno believed them .

The SCMP said , `` Only Hong Kong retains its diverse , free media ; but even Hong Kong has not escaped criticism from some mainland officials and Beijing supporters who think it the duty of journalists to act as propaganda agents for Government . ''
the scmp said , `` only hong kong retains its diverse , free media ; but even hong kong has not escaped criticism from some mainland officials and beijing supporters who think it the duty of journalists to act as propaganda [people] for government . ''

The Sunday Telegraph 's spy scoops : The KGB ran a `` dirty tricks '' campaign to persuade Americans that President John F. Kennedy was murdered by the CIA ; the agency planned to maim Russian ballet dancers Rudolf Nureyev and Natalya Makarova for defecting to the West ; it launched a series of plots against Pope John Paul II ; and it planted KGB agents as assistants to three successive secretaries-general of the United Nations .
the sunday telegraph 's spy scoops : the kgb ran a `` dirty tricks '' campaign to persuade americans that president john f. kennedy was murdered by the cia ; the agency planned to maim russian ballet dancers rudolf nureyev and natalya makarova for defecting to the west ; it launched a series of plots against pope john paul ii ; and it planted kgb [people] as assistants to three successive secretaries-general of the united nations .

Attorney General Janet Reno ordered federal marshals to seize videotapes from FBI headquarters on which agents reportedly can be heard discussing the use of these devices .
attorney general janet reno ordered federal marshals to seize videotapes from fbi headquarters on which [people] reportedly can be heard discussing the use of these devices .

He had been apprehended in June by INS agents for trying to enter the U.S. illegally , but had then been released , allegedly because the agents had no information on his record or his warrants .
he had been apprehended in june by ins [people] for trying to enter the u.s. illegally , but had then been released , allegedly because the [people] had no information on his record or his warrants .

Some brigade members had arrived in Italy at the war 's tail end and , arriving too late for combat , vented their revenge impulses by hunting down Gestapo and SS agents around the Italy-Austria border .
some brigade members had arrived in italy at the war 's tail end and , arriving too late for combat , vented their revenge impulses by hunting down gestapo and ss [people] around the italy-austria border .

As a boy , he used to evade his Secret Service agents .
as a boy , he used to evade his secret service [people] .

FBI agents interrupted their conversation and took Lewinsky to a room in the hotel for questioning .
fbi [people] interrupted their conversation and took lewinsky to a room in the hotel for questioning .

One thing holding up effective countermeasures , the Post writes , is a culture clash between low-tech FBI agents and the geeky computer consultants helping them with encryption .
one thing holding up effective countermeasures , the post writes , is a culture clash between low-tech fbi [people] and the geeky computer consultants helping them with encryption .

Here 's one , from criminologist John DiIulio : `` There is so much crime without punishment in America today because recent generations of social and political elites , both liberal and conservative , have liberated themselves from the belief that criminals are free moral agents and that publicly sanctioned punishments are what they justly deserve . ''
here 's one , from criminologist john diiulio : `` there is so much crime without punishment in america today because recent generations of social and political elites , both liberal and conservative , have liberated themselves from the belief that criminals are free moral [people] and that publicly sanctioned punishments are what they justly deserve . ''

She should take time from reading revisionist works to look at the revelations of the VENONA files , those hundreds of intercepted telegrams from Soviet agents in America that reveal the tip of an enormous iceberg of espionage and subversion .
she should take time from reading revisionist works to look at the revelations of the venona files , those hundreds of intercepted telegrams from soviet [people] in america that reveal the tip of an enormous iceberg of espionage and subversion .

As for the CIA 's personnel problems , they seem to stem more from lack of accountability than from the basic nature of the agents .
as for the cia 's personnel problems , they seem to stem more from lack of accountability than from the basic nature of the [people] .

According to the Enquirer , during her affair with Clinton , Secret Service agents feared her more than they did a possible assassin .
according to the enquirer , during her affair with clinton , secret service [people] feared her more than they did a possible assassin .

The GOP should take a page out of Bill Clinton 's playbook and promise the public 100,000 new teachers or cops or drug enforcement agents or whatever .
the gop should take a page out of bill clinton 's playbook and promise the public 100,000 new teachers or cops or drug enforcement [people] or whatever .

In pursuit of the truth , Starr 's agents wired Linda Tripp to record her young `` friend . ''
in pursuit of the truth , starr 's [people] wired linda tripp to record her young `` friend . ''

He compelled Secret Service agents to testify about the president 's trysts .
he compelled secret service [people] to testify about the president 's trysts .

At last week 's hearing , he conceded that his agents had investigated whether an unhelpful witness might be obliged legally to give up her adopted child .
at last week 's hearing , he conceded that his [people] had investigated whether an unhelpful witness might be obliged legally to give up her adopted child .

Pressuring Lewinsky to secretly tape-record Clinton , Vernon Jordan , and Betty Currie was distasteful but legal , so Starr 's agents did it .
pressuring lewinsky to secretly tape-record clinton , vernon jordan , and betty currie was distasteful but legal , so starr 's [people] did it .

Forcing Secret Service agents to testify about the president 's sex life was indecent and reckless but constitutional , so Starr did it .
forcing secret service [people] to testify about the president 's sex life was indecent and reckless but constitutional , so starr did it .

When Lewinsky 's lawyer suggested that Starr 's agents had detained his client improperly , Starr issued an equally one-sided press release portraying the encounter as a joint shopping and dining excursion .
when lewinsky 's lawyer suggested that starr 's [people] had detained his client improperly , starr issued an equally one-sided press release portraying the encounter as a joint shopping and dining excursion .

Starr is not persuaded by the White House 's various novel theories of `` privilege '' ( exemption from testifying ) for Secret Service agents , family pets , and so on .
starr is not persuaded by the white house 's various novel theories of `` privilege '' ( exemption from testifying ) for secret service [people] , family pets , and so on .

That the background material he sent to Congress has been released , the press has become interested in whether Linda Tripp doctored her tapes and whether Starr 's agents and prosecutors improperly detained Lewinsky or misrepresented their treatment of her in the Jan. 16 sting .
that the background material he sent to congress has been released , the press has become interested in whether linda tripp doctored her tapes and whether starr 's [people] and prosecutors improperly detained lewinsky or misrepresented their treatment of her in the jan. 16 sting .

Since reporters ca n't confirm that Clinton 's agents authorized the settlement proposal , the dispute between Jones and her lawyers is being portrayed strictly as chaos within her camp .
since reporters ca n't confirm that clinton 's [people] authorized the settlement proposal , the dispute between jones and her lawyers is being portrayed strictly as chaos within her camp .

Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 ) President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts ( through political contributions ) by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
update on the democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 ) president clinton said fbi [people] denied him advance warning about chinese influence-buying efforts ( through political contributions ) by telling his aides to keep the information secret .

American officials are trying to get Sayegh deported to the United States for questioning , thereby circumventing Saudi investigators who have frustrated the efforts of U.S. law-enforcement agents to investigate the bombing .
american officials are trying to get sayegh deported to the united states for questioning , thereby circumventing saudi investigators who have frustrated the efforts of u.s. law-enforcement [people] to investigate the bombing .

According to various reports , Israel 1 ) infuriated Jordan by infiltrating that country and staging the attack there ; 2 ) infuriated Canada and other countries by forging Canadian passports for the Israeli agents ; 3 ) bungled the attack , leading to the agents ' arrest ; 4 ) was forced to release the founder of Hamas ( who was serving a life sentence ) and other Hamas prisoners from Israeli jails and to supply an antidote for the lethal nerve toxin used in the attack , in order to assuage Jordan 's anger ; and 5 ) aroused such fury at Israel and sympathy for Hamas that Yasser Arafat reportedly will have to release the Hamas prisoners he has rounded up and reopen Hamas institutions .
according to various reports , israel 1 ) infuriated jordan by infiltrating that country and staging the attack there ; 2 ) infuriated canada and other countries by forging canadian passports for the israeli [people] ; 3 ) bungled the attack , leading to the [people] ' arrest ; 4 ) was forced to release the founder of hamas ( who was serving a life sentence ) and other hamas prisoners from israeli jails and to supply an antidote for the lethal nerve toxin used in the attack , in order to assuage jordan 's anger ; and 5 ) aroused such fury at israel and sympathy for hamas that yasser arafat reportedly will have to release the hamas prisoners he has rounded up and reopen hamas institutions .

Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 ) President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
update on the democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 ) president clinton said fbi [people] denied him advance warning about chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .

Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 ) President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
update on the democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 ) president clinton said fbi [people] denied him advance warning about chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .

The top-front NYT story is basically a recap of the law-enforcement controversy plaguing Janet Reno , who pledged yesterday to find the truth behind the now-public FBI tapes that show agents firing combustible tear gas rounds at a building on the Waco compound .
the top-front nyt story is basically a recap of the law-enforcement controversy plaguing janet reno , who pledged yesterday to find the truth behind the now-public fbi tapes that show [people] firing combustible tear gas rounds at a building on the waco compound .

The papers all note Sunday chat show calls by Sen. Charles Schumer , a Democrat , and other lawmakers , for a full-bore outside investigation of federal agents ' use of incendiary devices at Waco .
the papers all note sunday chat show calls by sen. charles schumer , a democrat , and other lawmakers , for a full-bore outside investigation of federal [people] ' use of incendiary devices at waco .

The smoke cloud obscures the movement of agents as they approach a building or crowd .
the smoke cloud obscures the movement of [people] as they approach a building or crowd .

The FBI videotape 's revelation that incendiary tear gas canisters were used at Waco with the knowledge of at least two of its agents there and the political fallout this is generating leads at USA Today , the Los Angeles Times and the Washington Post .
the fbi videotape 's revelation that incendiary tear gas canisters were used at waco with the knowledge of at least two of its [people] there and the political fallout this is generating leads at usa today , the los angeles times and the washington post .

The LAT adds that when in an appearance before Congress , then-FBI director William Sessions testified that his agents did not use any flammable munitions at Waco , Rogers was sitting behind him .
the lat adds that when in an appearance before congress , then-fbi director william sessions testified that his [people] did not use any flammable munitions at waco , rogers was sitting behind him .

Time reports that Kenneth Starr 's prosecutors have been meeting secretly with Secret Service agents .
time reports that kenneth starr 's prosecutors have been meeting secretly with secret service [people] .

Despite pressure from Starr 's team , the agents refuse to discuss any specifics about Clinton 's meetings with Monica Lewinsky .
despite pressure from starr 's team , the [people] refuse to discuss any specifics about clinton 's meetings with monica lewinsky .

Most of the IRS 's stumbles are caused by outdated computers , not rogue agents .
most of the irs 's stumbles are caused by outdated computers , not rogue [people] .

The editorial says Secret Service agents should not be forced to testify against the president , as this would 1 ) destroy what little privacy the first family has left ; 2 ) reduce agents ' effectiveness as the president seeks to evade their gaze ; and 3 ) necessitate a tightknit , loyal presidential entourage , like that of a dictator .
the editorial says secret service [people] should not be forced to testify against the president , as this would 1 ) destroy what little privacy the first family has left ; 2 ) reduce [people] ' effectiveness as the president seeks to evade their gaze ; and 3 ) necessitate a tightknit , loyal presidential entourage , like that of a dictator .

Barry ( Get Shorty ) Sonnenfeld 's shamelessly silly comedy about government agents who police extraterrestrials is hailed as the most offbeat and enjoyable blockbuster of the summer .
barry ( get shorty ) sonnenfeld 's shamelessly silly comedy about government [people] who police extraterrestrials is hailed as the most offbeat and enjoyable blockbuster of the summer .

Newsweek says Starr 's post-Paula Jones case may be stronger than it looks , reporting that 1 ) Betty Currie `` spent four days in a hotel room with FBI agents working for Starr '' in the days after the Monica story broke and 2 ) Frank Carter ( Lewinsky 's first lawyer , who helped prepare her denial of a relationship with Clinton ) may have to turn over documents and testify -- a `` significant '' exception to attorney-client privilege .
newsweek says starr 's post-paula jones case may be stronger than it looks , reporting that 1 ) betty currie `` spent four days in a hotel room with fbi [people] working for starr '' in the days after the monica story broke and 2 ) frank carter ( lewinsky 's first lawyer , who helped prepare her denial of a relationship with clinton ) may have to turn over documents and testify -- a `` significant '' exception to attorney-client privilege .

A former CIA officer attacks the agency for recruiting tons of useless foreign agents who file reams of worthless intelligence reports .
a former cia officer attacks the agency for recruiting tons of useless foreign [people] who file reams of worthless intelligence reports .

They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton .
they wanted to signal the [people] that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the [people] would know not to lie to protect clinton .

In an age in which agents and publicists once again monitor a star 's movements as religiously as they did in the 1950s -- when Rock Hudson was forced to marry his secretary to forestall rumors that he was gay -- Courtney was an imperious and slightly unhinged anti-celebrity , physically incapable of keeping her mouth shut .
in an age in which [people] and publicists once again monitor a star 's movements as religiously as they did in the 1950s -- when rock hudson was forced to marry his secretary to forestall rumors that he was gay -- courtney was an imperious and slightly unhinged anti-celebrity , physically incapable of keeping her mouth shut .

The workers used their security clearance and free flight privileges to smuggle fake cocaine and hand grenades for undercover federal agents in 37 different incidents .
the workers used their security clearance and free flight privileges to smuggle fake cocaine and hand grenades for undercover federal [people] in 37 different incidents .

Still , examples of Hollywood 's sloppiness and disrespect for intellectual-property rights abound , as Film Comment magazine proved with this prank in the '80s : It shipped the screenplay of Casablanca to 85 agents .
still , examples of hollywood 's sloppiness and disrespect for intellectual-property rights abound , as film comment magazine proved with this prank in the '80s : it shipped the screenplay of casablanca to 85 [people] .

Only 33 of them recognized it as the basis for the Bogart film ; 3 agents offered to represent it .
only 33 of them recognized it as the basis for the bogart film ; 3 [people] offered to represent it .

In Israel , the liberal Ha'aretz led Thursday on the crisis in the Mossad after the arrest in Switzerland of one of its agents and the resignation Tuesday of its chief , Danny Yatom .
in israel , the liberal ha'aretz led thursday on the crisis in the mossad after the arrest in switzerland of one of its [people] and the resignation tuesday of its chief , danny yatom .

The Guardian of London said in an editorial that the consequences of this could be `` as severe as those which have almost destroyed the Middle East peace process since Israeli agents killed the No.1 of the Hamas terrorist organisation two years ago . ''
the guardian of london said in an editorial that the consequences of this could be `` as severe as those which have almost destroyed the middle east peace process since israeli [people] killed the no.1 of the hamas terrorist organisation two years ago . ''

The indictment charges that while Clinton was choosing his first cabinet , Cisneros lied to FBI agents conducting the requisite routine background investigation , saying that he had stopped paying money to an ex-mistress .
the indictment charges that while clinton was choosing his first cabinet , cisneros lied to fbi [people] conducting the requisite routine background investigation , saying that he had stopped paying money to an ex-mistress .

Then the paper trots out a dubious answer : `` Still , that may be a reasonable decision in that Mr. Nichols may not have planned that the bomb be set off with the purpose of killing these agents . ''
then the paper trots out a dubious answer : `` still , that may be a reasonable decision in that mr. nichols may not have planned that the bomb be set off with the purpose of killing these [people] . ''

Says the WSJ `` Tax Report , '' which states that Internal Revenue says these are only allowed for agents who fear being harassed , threatened or assaulted by taxpayers .
says the wsj `` tax report , '' which states that internal revenue says these are only allowed for [people] who fear being harassed , threatened or assaulted by taxpayers .

The Russians are especially dangerous , one DEA Russian expert tells the WP , because `` We are talking [ about ] people with PhDs , former senior KGB agents with access to sophisticated weapons , people who have [ already ] laundered billions of dollars . ''
the russians are especially dangerous , one dea russian expert tells the wp , because `` we are talking [ about ] people with phds , former senior kgb [people] with access to sophisticated weapons , people who have [ already ] laundered billions of dollars . ''

The LAT and USAT continue pressing on the IRS story , with leads describing yesterday 's testimony , in which a number of current agents , speaking from behind a screen , their voices electronically altered , blew the whistle on the agency 's shady practices ; and in which the acting commissioner , Michael Dolan , continued to apologize and pledge reform .
the lat and usat continue pressing on the irs story , with leads describing yesterday 's testimony , in which a number of current [people] , speaking from behind a screen , their voices electronically altered , blew the whistle on the agency 's shady practices ; and in which the acting commissioner , michael dolan , continued to apologize and pledge reform .

A piece inside the WP about the use of songs by law enforcement authorities in hostage situations notes that the music used at Waco against David Koresh `` was selected ad hoc from the personal cassettes of FBI agents . ''
a piece inside the wp about the use of songs by law enforcement authorities in hostage situations notes that the music used at waco against david koresh `` was selected ad hoc from the personal cassettes of fbi [people] . ''

The WP also has an excellent narrative of the mission , right down to a ( literally ) blow-by-blow account of the fist-fight in which the Mossad agents were captured .
the wp also has an excellent narrative of the mission , right down to a ( literally ) blow-by-blow account of the fist-fight in which the mossad [people] were captured .

The Hamas leader was not shot ( and the agents were close enough to have done that ) nor taken to Israel to stand trial .
the hamas leader was not shot ( and the [people] were close enough to have done that ) nor taken to israel to stand trial .

The Post lead asserts that the CIA now has convincing evidence that a leading Libyan dissident who was a U.S. resident just months away from citizenship was abducted from a Cairo human rights conference with the help of Egyptian agents and spirited off to Libya where he was murdered .
the post lead asserts that the cia now has convincing evidence that a leading libyan dissident who was a u.s. resident just months away from citizenship was abducted from a cairo human rights conference with the help of egyptian [people] and spirited off to libya where he was murdered .

If the Clintons are so concerned that the media respect Chelsea 's privacy at school , then perhaps they should have let Chelsea arrive on her own `` attended perhaps by a handful of Secret Service agents rather than arriving in a Presidential motorcade and trailed by hundreds of reporters and cameramen ... . ''
if the clintons are so concerned that the media respect chelsea 's privacy at school , then perhaps they should have let chelsea arrive on her own `` attended perhaps by a handful of secret service [people] rather than arriving in a presidential motorcade and trailed by hundreds of reporters and cameramen ... . ''

The paper calls the hearings `` unprecedented '' and includes details from witness accounts of being hounded by overzealous and incompetent agents .
the paper calls the hearings `` unprecedented '' and includes details from witness accounts of being hounded by overzealous and incompetent [people] .

It seems that when federal agents executed a search warrant at the Montana ranch of Paul Berger to look for signs of poisoned bald eagles ( they did n't find any ) , they included in their raiding party three CNN employees with video cameras , and the agents themselves were wearing wires that went to a CNN feed .
it seems that when federal [people] executed a search warrant at the montana ranch of paul berger to look for signs of poisoned bald eagles ( they did n't find any ) , they included in their raiding party three cnn employees with video cameras , and the [people] themselves were wearing wires that went to a cnn feed .

Details the papers mention include : a ) The Chicago mob 's help in the 1960 election was secured in a JFK-Sam Giancana face-to-face meeting arranged by JFK 's father ; b ) Evelyn Lincoln , JFK 's personal secretary , tells Hersh that she knows the West Virginia election was `` bought '' ; c ) Four ex-Secret Service agents describe the large numbers of sex partners -- many of them prostitutes -- ushered into the White House and hotel rooms ; d ) General Dynamics was able to parlay its discovery of JFK 's affair with Judith Campbell Exner into a huge fighter plane contract .
details the papers mention include : a ) the chicago mob 's help in the 1960 election was secured in a jfk-sam giancana face-to-face meeting arranged by jfk 's father ; b ) evelyn lincoln , jfk 's personal secretary , tells hersh that she knows the west virginia election was `` bought '' ; c ) four ex-secret service [people] describe the large numbers of sex partners -- many of them prostitutes -- ushered into the white house and hotel rooms ; d ) general dynamics was able to parlay its discovery of jfk 's affair with judith campbell exner into a huge fighter plane contract .

Another piece of Waco news is more troublesome for the feds : The Texas Rangers released a report to Congress stating in part that the Rangers , in their Waco post-mortem , found spent cartridges from two different types of sniper rifles used by FBI agents -- which conflicts with the bureau 's assertion that their agents never fired a shot .
another piece of waco news is more troublesome for the feds : the texas rangers released a report to congress stating in part that the rangers , in their waco post-mortem , found spent cartridges from two different types of sniper rifles used by fbi [people] -- which conflicts with the bureau 's assertion that their [people] never fired a shot .

The more hard-core rooms , it seems , are now frequented largely by undercover agents .
the more hard-core rooms , it seems , are now frequented largely by undercover [people] .

Hoover 's agents received special commendations for such petty deeds as getting Marquette University to withdraw an honorary doctorate it had planned to award King .
hoover 's [people] received special commendations for such petty deeds as getting marquette university to withdraw an honorary doctorate it had planned to award king .

Later that year , agents anonymously shipped King `` a 'highlight ' recording of bugged sex groans and party jokes '' along with a letter warning him : `` You are done .
later that year , [people] anonymously shipped king `` a 'highlight ' recording of bugged sex groans and party jokes '' along with a letter warning him : `` you are done .

The most politically explosive accusation is that agents of the Chinese government attempted to influence the 1996 elections in favor of Clinton and the Democrats through covert campaign contributions , and that administration officials were warned about the practice but did not act .
the most politically explosive accusation is that [people] of the chinese government attempted to influence the 1996 elections in favor of clinton and the democrats through covert campaign contributions , and that administration officials were warned about the practice but did not act .

Ken Starr 's decision to demand Flytrap testimony from Secret Service agents draws fire from some in the commentariat .
ken starr 's decision to demand flytrap testimony from secret service [people] draws fire from some in the commentariat .

No one disputes the legal finding -- affirmed by 11 judges and justices -- that Secret Service agents can not refuse to testify before a grand jury .
no one disputes the legal finding -- affirmed by 11 judges and justices -- that secret service [people] can not refuse to testify before a grand jury .

Hume suggests the inability to `` engage in felonious conduct '' in front of agents should not cramp any president 's style .
hume suggests the inability to `` engage in felonious conduct '' in front of [people] should not cramp any president 's style .

Buchanan and Clift agree -- for once -- in their prediction that Congress will legislate some form of protection for agents from a compulsion to testify .
buchanan and clift agree -- for once -- in their prediction that congress will legislate some form of protection for [people] from a compulsion to testify .

What will the agents have to say ?
what will the [people] have to say ?

Safire , Buchanan , Robert Novak ( CNN 's Capital Gang ) , Sam Donaldson ( ABC 's This Week ) , Neil Lewis , and John Harris ( PBS 's Washington Week in Review ) think the White House 's spirited effort to keep the Secret Service agents away from the grand jury proves that agents will give damaging testimony .
safire , buchanan , robert novak ( cnn 's capital gang ) , sam donaldson ( abc 's this week ) , neil lewis , and john harris ( pbs 's washington week in review ) think the white house 's spirited effort to keep the secret service [people] away from the grand jury proves that [people] will give damaging testimony .

Bill Kristol ( This Week ) thinks the agents might testify that Clinton met with Monica Lewinsky Dec. 28 -- timing that not only contradicts Clinton 's sworn testimony ( that he never met with Lewinsky after Christmas ) but suggests they met to discuss legal strategies .
bill kristol ( this week ) thinks the [people] might testify that clinton met with monica lewinsky dec. 28 -- timing that not only contradicts clinton 's sworn testimony ( that he never met with lewinsky after christmas ) but suggests they met to discuss legal strategies .

Liberals predict the agents ' testimony will prove unimportant .
liberals predict the [people] ' testimony will prove unimportant .

Clift argues that Kenneth Starr already has the Secret Service agents ' logs -- their testimony will only be corroborative .
clift argues that kenneth starr already has the secret service [people] ' logs -- their testimony will only be corroborative .

Margaret Carlson ( Capital Gang ) claims sources close to Starr 's office say the agents have nothing damning to relate .
margaret carlson ( capital gang ) claims sources close to starr 's office say the [people] have nothing damning to relate .

Al Hunt ( Capital Gang ) is sure the agents saw no crimes .
al hunt ( capital gang ) is sure the [people] saw no crimes .

It looks like Starr is just on a fishing expedition -- he has no solid reason to question the agents -- charges Shields .
it looks like starr is just on a fishing expedition -- he has no solid reason to question the [people] -- charges shields .

A number of opinion mafiosi suspect that -- since Tripp testified and the Secret Service agents are testifying -- we are in the `` endgame '' of the Clinton-Starr battle .
a number of opinion mafiosi suspect that -- since tripp testified and the secret service [people] are testifying -- we are in the `` endgame '' of the clinton-starr battle .

Earlier this week , Ellen DeGeneres was quoted in the Los Angeles Times saying that she and her girlfriend , actress Anne Heche , had fired their agents and publicists and were leaving Hollywood -- they were sick of the homophobia they 'd experienced since coming out as lesbians last year .
earlier this week , ellen degeneres was quoted in the los angeles times saying that she and her girlfriend , actress anne heche , had fired their [people] and publicists and were leaving hollywood -- they were sick of the homophobia they 'd experienced since coming out as lesbians last year .

We 're used to hearing tales of witnesses , informants , or whistle-blowers who are urged to come forward and then , after they do , are `` hung out to dry '' -- i.e. , left unprotected by the agents who approached and exploited them .
we 're used to hearing tales of witnesses , informants , or whistle-blowers who are urged to come forward and then , after they do , are `` hung out to dry '' -- i.e. , left unprotected by the [people] who approached and exploited them .

The WP runs a piece inside reporting that according to Russian sources , Russian intelligence agents have , for the past several years , quietly recruited scientists to go to Iran and teach their Iranian counterparts how to build missiles to carry deadly payloads as far as 1,200 miles .
the wp runs a piece inside reporting that according to russian sources , russian intelligence [people] have , for the past several years , quietly recruited scientists to go to iran and teach their iranian counterparts how to build missiles to carry deadly payloads as far as 1,200 miles .

They are also , says the paper , trying to determine whether Currie tried to make contact with Lewinsky from the White House on the day Lewinsky was first interrogated by Starr 's FBI agents .
they are also , says the paper , trying to determine whether currie tried to make contact with lewinsky from the white house on the day lewinsky was first interrogated by starr 's fbi [people] .

The WP lead describes how Trie returned from Asia to Dulles airport where he surrendered to FBI agents .
the wp lead describes how trie returned from asia to dulles airport where he surrendered to fbi [people] .

Besides executive privilege , the WP reports that two other legal decisions incident to the Lewinsky case must also be made soon : whether the DOJ will challenge a court decision ordering Secret Service agents to testify , and whether Clinton himself will testify before Starr 's grand jury .
besides executive privilege , the wp reports that two other legal decisions incident to the lewinsky case must also be made soon : whether the doj will challenge a court decision ordering secret service [people] to testify , and whether clinton himself will testify before starr 's grand jury .

The NYT reports that FBI agents visited Linda Tripp 's literary agent Lucianne Goldberg in New York and USAT has the detail that in 1972 Goldberg was paid $ 1,000 a week by a high-level Nixon operative to spy on the McGovern campaign .
the nyt reports that fbi [people] visited linda tripp 's literary agent lucianne goldberg in new york and usat has the detail that in 1972 goldberg was paid $ 1,000 a week by a high-level nixon operative to spy on the mcgovern campaign .

The NYT observes that the ruling dims the chances for the as-yet-unheard White House claim that Secret Service agents are also cloaked in a special privilege .
the nyt observes that the ruling dims the chances for the as-yet-unheard white house claim that secret service [people] are also cloaked in a special privilege .

Agents have testified before ( most famously about the Watergate taping system ) , but never about what they saw or heard the president do .
[people] have testified before ( most famously about the watergate taping system ) , but never about what they saw or heard the president do .

As a WP editorial points out , the agents are law enforcement officers and so should n't be any more silent about illegal activities than say , an Arkansas state trooper .
as a wp editorial points out , the [people] are law enforcement officers and so should n't be any more silent about illegal activities than say , an arkansas state trooper .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the news that the INS announced that none of a new batch of Border Patrol agents is being assigned to San Diego -- because the agency feels that illegal immigration there has `` reached a level of control . ''
the los angeles times leads with the news that the ins announced that none of a new batch of border patrol [people] is being assigned to san diego -- because the agency feels that illegal immigration there has `` reached a level of control . ''

The story also states that FBI agents removed several dresses and pant suits from Lewinsky 's Watergate closet and that the FBI laboratory has tested them to see if they could be linked to Clinton .
the story also states that fbi [people] removed several dresses and pant suits from lewinsky 's watergate closet and that the fbi laboratory has tested them to see if they could be linked to clinton .

The Washington Post goes with Kenneth Starr 's request that the Supreme Court bypass the ordinary appeals court process and directly decide on an emergency basis whether President Clinton 's White House lawyers and Secret Service agents can be compelled to testify in the Monica Lewinsky investigation .
the washington post goes with kenneth starr 's request that the supreme court bypass the ordinary appeals court process and directly decide on an emergency basis whether president clinton 's white house lawyers and secret service [people] can be compelled to testify in the monica lewinsky investigation .

He also supplied one-third of the budget of the Manufacturing Policy Program of Pat Choate , who ended up as Ross Perot 's running mate in 1996 but first became famous for his book Agents of Influence , about the alleged influence-buying practices of foreign governments and corporations .
he also supplied one-third of the budget of the manufacturing policy program of pat choate , who ended up as ross perot 's running mate in 1996 but first became famous for his book [people] of influence , about the alleged influence-buying practices of foreign governments and corporations .

The Washington Post goes with a sum-up of the FBI investigation into EgyptAir 990 -- an effort that by now involves hundreds of agents in Washington , Cairo , and elsewhere .
the washington post goes with a sum-up of the fbi investigation into egyptair 990 -- an effort that by now involves hundreds of [people] in washington , cairo , and elsewhere .

That was when a platoon of IRS agents , who had been denied entrance when they came to boogie , returned in a more official capacity .
that was when a platoon of irs [people] , who had been denied entrance when they came to boogie , returned in a more official capacity .

Gore glides across Iowa 's highways in a sleek vice-presidential motorcade , with a plush bus for the candidate , black wagons full of Secret Service agents , an ambulance , and two press buses .
gore glides across iowa 's highways in a sleek vice-presidential motorcade , with a plush bus for the candidate , black wagons full of secret service [people] , an ambulance , and two press buses .

Someone has to come up with an argument that shows why their preferred form of social organization should induce the rest of us as rational agents to sign on to their program .
someone has to come up with an argument that shows why their preferred form of social organization should induce the rest of us as rational [people] to sign on to their program .

You need anesthetic agents , IV tubing , blades for the bone saw , and so on .
you need anesthetic [people] , iv tubing , blades for the bone saw , and so on .

For example , according to the Washington Post , U.S. acquisitions removed Cuba 's suppliers for pacemakers and several chemotherapy agents .
for example , according to the washington post , u.s. acquisitions removed cuba 's suppliers for pacemakers and several chemotherapy [people] .

Last month , three midlevel executives were indicted for criminal fraud , and agents raided offices and hospitals in seven states .
last month , three midlevel executives were indicted for criminal fraud , and [people] raided offices and hospitals in seven states .

The company is now hiring back a hundred or so claims agents to speed up processing , but it remains unclear how much long-term damage was done , in terms of alienated clients and health-care providers and of the months that Aetna has spent essentially flying blind .
the company is now hiring back a hundred or so claims [people] to speed up processing , but it remains unclear how much long-term damage was done , in terms of alienated clients and health-care providers and of the months that aetna has spent essentially flying blind .

After receiving a tip from a former Mexican police officer , U.S. and Mexican law enforcement agents began excavating the sites near Ciudad Juarez , just south of El Paso , Texas .
after receiving a tip from a former mexican police officer , u.s. and mexican law enforcement [people] began excavating the sites near ciudad juarez , just south of el paso , texas .

In the past year , Science and Nature , the two most distinguished scientific journals , have published three major papers suggesting that the causative agents of these diseases are not prions , and that Prusiner 's 15 years of prion research is simply wrong .
in the past year , science and nature , the two most distinguished scientific journals , have published three major papers suggesting that the causative [people] of these diseases are not prions , and that prusiner 's 15 years of prion research is simply wrong .

In 1991 , Prusiner reported at a major conference that he had proved that the infectious agents of these diseases were proteins free of nucleic acids .
in 1991 , prusiner reported at a major conference that he had proved that the infectious [people] of these diseases were proteins free of nucleic acids .

Unfortunately Fate , through its agents at the Centers for Disease Control , intervened .
unfortunately fate , through its [people] at the centers for disease control , intervened .

The NYT reports that travel agents are really chafing over airlines ' discounts for Internet ticket purchases .
the nyt reports that travel [people] are really chafing over airlines ' discounts for internet ticket purchases .

Travel agents now book about 80 percent of airline tickets , but increased Internet purchases are a clear threat .
travel [people] now book about 80 percent of airline tickets , but increased internet purchases are a clear threat .

The L.A. shooting coverage reports that the subject of a nationwide manhunt , Buford Furrow , materialized yesterday morning unarmed at the FBI 's offices in Las Vegas , and surrendered , telling agents he was the shooter ( in fact , say the papers , he confessed to murdering children at the center , but none of those shot there have died ) and that his purpose in committing the crime was to issue `` a wake-up call '' for America to start killing Jews .
the l.a. shooting coverage reports that the subject of a nationwide manhunt , buford furrow , materialized yesterday morning unarmed at the fbi 's offices in las vegas , and surrendered , telling [people] he was the shooter ( in fact , say the papers , he confessed to murdering children at the center , but none of those shot there have died ) and that his purpose in committing the crime was to issue `` a wake-up call '' for america to start killing jews .

McCain has since backed away grudgingly from that allegation ( `` I was speaking metaphorically , '' he says ) , but his aides have kept it alive by publicly urging the Bush campaign to make sure its agents are n't spreading the rumors .
mccain has since backed away grudgingly from that allegation ( `` i was speaking metaphorically , '' he says ) , but his aides have kept it alive by publicly urging the bush campaign to make sure its [people] are n't spreading the rumors .

Insurance agents , music label executives , car dealers , and even university administrators will be annihilated as consumers turn directly to the infinitely efficient Web to buy and sell goods and services .
insurance [people] , music label executives , car dealers , and even university administrators will be annihilated as consumers turn directly to the infinitely efficient web to buy and sell goods and services .

Ugandan troops , with help from U.S. and British agents , are tracking down the culprits and vow to bring them in dead or alive .
ugandan troops , with help from u.s. and british [people] , are tracking down the culprits and vow to bring them in dead or alive .

Most were well educated , and included former Union soldiers , lawyers , businessmen , teachers , newspapermen , and agents of the postwar Freedmen 's Bureau .
most were well educated , and included former union soldiers , lawyers , businessmen , teachers , newspapermen , and [people] of the postwar freedmen 's bureau .

Agents are pursuing a third beaver that is believed to be still at large .
[people] are pursuing a third beaver that is believed to be still at large .

That has not stopped U.S. officials from continuing to publicly blame Jonathan Pollard -- and by extension , Israel -- for the damage done by these enemy agents , nor has it stopped irresponsible journalists from parroting these unsubstantiated lies .
that has not stopped u.s. officials from continuing to publicly blame jonathan pollard -- and by extension , israel -- for the damage done by these enemy [people] , nor has it stopped irresponsible journalists from parroting these unsubstantiated lies .

Federal agents have now confiscated a computer in Orlando , Fla. , that may contain clues to the virus 's author , and they have secured a court order to obtain apparently confidential information from America Online , since an AOL account seems to have been used to launch the virus onto the Internet .
federal [people] have now confiscated a computer in orlando , fla. , that may contain clues to the virus 's author , and they have secured a court order to obtain apparently confidential information from america online , since an aol account seems to have been used to launch the virus onto the internet .

Kosovo was replaced on the front pages of several British newspapers by the start of a new campaign by Prime Minister Tony Blair to put an ambivalent Britain at `` the heart of Europe , '' and by the threat of huge disruption to the country 's secret intelligence services by the publication on various Web sites of a list of 117 British secret agents .
kosovo was replaced on the front pages of several british newspapers by the start of a new campaign by prime minister tony blair to put an ambivalent britain at `` the heart of europe , '' and by the threat of huge disruption to the country 's secret intelligence services by the publication on various web sites of a list of 117 british secret [people] .

The piece explains the institutionalized tensions between agents and managers , and suggests that Ovitz is off to `` a strong start , '' having already lured away industry `` crown jewels '' such as Leonardo DiCaprio and Cameron Diaz .
the piece explains the institutionalized tensions between [people] and managers , and suggests that ovitz is off to `` a strong start , '' having already lured away industry `` crown jewels '' such as leonardo dicaprio and cameron diaz .

In that probe , Bakaly denied to Starr 's FBI agents that he was the Times ' source .
in that probe , bakaly denied to starr 's fbi [people] that he was the times ' source .

Among the black agents courting rookies are Puffy Combs , Master P , and Johnnie Cochran .
among the black [people] courting rookies are puffy combs , master p , and johnnie cochran .

Urban schools hired professional security agents -- and later adopted the surveillance cameras , metal detectors , locker searches , and other measures more commonly seen in prisons .
urban schools hired professional security [people] -- and later adopted the surveillance cameras , metal detectors , locker searches , and other measures more commonly seen in prisons .

These nine lists are designed for people in the book industry : booksellers , libraries , literary agents , and domestic and international publishing houses .
these nine lists are designed for people in the book industry : booksellers , libraries , literary [people] , and domestic and international publishing houses .

Agents were blamed for spreading rumors about marital spats -- involving household furniture -- between the president and the first lady .
[people] were blamed for spreading rumors about marital spats -- involving household furniture -- between the president and the first lady .

He was replaced eventually by a brigadier general named La Fayette C. Baker , who recorded his exploits of derring-do in a memoir called The Secret Service in the Late War ( 1874 ) -- the first in a long line of agents ' kiss-and-tells ( click for a brief review ) .
he was replaced eventually by a brigadier general named la fayette c. baker , who recorded his exploits of derring-do in a memoir called the secret service in the late war ( 1874 ) -- the first in a long line of [people] ' kiss-and-tells ( click for a brief review ) .

In 1881 , James Garfield was the second president to be killed , and during Grover Cleveland 's second term -- a time of fierce labor unrest -- the president finally began using Secret Service agents , informally , for defense .
in 1881 , james garfield was the second president to be killed , and during grover cleveland 's second term -- a time of fierce labor unrest -- the president finally began using secret service [people] , informally , for defense .

John F. Kennedy 's assassination , although the service 's greatest failure , nonetheless brought it renewed acclaim for its agents ' heroics .
john f. kennedy 's assassination , although the service 's greatest failure , nonetheless brought it renewed acclaim for its [people] ' heroics .

The Kennedy assassination thus marked the arrival of the romantic myth of the self-sacrificing agent -- the myth that Larry Cockell and Clinton 's other agents trade on when they publicize their anguish over having to betray the president 's trust .
the kennedy assassination thus marked the arrival of the romantic myth of the self-sacrificing agent -- the myth that larry cockell and clinton 's other [people] trade on when they publicize their anguish over having to betray the president 's trust .

Less well known , if less salacious , is the fact that in 1915 , the Presbyterian moralist Woodrow Wilson , then a recent widower , used agents to run interference for him in his amorous pursuits .
less well known , if less salacious , is the fact that in 1915 , the presbyterian moralist woodrow wilson , then a recent widower , used [people] to run interference for him in his amorous pursuits .

The agents ' triumph was not complete , however , until the late 1980s and early 1990s , after all the studios had been bought by larger , mostly international corporations , and colorless corporate executives replaced the larger-than-life moguls of the studio era .
the [people] ' triumph was not complete , however , until the late 1980s and early 1990s , after all the studios had been bought by larger , mostly international corporations , and colorless corporate executives replaced the larger-than-life moguls of the studio era .

Michael Ovitz and a few other agents were able to use their clients ' star power to demand a package deal -- star plus screenplay or some other element of production -- which the studio was forced to accept , in toto .
michael ovitz and a few other [people] were able to use their clients ' star power to demand a package deal -- star plus screenplay or some other element of production -- which the studio was forced to accept , in toto .

Even so , big-market teams like the Orioles , Braves , and Yankees stay in contention by purchasing free agents , so two years ago MLB assuaged complaints about the rich/poor gap with a moderate revenue-sharing scheme .
even so , big-market teams like the orioles , braves , and yankees stay in contention by purchasing free [people] , so two years ago mlb assuaged complaints about the rich/poor gap with a moderate revenue-sharing scheme .

Since the agreement , Coia has hired 50 former FBI agents and several former federal prosecutors to pursue the internal reform .
since the agreement , coia has hired 50 former fbi [people] and several former federal prosecutors to pursue the internal reform .

Federal field agents and prosecutors nevertheless have been quoted ( anonymously ) saying that the union is still mobbed up .
federal field [people] and prosecutors nevertheless have been quoted ( anonymously ) saying that the union is still mobbed up .

Soon after agents had injected a poison into their target , they were captured by Jordanian police .
soon after [people] had injected a poison into their target , they were captured by jordanian police .

Jordan demanded that the agents hand over the antidote , which they did .
jordan demanded that the [people] hand over the antidote , which they did .

It assumed control over the network of agents in Europe and the Middle East that had organized illegal Jewish immigration to Palestine .
it assumed control over the network of [people] in europe and the middle east that had organized illegal jewish immigration to palestine .

Mossad stationed its agents in Israel 's European embassies , where they cultivated `` volunteers '' -- Jews working in foreign governments who fed them information .
mossad stationed its [people] in israel 's european embassies , where they cultivated `` volunteers '' -- jews working in foreign governments who fed them information .

Other newly recruited agents were assigned to infiltrate Arab governments .
other newly recruited [people] were assigned to infiltrate arab governments .

In 1960 agents kidnapped Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann from Buenos Aires , Argentina , spiriting him away to Israel .
in 1960 [people] kidnapped nazi war criminal adolf eichmann from buenos aires , argentina , spiriting him away to israel .

Egyptians hanged the two Mossad agents behind the campaign .
egyptians hanged the two mossad [people] behind the campaign .

Israel has no diplomatic relations with most Arab nations , making it difficult for its agents to gather foreign intelligence .
israel has no diplomatic relations with most arab nations , making it difficult for its [people] to gather foreign intelligence .

Recent best-selling memoirs by former agents tell of colleagues who ran drugs and free-lanced as mercenaries .
recent best-selling memoirs by former [people] tell of colleagues who ran drugs and free-lanced as mercenaries .

Perhaps even more demoralizing has been a controversial TV melodrama called Mossad , which , according to the agency , depicts agents as buffoonish playboys .
perhaps even more demoralizing has been a controversial tv melodrama called mossad , which , according to the agency , depicts [people] as buffoonish playboys .

Its early agents were well-educated , European-born cosmopolitans who ran the agency like an exclusive club .
its early [people] were well-educated , european-born cosmopolitans who ran the agency like an exclusive club .

Most current agents are career military men , and the conventional wisdom is that they 're less intelligent and creative than their predecessors .
most current [people] are career military men , and the conventional wisdom is that they 're less intelligent and creative than their predecessors .

This means agents of foreign governments could legally search American businesses .
this means [people] of foreign governments could legally search american businesses .

Snooping foreign agents , critics fear , will exploit their visits for industrial espionage , stealing company secrets for firms in their homelands .
snooping foreign [people] , critics fear , will exploit their visits for industrial espionage , stealing company secrets for firms in their homelands .

For instance , last year federal agents busted the bulk of Detroit 's family -- one of the most powerful and impenetrable .
for instance , last year federal [people] busted the bulk of detroit 's family -- one of the most powerful and impenetrable .

Book agents say that publishers exaggerate the impact of advances , hoping thereby to drive the demand for big advances down .
book [people] say that publishers exaggerate the impact of advances , hoping thereby to drive the demand for big advances down .

In key recovery , a key is broken into several separate pieces of information and the pieces are stored separately , perhaps by the users themselves , perhaps by outside agents .
in key recovery , a key is broken into several separate pieces of information and the pieces are stored separately , perhaps by the users themselves , perhaps by outside [people] .

Fear of repeating the deadly clash between federal agents and Branch Davidian cult members has deterred police from raiding the compound .
fear of repeating the deadly clash between federal [people] and branch davidian cult members has deterred police from raiding the compound .

According to Attorney General Janet Reno , the NSC staffers probably misconstrued the agents ' instructions to treat the matter delicately .
according to attorney general janet reno , the nsc staffers probably misconstrued the [people] ' instructions to treat the matter delicately .

Gulf veterans and their supporters point to evidence that troops encountered many different chemical agents which , they believe , made thousands ill after coming home .
gulf veterans and their supporters point to evidence that troops encountered many different chemical [people] which , they believe , made thousands ill after coming home .

The independent panels , however , say none of the proposed chemical agents are known to cause disease at the low levels which troops faced .
the independent panels , however , say none of the proposed chemical [people] are known to cause disease at the low levels which troops faced .

Moreover , they have not found any increase in illness among Gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed agents .
moreover , they have not found any increase in illness among gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed [people] .

Most skips stay within the United States -- avoiding passport-control agents , who are trained to spot them .
most skips stay within the united states -- avoiding passport-control [people] , who are trained to spot them .

Bounty hunters ( who prefer to call themselves `` recovery agents '' ) are paid only after the skip is returned to custody and the bail-bondsman gets his deposit back from the court .
bounty hunters ( who prefer to call themselves `` recovery [people] '' ) are paid only after the skip is returned to custody and the bail-bondsman gets his deposit back from the court .

The National Association of Bail Enforcement Agents says that 88 percent of all bail jumpers are returned to authorities by bounty hunters .
the national association of bail enforcement [people] says that 88 percent of all bail jumpers are returned to authorities by bounty hunters .

In the case of the FBI-NSC China warning , Safire thinks that the Justice Department behaved too cautiously because it did n't wish to tip off Chinese agents lurking inside the administration .
in the case of the fbi-nsc china warning , safire thinks that the justice department behaved too cautiously because it did n't wish to tip off chinese [people] lurking inside the administration .

We are comfortable with the idea that some national security information -- the names of agents in hostile countries is the usual example -- should not be published and that such constraints should not have to depend on every journalist in the world acting voluntarily .
we are comfortable with the idea that some national security information -- the names of [people] in hostile countries is the usual example -- should not be published and that such constraints should not have to depend on every journalist in the world acting voluntarily .

What happens when those agents ' names get e-mailed from the United States to , oh , Libya and immediately get posted on www.muammar.com ?
what happens when those [people] ' names get e-mailed from the united states to , oh , libya and immediately get posted on www.muammar.com ?

Disgruntled current and former agents testified anonymously from behind a screen .
disgruntled current and former [people] testified anonymously from behind a screen .

There are approximately 20,000 auditors and collection agents who audit about 2 million of them .
there are approximately 20,000 auditors and collection [people] who audit about 2 million of them .

In 1995 , the newly elected Republican Congress passed a budget bill that included a `` compliance initiative '' authorizing the hiring of 1,200 new IRS agents .
in 1995 , the newly elected republican congress passed a budget bill that included a `` compliance initiative '' authorizing the hiring of 1,200 new irs [people] .

The IRS persecutes the poor : One of the disguised IRS agents said on 60 Minutes that the agency focuses on the poor and ignores wealthy people `` because those people can bring in an accountant or a tax attorney and fight this system . ''
the irs persecutes the poor : one of the disguised irs [people] said on 60 minutes that the agency focuses on the poor and ignores wealthy people `` because those people can bring in an accountant or a tax attorney and fight this system . ''

This accusation contradicts the previous one -- that agents are trying to meet quotas .
this accusation contradicts the previous one -- that [people] are trying to meet quotas .

It is alarming , to say the least , if agents trained in lying abroad are now moonlighting at home -- even if they 're telling the truth this time .
it is alarming , to say the least , if [people] trained in lying abroad are now moonlighting at home -- even if they 're telling the truth this time .

According to FBI files obtained by Hersh , agents monitoring her home saw two men break in via the fire escape .
according to fbi files obtained by hersh , [people] monitoring her home saw two men break in via the fire escape .

The Clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude Secret Service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .
the clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude secret service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his [people] might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .

Judge Norma Holloway Johnson ruled that Secret Service agents can not refuse to testify before the Lewinsky grand jury about the president 's behavior .
judge norma holloway johnson ruled that secret service [people] can not refuse to testify before the lewinsky grand jury about the president 's behavior .

Judge Norma Holloway Johnson ruled that Secret Service agents can not refuse to testify before the Lewinsky grand jury about the president 's behavior .
judge norma holloway johnson ruled that secret service [people] can not refuse to testify before the lewinsky grand jury about the president 's behavior .

What 's really weird is you just know some of those agents are taking breaks from sifting through company documents and interviewing industry whistleblowers to go have a smoke .
what 's really weird is you just know some of those [people] are taking breaks from sifting through company documents and interviewing industry whistleblowers to go have a smoke .

The Post reports that `` New York police and federal agents arrested three men and seized five powerful bombs yesterday after a tense shootout in a seedy Brooklyn apartment , and the FBI began an intensive investigation to determine whether the suspects had ties to any Middle East terrorist organizations . ''
the post reports that `` new york police and federal [people] arrested three men and seized five powerful bombs yesterday after a tense shootout in a seedy brooklyn apartment , and the fbi began an intensive investigation to determine whether the suspects had ties to any middle east terrorist organizations . ''

When it comes to the operational side of the CIA 's work -- mostly the recruitment of agents in place -- it is certainly more difficult to strike just the right tone with a foreign diplomat or functionary without a broader background than can be gained in Salt Lake City or Dayton .
when it comes to the operational side of the cia 's work -- mostly the recruitment of [people] in place -- it is certainly more difficult to strike just the right tone with a foreign diplomat or functionary without a broader background than can be gained in salt lake city or dayton .

From the perspective of a mayor or state legislator it sounds like a public-relations debacle : The sight of federal agents cuffing some beloved Marcus Welby for recommending a marijuana cigarette for kindly Uncle Sebastian suffering from AIDS will not go over well with voters .
from the perspective of a mayor or state legislator it sounds like a public-relations debacle : the sight of federal [people] cuffing some beloved marcus welby for recommending a marijuana cigarette for kindly uncle sebastian suffering from aids will not go over well with voters .

More money , more agents , and closer supervision are just the first phase .
more money , more [people] , and closer supervision are just the first phase .

As Horn argues , in most cases there is relatively little that parole agents can do to keep an offender who is determined to commit new crimes from committing them .
as horn argues , in most cases there is relatively little that parole [people] can do to keep an offender who is determined to commit new crimes from committing them .

Parole agents often waste time chasing the bad guys rather than helping the good .
parole [people] often waste time chasing the bad guys rather than helping the good .

For example , I 've heard many agents complain of having to revoke the parole of guys who failed a drug test but who were not , in the agent 's best judgment , doing anything more than getting high .
for example , i 've heard many [people] complain of having to revoke the parole of guys who failed a drug test but who were not , in the agent 's best judgment , doing anything more than getting high .

This contrasts , the paper explains , with previous Clinton administration reactions to the original story according to which any such use of intelligence equipment or agents was done with the full witting cooperation of the inspectors and produced information related to their inspection mission .
this contrasts , the paper explains , with previous clinton administration reactions to the original story according to which any such use of intelligence equipment or [people] was done with the full witting cooperation of the inspectors and produced information related to their inspection mission .

The story flatly asserts the involvement of U.S. and Israeli intelligence agents and the government of Kenya , and strongly suggests advance knowledge if not the full cooperation of the government of Greece .
the story flatly asserts the involvement of u.s. and israeli intelligence [people] and the government of kenya , and strongly suggests advance knowledge if not the full cooperation of the government of greece .

Perhaps the biggest news of the piece is that Ocalan 's presence in Nairobi was first detected , two days after he arrived , by FBI agents still there as part of the investigation of last summer 's bombing of the U.S. embassy .
perhaps the biggest news of the piece is that ocalan 's presence in nairobi was first detected , two days after he arrived , by fbi [people] still there as part of the investigation of last summer 's bombing of the u.s. embassy .

British and Israeli agents independently became aware of his presence shortly thereafter .
british and israeli [people] independently became aware of his presence shortly thereafter .

An LAT front-pager and a story inside the NYT report that the offices of onetime Yeltsin intimate , gezillionaire Boris Berezovsky ( the LAT headline calls him the `` Rasputin '' of the current scene ) , were raided this week by government agents on the trail of Berezovsky 's political espionage organization .
an lat front-pager and a story inside the nyt report that the offices of onetime yeltsin intimate , gezillionaire boris berezovsky ( the lat headline calls him the `` rasputin '' of the current scene ) , were raided this week by government [people] on the trail of berezovsky 's political espionage organization .

The NYT reports that FAA agents masquerading as airline passengers have been able to smuggle guns , hand grenades and bombs past security guards or have gotten the weapons sent in through exits .
the nyt reports that faa [people] masquerading as airline passengers have been able to smuggle guns , hand grenades and bombs past security guards or have gotten the weapons sent in through exits .

Consider the WP 's editorial on Monica 's imminent grand jury appearance , which states that her testimony `` offers a welcome opportunity to turn this investigation away from the fascinating but tangential privilege questions about Secret Service agents and White House lawyers in which it has so long been mired .
consider the wp 's editorial on monica 's imminent grand jury appearance , which states that her testimony `` offers a welcome opportunity to turn this investigation away from the fascinating but tangential privilege questions about secret service [people] and white house lawyers in which it has so long been mired .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with a federal appeals court ruling that Secret Service agents are not relieved from testifying before Kenneth Starr 's grand jury by any so-called `` protective function '' privilege .
usa today and the washington post lead with a federal appeals court ruling that secret service [people] are not relieved from testifying before kenneth starr 's grand jury by any so-called `` protective function '' privilege .

The WP continues to pursue a story it broke yesterday : the arrest by Chinese security agents of Natalie Liu , a Beijing-based CBS television producer , who is a Chinese citizen .
the wp continues to pursue a story it broke yesterday : the arrest by chinese security [people] of natalie liu , a beijing-based cbs television producer , who is a chinese citizen .

The root problem , says the paper , is the absence of U.S. intelligence personnel on the ground in Sudan and the government 's resultant reliance on foreign agents , at least one of whom turned out to fabricate his information , which had been the basis for more than 100 CIA reports .
the root problem , says the paper , is the absence of u.s. intelligence personnel on the ground in sudan and the government 's resultant reliance on foreign [people] , at least one of whom turned out to fabricate his information , which had been the basis for more than 100 cia reports .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with Kenneth Starr 's issuance of subpoenas Monday for grand jury testimony from the Secret Service agents who work closest to President Clinton .
usa today and the washington post lead with kenneth starr 's issuance of subpoenas monday for grand jury testimony from the secret service [people] who work closest to president clinton .

USAT and the Post note that the latest round of Starr subpoenas , supported by an appeals court decision last week impugning the notion of `` protective privilege , '' targets agents with far more intimate knowledge of presidential behavior and movements than the uniformed Secret Service personnel previously interviewed .
usat and the post note that the latest round of starr subpoenas , supported by an appeals court decision last week impugning the notion of `` protective privilege , '' targets [people] with far more intimate knowledge of presidential behavior and movements than the uniformed secret service personnel previously interviewed .

Because the DOJ is expected to contest the subpoenas , the agents ' compelled testimony , says USAT , is not expected anytime soon .
because the doj is expected to contest the subpoenas , the [people] ' compelled testimony , says usat , is not expected anytime soon .

Odd discrepancy : the WP says seven agents were subpoenaed while USAT says five .
odd discrepancy : the wp says seven [people] were subpoenaed while usat says five .

Three Secret Service agents testified before a federal grand jury yesterday , and the surprisingly swift development captured the leads at all three papers -- the Washington Post , the New York Times , and the Los Angeles Times .
three secret service [people] testified before a federal grand jury yesterday , and the surprisingly swift development captured the leads at all three papers -- the washington post , the new york times , and the los angeles times .

The agents were cleared to testify when Chief Justice William Rehnquist denied a last-ditch DOJ appeal to stay their testimony .
the [people] were cleared to testify when chief justice william rehnquist denied a last-ditch doj appeal to stay their testimony .

Among the legal subtexts to Rehnquist 's decision : Even if the Supreme Court agrees to hear the government 's case that Secret Service agents should not be allowed to testify -- and , further , in the unlikely event that the Court overturns the U.S. Court of Appeals ' decision discounting the Secret Service claim of `` protective function privilege '' -- the Secret Service 's testimony in the Lewinsky matter will stand .
among the legal subtexts to rehnquist 's decision : even if the supreme court agrees to hear the government 's case that secret service [people] should not be allowed to testify -- and , further , in the unlikely event that the court overturns the u.s. court of appeals ' decision discounting the secret service claim of `` protective function privilege '' -- the secret service 's testimony in the lewinsky matter will stand .

The paper reports that government officials are concerned that health insurance companies are circumventing the law by discouraging sales to certain individuals , charging very high premiums or penalizing insurance agents who sell policies to those with preexisting conditions .
the paper reports that government officials are concerned that health insurance companies are circumventing the law by discouraging sales to certain individuals , charging very high premiums or penalizing insurance [people] who sell policies to those with preexisting conditions .

The Los Angeles Times leads with claims by the lawyers of some subpoenaed Secret Service agents that because of the agency 's practices inside the White House , their clients are n't likely to know much about President Clinton 's personal activities .
the los angeles times leads with claims by the lawyers of some subpoenaed secret service [people] that because of the agency 's practices inside the white house , their clients are n't likely to know much about president clinton 's personal activities .

Crown land is used ( as it has been in Canadian English ) of land that is either inalienable or unalienated , of land that is either reserved for the purposes of the Crown or the Crown 's agents or held in the name of the Crown .
crown land is used ( as it has been in canadian english ) of land that is either inalienable or unalienated , of land that is either reserved for the purposes of the crown or the crown 's [people] or held in the name of the crown .

The business of allocating land within the limits of location required land agents , a Land Board , Land Commissioner , land fund , land orders , and led ( as early as 1809 ) to land-jobbing and speculation by land-jobbers and land-sharks .
the business of allocating land within the limits of location required land [people] , a land board , land commissioner , land fund , land orders , and led ( as early as 1809 ) to land-jobbing and speculation by land-jobbers and land-sharks .

To reflect Israeli life more accurately , I suggested , they would have to print the news in the same sort of English favored by real-estate agents :
to reflect israeli life more accurately , i suggested , they would have to print the news in the same sort of english favored by real-estate [people] :

Bombs are called systems , poisons are agents .
bombs are called systems , poisons are [people] .

Yes , Night will devour Day , but Macbeth 's significant meaning here is : under cover of darkness—in reckless defiance of weird authority—he will have his black agents eliminate the bonded progenitor of Scottish kings , along with his only progeny .
yes , night will devour day , but macbeth 's significant meaning here is : under cover of darkness—in reckless defiance of weird authority—he will have his black [people] eliminate the bonded progenitor of scottish kings , along with his only progeny .

There seems to be a kind of semantic quality that makes adjectives softer and gentler than nouns and makes of them softening agents .
there seems to be a kind of semantic quality that makes adjectives softer and gentler than nouns and makes of them softening [people] .

These were not recruited agents , simply assets .
these were not recruited [people] , simply assets .

Real-estate firms and agents around here routinely use newer on written house descriptions to mean recent but not new .
real-estate firms and [people] around here routinely use newer on written house descriptions to mean recent but not new .

