# on aggregate -> in total

Aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million .
[combine] sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million .

No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be .
no one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their [combine] value may be .

Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments .
throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the [combine] have usually matched or exceeded the federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either federal or state governments .

Thus , in the aggregate , the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms , notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions .
thus , in the [combine] , the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms , notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions .

We are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry's product .
we are concerned with [combine] demand for the industry's product .

In any given time period , the aggregate demand for the industry's product is determined by two things : the price charged by the industry , and the level of Aj .
in any given time period , the [combine] demand for the industry's product is determined by two things : the price charged by the industry , and the level of aj .

Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent .
thus , during any given year ( a ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( b ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( c ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the [combine] , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent .

The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .
the inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly [combine] thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .

Town 's nerve held out just and with a 5-4 aggregate , they booked their place to Wembley .
town 's nerve held out just and with a 5-4 [combine] , they booked their place to wembley .

Nine two on aggregate .
nine two on [combine] .

In the first six months of 1992 , member firms ' pre-tax aggregate profits totalled £131 million .
in the first six months of 1992 , member firms ' pre-tax [combine] profits totalled £131 million .

The losses run up in the third quarter will seriously hit the aggregate figure for the whole of 1992 , with pre-tax profits for the year expected to be about 95 per cent down on the £528 million recorded in 1991 .
the losses run up in the third quarter will seriously hit the [combine] figure for the whole of 1992 , with pre-tax profits for the year expected to be about 95 per cent down on the £528 million recorded in 1991 .

Electronics accounted for 21 per cent of aggregate manufacturing employment in 1991 , against only 7 per cent in 1981 .
electronics accounted for 21 per cent of [combine] manufacturing employment in 1991 , against only 7 per cent in 1981 .

Antwerp 's costly European ‘ first ’ Steaua Bucharest1 Antwerp1 ( aggregate 1-1 ) Antwerp won on away goals
antwerp 's costly european ‘ first ’ steaua bucharest1 antwerp1 ( [combine] 1-1 ) antwerp won on away goals

Juventus relieved to reach last four Juventus3 Benfica0 ( aggregate 4-2 )
juventus relieved to reach last four juventus3 benfica0 ( [combine] 4-2 )

James , who shot a second-round 69 to add to his opening 71 for a four-under-par aggregate of 140 , is one stroke ahead of South African De Wet Basson and Dutchman Chris Van Der Velde — and very happy with his golf .
james , who shot a second-round 69 to add to his opening 71 for a four-under-par [combine] of 140 , is one stroke ahead of south african de wet basson and dutchman chris van der velde — and very happy with his golf .

He compiled breaks of 52 , 62 and 65 in the following two frames to lead 8-4 while Wattana , by now looking ragged , managed to aggregate only 13 points .
he compiled breaks of 52 , 62 and 65 in the following two frames to lead 8-4 while wattana , by now looking ragged , managed to [combine] only 13 points .

Servette have played in Europe 20 times , including a 4–3 aggregate win against Linfield in the 1985 European Cup .
servette have played in europe 20 times , including a 4–3 [combine] win against linfield in the 1985 european cup .

Do not be afraid to aggregate categories that are not ( for your purposes ) usefully differentiated but , on the other hand , mention parallel or inverse trends in subclasses if you feel these represent more than sampling variability .
do not be afraid to [combine] categories that are not ( for your purposes ) usefully differentiated but , on the other hand , mention parallel or inverse trends in subclasses if you feel these represent more than sampling variability .

Table 7.5 Investment Trusts : Aggregate Assets . Amount Outstanding End Year , Market Value 1989
table 7.5 investment trusts : [combine] assets . amount outstanding end year , market value 1989

Table 7.13 Non-Bank Credit Companies : Aggregate Balance Sheet . Holdings at end of year , book values 1989
table 7.13 non-bank credit companies : [combine] balance sheet . holdings at end of year , book values 1989

Such aggregate figures could be misleading , however .
such [combine] figures could be misleading , however .

Even where prices could be raised to offset the wage increases , aggregate profits would still fall eventually if credit was not extended fast enough to allow the sale of the same volume of commodities at the higher price level .
even where prices could be raised to offset the wage increases , [combine] profits would still fall eventually if credit was not extended fast enough to allow the sale of the same volume of commodities at the higher price level .

The Toutée procedure , adopted in May 1964 , fixed an aggregate figure for wage increases in particular sectors , leaving the distribution of the overall increase to be negotiated between unions and management .
the toutée procedure , adopted in may 1964 , fixed an [combine] figure for wage increases in particular sectors , leaving the distribution of the overall increase to be negotiated between unions and management .

And that goes on aggregate on the night , yeah ?
and that goes on [combine] on the night , yeah ?

Crewe Clarion Wheelers had strength in depth with Alan Roberts well supported by Stuart Mitton , 56.41 and Chris Whittle , 58.00 for an aggregate of 2.50.30 .
crewe clarion wheelers had strength in depth with alan roberts well supported by stuart mitton , 56.41 and chris whittle , 58.00 for an [combine] of 2.50.30 .

Crewe Clarion took the team prize with the same trio who won the Century 25 Roberts , Stuart Mitton ( 59.26 ) and Chris Whittle ( 59.51 ) with an aggregate of 2.56.08 .
crewe clarion took the team prize with the same trio who won the century 25 roberts , stuart mitton ( 59.26 ) and chris whittle ( 59.51 ) with an [combine] of 2.56.08 .

They have a 12-point deficit to claw back from the first Gold Cup leg at Glasgow , and judging from Sunday 's encouraging performance against Edinburgh , they should be able to clinch the bonus point for an aggregate victory .
they have a 12-point deficit to claw back from the first gold cup leg at glasgow , and judging from sunday 's encouraging performance against edinburgh , they should be able to clinch the bonus point for an [combine] victory .

The Erimus Angling trophy was netted by Henry Stynan and Keith Bellamy taking the aggregate award .
the erimus angling trophy was netted by henry stynan and keith bellamy taking the [combine] award .

Metcalfe was first dropped for the game against Kent but returned at Basingstoke after two half centuries in a second team match and he was the top aggregate scorer against Hampshire .
metcalfe was first dropped for the game against kent but returned at basingstoke after two half centuries in a second team match and he was the top [combine] scorer against hampshire .

The there will be three distances involved Brough Park 290m , 460m , 670m ; Cleveland Park 266m , 464m , 640m ; Sunderland 255m , 450m , 631m and the aggregate points winners over all three legs .
the there will be three distances involved brough park 290m , 460m , 670m ; cleveland park 266m , 464m , 640m ; sunderland 255m , 450m , 631m and the [combine] points winners over all three legs .

Crewe Clarion Wheelers had strength in depth , with Alan Roberts well supported by Stuart Mitton , 56.41. and Chris Whittle , 58.00. for an aggregate of 2.50.30 .
crewe clarion wheelers had strength in depth , with alan roberts well supported by stuart mitton , 56.41. and chris whittle , 58.00. for an [combine] of 2.50.30 .

The game ended 1–1 , the Blues losing out 3–2 on aggregate to the Georgian champions .
the game ended 1–1 , the blues losing out 3–2 on [combine] to the georgian champions .

Derek Mountfield got the first … Mark Burke the second … the last few minutes were frightening … but thankfully Wolves 2-1 win was n't enough to stop Town going through 3-2 on aggregate …
derek mountfield got the first … mark burke the second … the last few minutes were frightening … but thankfully wolves 2-1 win was n't enough to stop town going through 3-2 on [combine] …

The result was all wrong … 6-2 on aggregate to Tranmere but there was a flicker of hope in the flames as United 's cup run went up in smoke …
the result was all wrong … 6-2 on [combine] to tranmere but there was a flicker of hope in the flames as united 's cup run went up in smoke …

Swindon Town are through to the third round of the Coca Cola Cup after a nine-two aggregate win over Torquay … and tonight Oxford United will be trying to join them but they 've got to win at Aston Villa … Tim Russon reports
swindon town are through to the third round of the coca cola cup after a nine-two [combine] win over torquay … and tonight oxford united will be trying to join them but they 've got to win at aston villa … tim russon reports

On Wednesday night he did but it was n't Bangor wearing their usual strip … they are also Apoel Nicosia 's colours and it was the Cypriots who squeezed through 3-2 on aggregate .
on wednesday night he did but it was n't bangor wearing their usual strip … they are also apoel nicosia 's colours and it was the cypriots who squeezed through 3-2 on [combine] .

On Wednesday night Linfield were out of the competition , beaten fairly it seemed by an aggregate score of 3-2 and facing a loss of around £15,000 on the failed European venture .
on wednesday night linfield were out of the competition , beaten fairly it seemed by an [combine] score of 3-2 and facing a loss of around £15,000 on the failed european venture .

They reached a target of 411 in a match which produced the highest-ever aggregate score in England .
they reached a target of 411 in a match which produced the highest-ever [combine] score in england .

His 198 aggregate is the lowest of the season so far .
his 198 [combine] is the lowest of the season so far .

Gooch 's 79 , his second 50 of the match , took him past David Gower 's previous England Test run aggregate record mark of 8,231 .
gooch 's 79 , his second 50 of the match , took him past david gower 's previous england test run [combine] record mark of 8,231 .

‘ Accepted this recommendation while emphasizing that the estimates for the precise amount of plutonium in the fuel discharge from an individual nuclear power station in any one year has a marginal uncertainty of around plus or minus five percent , and the aggregate total of such estimates has a margin of uncertainty of around plus or minus ’
‘ accepted this recommendation while emphasizing that the estimates for the precise amount of plutonium in the fuel discharge from an individual nuclear power station in any one year has a marginal uncertainty of around plus or minus five percent , and the [combine] total of such estimates has a margin of uncertainty of around plus or minus ’

The effect of these changes on port performance is difficult to determine — at least at the aggregate level .
the effect of these changes on port performance is difficult to determine — at least at the [combine] level .

Leeds midfielder David Batty is winning his fight to shrug off an ankle injury and be fit for the second leg , which his side start 2-1 down on aggregate .
leeds midfielder david batty is winning his fight to shrug off an ankle injury and be fit for the second leg , which his side start 2-1 down on [combine] .

Liverpool 0 Spartak Moscow 2 Aggregate : 2-6
liverpool 0 spartak moscow 2 [combine] : 2-6

The silky attacking class and defensive composure of the newly-crowned Russian champions proved all too much for Liverpool as they slumped to a defeat which equalled their heaviest on aggregate in Europe .
the silky attacking class and defensive composure of the newly-crowned russian champions proved all too much for liverpool as they slumped to a defeat which equalled their heaviest on [combine] in europe .

Stndrd Liege 1 Hearts 0 ( aggregate 2-0 )
stndrd liege 1 hearts 0 ( [combine] 2-0 )

Hateley collected a reputed £20,000 bonus along with his Ibrox teammates as the reward for their 4-2 aggregate win .
hateley collected a reputed £20,000 bonus along with his ibrox teammates as the reward for their 4-2 [combine] win .

Distributional factors should always be borne in mind when considering the effects of changes in aggregate variables .
distributional factors should always be borne in mind when considering the effects of changes in [combine] variables .

Such an aggregate will only equal the value of total output if those goods which are produced but not sold are also included — this item , which is called ‘ net changes in stocks and work in progress ’ , is normally counted as part of firms ' investment spending ( which is logical since such goods are for future rather than current consumption ) .
such an [combine] will only equal the value of total output if those goods which are produced but not sold are also included — this item , which is called ‘ net changes in stocks and work in progress ’ , is normally counted as part of firms ' investment spending ( which is logical since such goods are for future rather than current consumption ) .

Aggregate demand
[combine] demand

As we mentioned at the beginning of this chapter , aggregate demand is the total demand for all final goods and services in an economy over a period of time and consists of the sum of the demands of consumers , firms , the government and foreigners .
as we mentioned at the beginning of this chapter , [combine] demand is the total demand for all final goods and services in an economy over a period of time and consists of the sum of the demands of consumers , firms , the government and foreigners .

At first sight , it may appear that the value of aggregate demand for a country should be the same as its national expenditure .
at first sight , it may appear that the value of [combine] demand for a country should be the same as its national expenditure .

National expenditure is the actual amount of money spent on goods and services over a given period of time , whereas aggregate demand is the total value that households , firms , the government and foreigners plan to spend out of their respective incomes over that time period : in other words , it is the total amount they are willing and able to spend .
national expenditure is the actual amount of money spent on goods and services over a given period of time , whereas [combine] demand is the total value that households , firms , the government and foreigners plan to spend out of their respective incomes over that time period : in other words , it is the total amount they are willing and able to spend .

National expenditure , then , can be called actual expenditure , while aggregate demand can be called planned expenditure .
national expenditure , then , can be called actual expenditure , while [combine] demand can be called planned expenditure .

This occurs when the total demand for all goods and services ( aggregate demand ) is equal to the total supply of these goods and services ( aggregate supply ) .
this occurs when the total demand for all goods and services ( [combine] demand ) is equal to the total supply of these goods and services ( [combine] supply ) .

Aggregate demand = Aggregate supply Only when this condition is satisfied can we say that the total value of goods and services that households and the other economic agents want to buy is equal to the total value that firms want to produce .
[combine] demand = [combine] supply only when this condition is satisfied can we say that the total value of goods and services that households and the other economic agents want to buy is equal to the total value that firms want to produce .

Note that aggregate supply can not strictly be regarded as being the same as national income .
note that [combine] supply can not strictly be regarded as being the same as national income .

Aggregate supply , on the other hand , is the amount that firms want to produce given the general level of wages and prices .
[combine] supply , on the other hand , is the amount that firms want to produce given the general level of wages and prices .

economic aggregate
economic [combine]

aggregate demand
[combine] demand

aggregate supply
[combine] supply

This shortfall is made up by investment demand and so long as investment and saving are equal , aggregate demand ( which in this simple model is consumption plus investment ) will necessarily equal the total value of production .
this shortfall is made up by investment demand and so long as investment and saving are equal , [combine] demand ( which in this simple model is consumption plus investment ) will necessarily equal the total value of production .

Given these conditions , there could be no overproduction ( or , in other words , no general deficiency of aggregate demand ) and full employment would be assured .
given these conditions , there could be no overproduction ( or , in other words , no general deficiency of [combine] demand ) and full employment would be assured .

This means that in a situation where saving exceeds investment , so that aggregate demand is less than the total value of production , firms will reduce output and lay off workers .
this means that in a situation where saving exceeds investment , so that [combine] demand is less than the total value of production , firms will reduce output and lay off workers .

He argued that even if wages and prices were flexible , aggregate demand would not necessarily be sufficient to ensure full employment .
he argued that even if wages and prices were flexible , [combine] demand would not necessarily be sufficient to ensure full employment .

The main result of the Keynesian theory is that the level of real national income and therefore employment is determined largely by the level of aggregate demand .
the main result of the keynesian theory is that the level of real national income and therefore employment is determined largely by the level of [combine] demand .

National income will then fall until the value of what is produced is equal to the value of aggregate demand .
national income will then fall until the value of what is produced is equal to the value of [combine] demand .

It follows that there will only be one level of national income at which aggregate demand is equal to the total value of production .
it follows that there will only be one level of national income at which [combine] demand is equal to the total value of production .

For equilibrium , we require that the aggregate demand for the economy 's goods and services should be just equal to the total value of goods and services produced .
for equilibrium , we require that the [combine] demand for the economy 's goods and services should be just equal to the total value of goods and services produced .

The total injections , total withdrawals and aggregate demand lines for this economy are drawn together with a 45° line in Fig .
the total injections , total withdrawals and [combine] demand lines for this economy are drawn together with a 45° line in fig .

For example , suppose that the prevailing level of income were £50 million : as can be seen from Table 1 , this would mean that £50 million worth of goods and services were being produced when aggregate demand was only £46 million .
for example , suppose that the prevailing level of income were £50 million : as can be seen from table 1 , this would mean that £50 million worth of goods and services were being produced when [combine] demand was only £46 million .

Similarly , if income were £30 million , aggregate demand would be £34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so increase national income .
similarly , if income were £30 million , [combine] demand would be £34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so increase national income .

This will raise aggregate demand directly and , by increasing total injections , will have a multiplier effect on income .
this will raise [combine] demand directly and , by increasing total injections , will have a multiplier effect on income .

In practice , governments can also use monetary policy and exchange rate policy to influence the level of aggregate demand .
in practice , governments can also use monetary policy and exchange rate policy to influence the level of [combine] demand .

The major policy implication of the Keynesian theory , then , is that aggregate demand must be increased in order to combat demand-deficient unemployment .
the major policy implication of the keynesian theory , then , is that [combine] demand must be increased in order to combat demand-deficient unemployment .

That is , in periods of high unemployment , the government would expand aggregate demand : this would reduce the unemployment but at the same time tend to create inflationary pressure so that eventually the government would have to reduce aggregate demand again .
that is , in periods of high unemployment , the government would expand [combine] demand : this would reduce the unemployment but at the same time tend to create inflationary pressure so that eventually the government would have to reduce [combine] demand again .

We turn now to an analysis of the main determinants of consumption and investment , two of the main components of aggregate demand .
we turn now to an analysis of the main determinants of consumption and investment , two of the main components of [combine] demand .

Thirdly , we make use of indifference curve analysis to examine the microeconomic foundations of aggregate consumption and we outline the ‘ permanent income ’ and ‘ relative income ’ hypotheses .
thirdly , we make use of indifference curve analysis to examine the microeconomic foundations of [combine] consumption and we outline the ‘ permanent income ’ and ‘ relative income ’ hypotheses .

It can be seen from Table 2 in Chapter 17 that consumption spending accounted for over two-thirds of total expenditure in the United Kingdom in 1987 and consequently is a very important component of aggregate demand .
it can be seen from table 2 in chapter 17 that consumption spending accounted for over two-thirds of total expenditure in the united kingdom in 1987 and consequently is a very important component of [combine] demand .

To consider the influence of wealth on aggregate consumption , we should first examine the microeconomic analysis of an individual consumer choosing between present and future consumption .
to consider the influence of wealth on [combine] consumption , we should first examine the microeconomic analysis of an individual consumer choosing between present and future consumption .

In a normal year ( that is , not a boom year or a slump year ) , we should expect aggregate transitory income to be zero , so that aggregate measured and permanent incomes would be equal .
in a normal year ( that is , not a boom year or a slump year ) , we should expect [combine] transitory income to be zero , so that [combine] measured and permanent incomes would be equal .

In a boom year , though , when many people would be experiencing unexpectedly high incomes , aggregate measured income should exceed aggregate permanent income .
in a boom year , though , when many people would be experiencing unexpectedly high incomes , [combine] measured income should exceed [combine] permanent income .

To explain the non-proportionality of annual time-series data , such as that in Table 3 , Duesenberry suggests that aggregate consumption depends not just on current income , but also on the highest level of income previously attained .
to explain the non-proportionality of annual time-series data , such as that in table 3 , duesenberry suggests that [combine] consumption depends not just on current income , but also on the highest level of income previously attained .

The aggregate investment curve .
the [combine] investment curve .

Consumption and investment are two major components of aggregate demand .
consumption and investment are two major components of [combine] demand .

In this chapter , we have outlined the main theories which seek to explain the aggregate levels of consumption and investment .
in this chapter , we have outlined the main theories which seek to explain the [combine] levels of consumption and investment .

Consider the view that the link between aggregate consumption and current measured income is a tenuous one .
consider the view that the link between [combine] consumption and current measured income is a tenuous one .

Discuss the influence of changes in interest rates on aggregate investment in the United Kingdom .
discuss the influence of changes in interest rates on [combine] investment in the united kingdom .

Given the paucity of aggregate savings and the narrow base for taxation , most governments in LDCs resort to budgetary deficits , financed through the printing of money , as a means of speeding up the process of economic development .
given the paucity of [combine] savings and the narrow base for taxation , most governments in ldcs resort to budgetary deficits , financed through the printing of money , as a means of speeding up the process of economic development .

In the aggregate , however , the community can not reduce its bond holdings and the attempt to do so only drives down bond prices and , therefore , leads to an increase in interest rates .
in the [combine] , however , the community can not reduce its bond holdings and the attempt to do so only drives down bond prices and , therefore , leads to an increase in interest rates .

It can be seen that the chain of causation is long so that , overall , the effect of interest rate changes on aggregate demand may be small .
it can be seen that the chain of causation is long so that , overall , the effect of interest rate changes on [combine] demand may be small .

The model does not enable us to examine the effects of changes in aggregate demand on both output and prices .
the model does not enable us to examine the effects of changes in [combine] demand on both output and prices .

The lower left-hand graph is the short-run aggregate production function and the lower right-hand graph illustrates the economy 's labour market .
the lower left-hand graph is the short-run [combine] production function and the lower right-hand graph illustrates the economy 's labour market .

Definition : The aggregate demand curve joins together all those combinations of the price level and real income at which both the real sector and the monetary sector of the economy are in equilibrium .
definition : the [combine] demand curve joins together all those combinations of the price level and real income at which both the real sector and the monetary sector of the economy are in equilibrium .

In the recovery phase , however , the level of aggregate demand is rising and consequently businessmen become more optimistic .
in the recovery phase , however , the level of [combine] demand is rising and consequently businessmen become more optimistic .

Furthermore , it is likely that some investment will be occurring somewhere in the economy so that aggregate investment is never likely actually to disappear completely .
furthermore , it is likely that some investment will be occurring somewhere in the economy so that [combine] investment is never likely actually to disappear completely .

Nine two on aggregate .
nine two on [combine] .

In quite dreadful weather conditions Cook put together rounds of 75-80-71-69 for an aggregate of 295 .
in quite dreadful weather conditions cook put together rounds of 75-80-71-69 for an [combine] of 295 .

The specks of dust consisting of heavier particles flung off by the Sun aggregate into larger lumps ( a process which can be duplicated in a laboratory ) .
the specks of dust consisting of heavier particles flung off by the sun [combine] into larger lumps ( a process which can be duplicated in a laboratory ) .

Evolution as a ladder of progression , where the tiny and simple aggregate together over time to become the large and complex .
evolution as a ladder of progression , where the tiny and simple [combine] together over time to become the large and complex .

As Arnold himself so clearly saw , ‘ a society formed exclusively of boys , that is of elements each separately weak and imperfect , becomes more than an aggregate of their several defects ; the amount of evil in the mass is greater than the sum of evil in the individuals ’ .
as arnold himself so clearly saw , ‘ a society formed exclusively of boys , that is of elements each separately weak and imperfect , becomes more than an [combine] of their several defects ; the amount of evil in the mass is greater than the sum of evil in the individuals ’ .

Furthermore , in the aggregate we stand to be robbed of far more by these fine gentlemen acting in the good name of their corporation than by the common rogues apparently acting from some morally worthless motive .
furthermore , in the [combine] we stand to be robbed of far more by these fine gentlemen acting in the good name of their corporation than by the common rogues apparently acting from some morally worthless motive .

The elegant Gower had rediscovered his appetite to be both combative and successful in the Test arena and had celebrated his return after nearly 20 months ' absence by eclipsing Geoff Boycott 's long standing English Test runs aggregate .
the elegant gower had rediscovered his appetite to be both combative and successful in the test arena and had celebrated his return after nearly 20 months ' absence by eclipsing geoff boycott 's long standing english test runs [combine] .

Nightmare Nick , three ahead at the eighth , took 42 on the back nine and left Jimenez to pocket £100,000 with a 274 aggregate .
nightmare nick , three ahead at the eighth , took 42 on the back nine and left jimenez to pocket £100,000 with a 274 [combine] .

Who has made the highest aggregate number of runs in a career which has not included a score of 300 ?
who has made the highest [combine] number of runs in a career which has not included a score of 300 ?

David Boon scored centuries in the third , fourth and fifth Tests , on his way to a series aggregate of 556 runs at an average of 79.43
david boon scored centuries in the third , fourth and fifth tests , on his way to a series [combine] of 556 runs at an average of 79.43

The remaining measure of economic performance is aggregate domestic investment .
the remaining measure of economic performance is [combine] domestic investment .

Nevertheless the Phillips curve had a siren appeal in the later 1950s and early 1960s because of the ease with which it could be translated into part of aggregate demand management .
nevertheless the phillips curve had a siren appeal in the later 1950s and early 1960s because of the ease with which it could be translated into part of [combine] demand management .

If a much more severe monetary policy had been followed there is every reason to believe that while price rises would have been curtailed , unemployment would have risen even more sharply , thus confirming Keynesian analysis of a lack of aggregate demand rather than the monetarist concept of a natural rate of unemployment .
if a much more severe monetary policy had been followed there is every reason to believe that while price rises would have been curtailed , unemployment would have risen even more sharply , thus confirming keynesian analysis of a lack of [combine] demand rather than the monetarist concept of a natural rate of unemployment .

It is , for example , frequently assumed that more equal distribution of income and wealth raises the level of aggregate welfare [ Atkinson , 1975 ] .
it is , for example , frequently assumed that more equal distribution of income and wealth raises the level of [combine] welfare [ atkinson , 1975 ] .

This market is currently valued at $ 6,500m worldwide and is expected to grow at an aggregate annual rate of 13 % .
this market is currently valued at $ 6,500m worldwide and is expected to grow at an [combine] annual rate of 13 % .

Ameritech Corp 's Cleveland-based Ohio Bell is calling its 8.75% debentures due April 15 2026 : all $125m of aggregate principal out will be redeemed on April 30 1993 by National City Bank of Cleveland at 107% per $1,000 bond , plus accrued interest .
ameritech corp 's cleveland-based ohio bell is calling its 8.75% debentures due april 15 2026 : all $125m of [combine] principal out will be redeemed on april 30 1993 by national city bank of cleveland at 107% per $1,000 bond , plus accrued interest .

final of the Coca-Cola Cup with a 2–1 semi-final second leg win over Blackburn to win 6–3 on aggregate .
final of the coca-cola cup with a 2–1 semi-final second leg win over blackburn to win 6–3 on [combine] .

Mr Steward may feel that the project is ‘ low key ’ , but when a nine acre sand and gravel pit is proposed to be worked for four years only a matter of 45 metres from the nearest residence and 280 metres from the centre of Cross Green ( Atlas Aggregate 's figures ) , the residents of Cockfield are entitled to feel differently .
mr steward may feel that the project is ‘ low key ’ , but when a nine acre sand and gravel pit is proposed to be worked for four years only a matter of 45 metres from the nearest residence and 280 metres from the centre of cross green ( atlas [combine] 's figures ) , the residents of cockfield are entitled to feel differently .

Played entirely on handicap , it meant that a team like the O'Briens , the aggregate of whose handicaps added up to thirty-eight goals , could be pitted against a team whose goals only totalled eight .
played entirely on handicap , it meant that a team like the o'briens , the [combine] of whose handicaps added up to thirty-eight goals , could be pitted against a team whose goals only totalled eight .

The aggregate turnover of the Indian computer industry rose 27% in the year to March to reach $1,000m , according to the Manufacturers Association for Information Technology ; exports of hardware and software totalled $105m , up from $88m .
the [combine] turnover of the indian computer industry rose 27% in the year to march to reach $1,000m , according to the manufacturers association for information technology ; exports of hardware and software totalled $105m , up from $88m .

However , the most distinctive part was not the chalk uplands but the little Thames-side hundred of Stoke , lying on the richest soil and closest to London , where little short of half the aggregate wealth belonged to just a dozen men — 2½ per cent of the listed inhabitants — rated at £40 and upwards , indeed practically one-third belonged to the five rated at £100 or more .
however , the most distinctive part was not the chalk uplands but the little thames-side hundred of stoke , lying on the richest soil and closest to london , where little short of half the [combine] wealth belonged to just a dozen men — 2½ per cent of the listed inhabitants — rated at £40 and upwards , indeed practically one-third belonged to the five rated at £100 or more .

Five times the size of Rutland , Buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the Chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in Buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .
five times the size of rutland , buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced [combine] wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .

Chichester , with a population approaching 2,000 , also had its substantial merchants , yet its wealth was matched by that of the prosperous farming community of the coastal strip and the South Downs , despite £5,850 coming yearly into the city from all corners of Sussex as the income of the cathedral dignitaries ; almost certainly the moveable wealth of the clerical establishment was proportionately every bit as high as in Exeter , where it equalled one-sixth of aggregate lay wealth .
chichester , with a population approaching 2,000 , also had its substantial merchants , yet its wealth was matched by that of the prosperous farming community of the coastal strip and the south downs , despite £5,850 coming yearly into the city from all corners of sussex as the income of the cathedral dignitaries ; almost certainly the moveable wealth of the clerical establishment was proportionately every bit as high as in exeter , where it equalled one-sixth of [combine] lay wealth .

Its per capita wealth was nearly double that of the four nearby rural hundreds , with almost four-fifths of the aggregate concentrated in the hands of twenty-nine rich , or very rich , men ; no less than 41.6 per cent belonged to the top five , compared with the ‘ normal ’ 9.6 in villages and small towns .
its per capita wealth was nearly double that of the four nearby rural hundreds , with almost four-fifths of the [combine] concentrated in the hands of twenty-nine rich , or very rich , men ; no less than 41.6 per cent belonged to the top five , compared with the ‘ normal ’ 9.6 in villages and small towns .

In contrast , however , the omission of information for the Westwood nunnery leaves the Worcestershire aggregate defective , while data relating to secular clergy in the Aylesbury hundreds of Buckinghamshire are probably inadequate .
in contrast , however , the omission of information for the westwood nunnery leaves the worcestershire [combine] defective , while data relating to secular clergy in the aylesbury hundreds of buckinghamshire are probably inadequate .

If as in pluralistic societies , individual enterprises were free to scan the market place themselves , they might duplicate purchases but , in the aggregate , would also spot more opportunities than would a relatively small number of foreign trade officials .
if as in pluralistic societies , individual enterprises were free to scan the market place themselves , they might duplicate purchases but , in the [combine] , would also spot more opportunities than would a relatively small number of foreign trade officials .

Considers budgets , aggregate resource levels , numbers of weapons .
considers budgets , [combine] resource levels , numbers of weapons .

You can ring the changes by exposing the aggregate and creating a rough surface texture if you find a smooth finish uninspiring .
you can ring the changes by exposing the [combine] and creating a rough surface texture if you find a smooth finish uninspiring .

Celtic , given a marvellous start by Gerry Creaney , who levelled the scores on aggregate , were stunned by striker Stephane Chapuisat 's 53rd-minute equaliser .
celtic , given a marvellous start by gerry creaney , who levelled the scores on [combine] , were stunned by striker stephane chapuisat 's 53rd-minute equaliser .

Leeds 1 Rangers 2 ( Aggregate : 2–4 )
leeds 1 rangers 2 ( [combine] : 2–4 )

Marsh was dismissed with three minutes to go for a late challenge on Dimitr Radchenko , scorer of Spartak 's first goal , in their 2–0 success which made it 6–2 on aggregate .
marsh was dismissed with three minutes to go for a late challenge on dimitr radchenko , scorer of spartak 's first goal , in their 2–0 success which made it 6–2 on [combine] .

For instance a thin stream of liquid , from a tap which is being turned off , will reach a diameter at which it pays it to break up into separate drops simply because these have less aggregate area then the cylindrical stream .
for instance a thin stream of liquid , from a tap which is being turned off , will reach a diameter at which it pays it to break up into separate drops simply because these have less [combine] area then the cylindrical stream .

However when she is heeling and lurching her way to windward the aggregate of the tensions in the shrouds and stays which support the masts is comparable to the ship 's displacement and may thus amount to several thousand tons .
however when she is heeling and lurching her way to windward the [combine] of the tensions in the shrouds and stays which support the masts is comparable to the ship 's displacement and may thus amount to several thousand tons .

World football 's ruling body were asked to unravel the case of Spartak Moscow 's Mikhail Rusayev , who appeared in the first two rounds of the Cup Winners ' Cup , including the 6-2 aggregate win over Liverpool , without compulsory international clearance .
world football 's ruling body were asked to unravel the case of spartak moscow 's mikhail rusayev , who appeared in the first two rounds of the cup winners ' cup , including the 6-2 [combine] win over liverpool , without compulsory international clearance .

Winning , by completing all four legs in the fastest aggregate time , will , she promises , be ‘ down to skill ’ .
winning , by completing all four legs in the fastest [combine] time , will , she promises , be ‘ down to skill ’ .

Other points covered in the elements chapter include the complementary nature of assets and liabilities , how in some cases identifying a liability leads to identification of an asset , as well as the question of offsetting — the circumstances in which it is correct to aggregate debit and credit items to form a single net asset or liability .
other points covered in the elements chapter include the complementary nature of assets and liabilities , how in some cases identifying a liability leads to identification of an asset , as well as the question of offsetting — the circumstances in which it is correct to [combine] debit and credit items to form a single net asset or liability .

The fall in investment was so large that it was , by a considerable margin , the most important cause of the decline in aggregate demand , even though it accounts for a much smaller fraction of demand than consumer spending .
the fall in investment was so large that it was , by a considerable margin , the most important cause of the decline in [combine] demand , even though it accounts for a much smaller fraction of demand than consumer spending .

We argue that it was a marked drop in aggregate supply , larger than the initial fall in demand and magnifying it through its knock-on effects , which caused the recession to be much deeper than expected .
we argue that it was a marked drop in [combine] supply , larger than the initial fall in demand and magnifying it through its knock-on effects , which caused the recession to be much deeper than expected .

‘ But despite their heroic culture , with its dreams , visions and utopian ideals , such men became what they feared the most : the proletariat ; a dissociated aggregate of society ; men and women converted from citizens to mass consumers . Now a century later , we are in the midst of mass society , that half-welfare and half-garrison society in which the population grows passive , indifferent and atomized ’
‘ but despite their heroic culture , with its dreams , visions and utopian ideals , such men became what they feared the most : the proletariat ; a dissociated [combine] of society ; men and women converted from citizens to mass consumers . now a century later , we are in the midst of mass society , that half-welfare and half-garrison society in which the population grows passive , indifferent and atomized ’

Legislation was passed which required that persons who had been sentenced to an aggregate of more than three months imprisonment during the past seven years be committed to a superior court when charged with another offence .
legislation was passed which required that persons who had been sentenced to an [combine] of more than three months imprisonment during the past seven years be committed to a superior court when charged with another offence .

The definition of an habitual criminal was altered in 1897 and again in 1899 , when the time limit was dropped and two or more convictions with an aggregate of imprisonment of over six months became the standard .
the definition of an habitual criminal was altered in 1897 and again in 1899 , when the time limit was dropped and two or more convictions with an [combine] of imprisonment of over six months became the standard .

Although Chang Tsai 's comparison with water shows clearly that the ch ' i is a continuum and not an aggregate of atoms , the analogy with matter is so deep in Le Gall 's preconceptions that he assumes the component atoms to be implicit in the word ch ' i of the Chinese text .
although chang tsai 's comparison with water shows clearly that the ch ' i is a continuum and not an [combine] of atoms , the analogy with matter is so deep in le gall 's preconceptions that he assumes the component atoms to be implicit in the word ch ' i of the chinese text .

The directors have considered the value of the remaining fixed assets and are satisfied that they are worth , in total , not less than the aggregate amount at which they are stated in the company 's accounts .
the directors have considered the value of the remaining fixed assets and are satisfied that they are worth , in total , not less than the [combine] amount at which they are stated in the company 's accounts .

The aggregate of called up share capital and all reserves , excluding minority interests .
the [combine] of called up share capital and all reserves , excluding minority interests .

The aggregate of called up share capital and all reserves , excluding minority interests .
the [combine] of called up share capital and all reserves , excluding minority interests .

The amount attributable to non-equity interests is the aggregate of amounts relating to all classes of non-equity shares and warrants for non-equity shares .
the amount attributable to non-equity interests is the [combine] of amounts relating to all classes of non-equity shares and warrants for non-equity shares .

Minority interests in the balance sheet should be analysed on the face of the balance sheet between the aggregate amount attributable to equity interests and amounts attributable to non-equity interests .
minority interests in the balance sheet should be analysed on the face of the balance sheet between the [combine] amount attributable to equity interests and amounts attributable to non-equity interests .

the aggregate dividends relating to each of equity and non-equity shares ; and
the [combine] dividends relating to each of equity and non-equity shares ; and

Manchester United , the Premier League soccer club , has commissioned an independent report on the aggregate value of its first team squad of players .
manchester united , the premier league soccer club , has commissioned an independent report on the [combine] value of its first team squad of players .

However , the directors ' report for the 12 months ended 31 July 1992 reveals that in Touche Ross 's opinion , the aggregate of the individual amounts attributed to the players comprising the first team playing squad ( together with first and second year professional players ) as at the year end , was £24m .
however , the directors ' report for the 12 months ended 31 july 1992 reveals that in touche ross 's opinion , the [combine] of the individual amounts attributed to the players comprising the first team playing squad ( together with first and second year professional players ) as at the year end , was £24m .

Between them they will pick up an aggregate £1.9m to cover early termination of their service agreements .
between them they will pick up an [combine] £1.9m to cover early termination of their service agreements .

Beccaria concludes with a section on prevention , which he sees as being very much preferable to punishment — it increases aggregate utility , the happiness of the greatest number ( or , rather , decreases their aggregate unhappiness ) .
beccaria concludes with a section on prevention , which he sees as being very much preferable to punishment — it increases [combine] utility , the happiness of the greatest number ( or , rather , decreases their [combine] unhappiness ) .

Clearly , what humanity there is in Bentham is very much aggregate humanity ; his willingness to sacrifice individual humanity to achieve it is legendary .
clearly , what humanity there is in bentham is very much [combine] humanity ; his willingness to sacrifice individual humanity to achieve it is legendary .

We have focussed attention in this chapter on the Government 's control of aggregate investment levels , but government influence on the details of investment was , in some areas , no less strong .
we have focussed attention in this chapter on the government 's control of [combine] investment levels , but government influence on the details of investment was , in some areas , no less strong .

Then , in the 1930s , Keynes laid the foundations of macroeconomics , stressing the importance of aggregate demand in determining the level of economic activity .
then , in the 1930s , keynes laid the foundations of macroeconomics , stressing the importance of [combine] demand in determining the level of economic activity .

Current levels of consignment are running below budget with analysts lowering fourth quarter aggregate estimates to $ 460 down from previous estimates of $ 500 million and down on last year 's figure of $ 493 million .
current levels of consignment are running below budget with analysts lowering fourth quarter [combine] estimates to $ 460 down from previous estimates of $ 500 million and down on last year 's figure of $ 493 million .

He explained that there was a difference between a statement such as : ‘ Cats are distinguished from dogs by embodying the spirit of cathood , as opposed to that of doghood ’ , and a statement such as ‘ Cats are distinguished from dogs by a combination of characteristics ( such as the possession of retractable claws , … and the inability to swim … ) which , in the aggregate , describe the genus Felis as opposed to the genus Canis ’ .
he explained that there was a difference between a statement such as : ‘ cats are distinguished from dogs by embodying the spirit of cathood , as opposed to that of doghood ’ , and a statement such as ‘ cats are distinguished from dogs by a combination of characteristics ( such as the possession of retractable claws , … and the inability to swim … ) which , in the [combine] , describe the genus felis as opposed to the genus canis ’ .

An attractive exposed aggregate look can be created by brushing the surface with a stiff household broom about an hour after initial watering and rolling .
an attractive exposed [combine] look can be created by brushing the surface with a stiff household broom about an hour after initial watering and rolling .

Most of the water , all the cement , and half the sand ( or sand plus aggregate ) are mixed ; rest of sand added and mixed ; then water added as necessary , and mixed again .
most of the water , all the cement , and half the sand ( or sand plus [combine] ) are mixed ; rest of sand added and mixed ; then water added as necessary , and mixed again .

Another treatment is to wait until the initial set has taken place , and then , using water and a brush , clean off all the fine material , to expose the larger aggregate .
another treatment is to wait until the initial set has taken place , and then , using water and a brush , clean off all the fine material , to expose the larger [combine] .

Strictly speaking , collective man is no man at all , but an aggregate or abstraction of real flesh-and-blood men and women .
strictly speaking , collective man is no man at all , but an [combine] or abstraction of real flesh-and-blood men and women .

5.3.1 an aggregate sum of ten thousand dollars ( $10,000 ) as an advance on the sums due under clause 5.3.2 below and made up of the following payments :
5.3.1 an [combine] sum of ten thousand dollars ( $10,000 ) as an advance on the sums due under clause 5.3.2 below and made up of the following payments :

5.3.1.1 the sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon execution of this Agreement 5.3.1.2 the further sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon 's acceptance ( the acceptance date ) of the Converted Text of the Work in accordance with clause 2 , and 5.3.1.3 the further sum of three thousand four hundred dollars ( $3,400 ) upon 's first sale of a Licensed Product or on the expiry of 1 year from the Acceptance Date , this aggregate sum of ten thousand dollars ( $10,000 ) to be treated as an advance on the sums due under clause 5.3.2 below ( ‘ the Advance ’ )
5.3.1.1 the sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon execution of this agreement 5.3.1.2 the further sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon 's acceptance ( the acceptance date ) of the converted text of the work in accordance with clause 2 , and 5.3.1.3 the further sum of three thousand four hundred dollars ( $3,400 ) upon 's first sale of a licensed product or on the expiry of 1 year from the acceptance date , this [combine] sum of ten thousand dollars ( $10,000 ) to be treated as an advance on the sums due under clause 5.3.2 below ( ‘ the advance ’ )

It is certified that the transaction effected by this Agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , or the consideration exceeds £30,000 .
it is certified that the transaction effected by this agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the [combine] amount or value , or the consideration exceeds £30,000 .

It is certified that the transaction effected by this Agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , or the consideration exceeds £30,000 .
it is certified that the transaction effected by this agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the [combine] amount or value , or the consideration exceeds £30,000 .

21.1 It is certified that the transaction effected by this Agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , of the consideration exceeds £30,000 .
21.1 it is certified that the transaction effected by this agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the [combine] amount or value , of the consideration exceeds £30,000 .

Implicit in these works is the belief that national developments were unproblematically reflected at the local level , that the national was simply an aggregate of the local : ‘ There is a sense in which the achievements and failings of Labourism at the national level are mirrored at the local level , a sense in which constituency Labour parties are a microcosm of the national Labour Party ’ ( Forester 1976 p 71 ) .
implicit in these works is the belief that national developments were unproblematically reflected at the local level , that the national was simply an [combine] of the local : ‘ there is a sense in which the achievements and failings of labourism at the national level are mirrored at the local level , a sense in which constituency labour parties are a microcosm of the national labour party ’ ( forester 1976 p 71 ) .

He describes 18 walks of former industrial aggregate railways stretching from Stoke on Trent to Burnley .
he describes 18 walks of former industrial [combine] railways stretching from stoke on trent to burnley .

These would normally comprise such materials as cement , sand , aggregate , bricks , blocks , concrete and steel lintels , timber , sheet materials ( plasterboard , plywood , etc . )
these would normally comprise such materials as cement , sand , [combine] , bricks , blocks , concrete and steel lintels , timber , sheet materials ( plasterboard , plywood , etc . )

The Companies Act 1981 also provided that in determining the aggregate amount of any item in a company 's balance sheet or profit and loss account , the amount of each individual asset or liability included in that amount shall be determined separately .
the companies act 1981 also provided that in determining the [combine] amount of any item in a company 's balance sheet or profit and loss account , the amount of each individual asset or liability included in that amount shall be determined separately .

With many materials , for example cement , sand , aggregate , and bricks , the correct cost centre may be difficult to monitor .
with many materials , for example cement , sand , [combine] , and bricks , the correct cost centre may be difficult to monitor .

But this depends in practice , even though not in theory , on the current aggregate value of property transactions ; and the conveyancing monopoly is under attack from non-solicitor conveyancing firms ( who use a solicitor only to draw up the conveyance itself ) .
but this depends in practice , even though not in theory , on the current [combine] value of property transactions ; and the conveyancing monopoly is under attack from non-solicitor conveyancing firms ( who use a solicitor only to draw up the conveyance itself ) .

In this case aggregate theory tells us that economic criteria are of prime importance in this image building .
in this case [combine] theory tells us that economic criteria are of prime importance in this image building .

Second , it must be possible to transfer these theories of group behaviour to generate predictive models , and third to apply this aggregate theory to the behaviour of individuals .
second , it must be possible to transfer these theories of group behaviour to generate predictive models , and third to apply this [combine] theory to the behaviour of individuals .

Social services are a form of both consumption and investment at the individual as well as at the aggregate level .
social services are a form of both consumption and investment at the individual as well as at the [combine] level .

After a more detailed and refined analysis of their results , Brown and Levin concluded as follows : ‘ The evidence clearly suggests , therefore , that the aggregate effect of tax on overtime is small ; it may perhaps add about 1 % to the total hours worked , since , on balance , tax has made people work more rather than less overtime .
after a more detailed and refined analysis of their results , brown and levin concluded as follows : ‘ the evidence clearly suggests , therefore , that the [combine] effect of tax on overtime is small ; it may perhaps add about 1 % to the total hours worked , since , on balance , tax has made people work more rather than less overtime .

While the figures for individual firms fluctuate from year to year ( reflecting to some extent the ownership of the biggest hits in each year ) , the aggregate market share of the five biggest companies has remained remarkably constant over twelve years , at just under two-thirds .
while the figures for individual firms fluctuate from year to year ( reflecting to some extent the ownership of the biggest hits in each year ) , the [combine] market share of the five biggest companies has remained remarkably constant over twelve years , at just under two-thirds .

If we aggregate together everyone in that ‘ dependent ’ age group , i.e .
if we [combine] together everyone in that ‘ dependent ’ age group , i.e .

This means that in aggregate man-hours of paid work still outnumbered woman-hours by about two to one .
this means that in [combine] man-hours of paid work still outnumbered woman-hours by about two to one .

In contrast , this ratio does not seem to have played much of a direct role in explaining rising aggregate labour supply .
in contrast , this ratio does not seem to have played much of a direct role in explaining rising [combine] labour supply .

Such recognition is reflected , for instance , in the enhancement by statute of the rights of employees against dismissal , which from an aggregate wealth viewpoint may be depicted as inhibiting factor mobility and hence on occasion as being wealth reducing .
such recognition is reflected , for instance , in the enhancement by statute of the rights of employees against dismissal , which from an [combine] wealth viewpoint may be depicted as inhibiting factor mobility and hence on occasion as being wealth reducing .

Secondly , because of defects inherent in the operation of markets , the strict maximisation of profits will in any case frequently fail to lead to the maximisation of aggregate wealth .
secondly , because of defects inherent in the operation of markets , the strict maximisation of profits will in any case frequently fail to lead to the maximisation of [combine] wealth .

First , it is necessary to look more closely at the relationship between profit maximisation and aggregate wealth maximisation , and to introduce an additional reservation .
first , it is necessary to look more closely at the relationship between profit maximisation and [combine] wealth maximisation , and to introduce an additional reservation .

That the aggregate wealth of society is as high as it can be is of no moral value in itself ; what counts is the effect of increases in total wealth on the welfare of the individuals who make up society .
that the [combine] wealth of society is as high as it can be is of no moral value in itself ; what counts is the effect of increases in total wealth on the welfare of the individuals who make up society .

In aggregate , it will certainly be a greater cause of loss than the various forms of self-dealing , discussed in Chapter 7 , which have generated a substantial body of case law and are subject to detailed statutory regulation .
in [combine] , it will certainly be a greater cause of loss than the various forms of self-dealing , discussed in chapter 7 , which have generated a substantial body of case law and are subject to detailed statutory regulation .

Market sanctions , in contrast , depend on the net outcome of an aggregate of performances .
market sanctions , in contrast , depend on the net outcome of an [combine] of performances .

There has been a progressive unification of the theory of the behaviour of individual consumers and firms ( microeconomics ) on the one hand and theory of the behaviour of the aggregate economy ( macroeconomics ) on the other .
there has been a progressive unification of the theory of the behaviour of individual consumers and firms ( microeconomics ) on the one hand and theory of the behaviour of the [combine] economy ( macroeconomics ) on the other .

1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage — even promote — action , though ( auditors ’ ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . The Commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :
1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage — even promote — action , though ( auditors ’ ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . the commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against [combine] spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :

In part this is because the 26 variables aggregate several different dimensions of discrimination against women ; a factor analysis identified ten significant factors , which ‘ vividly demonstrates a lack of consistency among the states in support of women 's legal rights ’ ( p. 192 ) .
in part this is because the 26 variables [combine] several different dimensions of discrimination against women ; a factor analysis identified ten significant factors , which ‘ vividly demonstrates a lack of consistency among the states in support of women 's legal rights ’ ( p. 192 ) .

Compliance systems appear to be concerned with victims in some aggregate rather than in a discrete or specific sense while penalty systems must deal with victims in the concrete since they constitute an element in their system of proof .
compliance systems appear to be concerned with victims in some [combine] rather than in a discrete or specific sense while penalty systems must deal with victims in the concrete since they constitute an element in their system of proof .

It is in the aggregate that the damage may assume serious proportions , hence the emphasis given to preventive work in compliance systems .
it is in the [combine] that the damage may assume serious proportions , hence the emphasis given to preventive work in compliance systems .

However , a person is not treated as a seasonal worker if his off-season , or off-seasons in aggregate , do not exceed seven weeks .
however , a person is not treated as a seasonal worker if his off-season , or off-seasons in [combine] , do not exceed seven weeks .

In the investing group 's consolidated profit and loss account , include the investing group 's aggregate share of profits less losses of associated companies .
in the investing group 's consolidated profit and loss account , include the investing group 's [combine] share of profits less losses of associated companies .

The following should be separately disclosed for the investing group , showing the aggregate share of : profit before tax , tax charge , extraordinary items if material to the group 's results , net profit retained ( shown in the notes to the accounts ) .
the following should be separately disclosed for the investing group , showing the [combine] share of : profit before tax , tax charge , extraordinary items if material to the group 's results , net profit retained ( shown in the notes to the accounts ) .

Show as separate items on the face of the profit and loss account : profit or loss on ordinary activities before tax , transfers to or from reserves , aggregate net dividends paid and proposed .
show as separate items on the face of the profit and loss account : profit or loss on ordinary activities before tax , transfers to or from reserves , [combine] net dividends paid and proposed .

aggregate wages and salaries
[combine] wages and salaries

Disclose the aggregate finance charges for the period in respect of finance leases .
disclose the [combine] finance charges for the period in respect of finance leases .

The first item should be shown separately , but the other two may be disclosed in aggregate .
the first item should be shown separately , but the other two may be disclosed in [combine] .

For listed investments , state the aggregate market value if different from the balance sheet value .
for listed investments , state the [combine] market value if different from the balance sheet value .

aggregate capital and reserves of the undertaking as at the end of its relevant financial year , and
[combine] capital and reserves of the undertaking as at the end of its relevant financial year , and

For listed investments , disclose aggregate market value if different from accounts value .
for listed investments , disclose [combine] market value if different from accounts value .

Disclose the amount of provision for aggregate recommended dividend .
disclose the amount of provision for [combine] recommended dividend .

the number and aggregate nominal value of each class of share issued and the consideration received by the company for the allotment .
the number and [combine] nominal value of each class of share issued and the consideration received by the company for the allotment .

The investing group 's share of aggregate net profits less losses retained by associated companies should be disclosed separately in the financial statements of the investing group .
the investing group 's share of [combine] net profits less losses retained by associated companies should be disclosed separately in the financial statements of the investing group .

Disclosure of transactions with an individual related party may be made on an aggregate basis unless disclosure of an individual transaction is necessary for proper understanding .
disclosure of transactions with an individual related party may be made on an [combine] basis unless disclosure of an individual transaction is necessary for proper understanding .

aggregate net dividends paid and proposed .
[combine] net dividends paid and proposed .

aggregate wages and salaries
[combine] wages and salaries

State the amount of provision for aggregate recommended dividend .
state the amount of provision for [combine] recommended dividend .

aggregate creditors due after five years and secured creditors
[combine] creditors due after five years and secured creditors

Although at some times of the year , individuals within the dogwhelk enclave may be scattered over the shore , at others they aggregate in large clusters .
although at some times of the year , individuals within the dogwhelk enclave may be scattered over the shore , at others they [combine] in large clusters .

Suspended sentence — activation — whether activation of a suspended sentence is subject to restrictions on the maximum aggregate term of imprisonment which may be imposed in particular circumstances
suspended sentence — activation — whether activation of a suspended sentence is subject to restrictions on the maximum [combine] term of imprisonment which may be imposed in particular circumstances

As this case illustrates , it is a common mistake for the Crown Court to overlook the limitations on the permissible aggregate sentence in the magistrates ' court , set out in Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.133 .
as this case illustrates , it is a common mistake for the crown court to overlook the limitations on the permissible [combine] sentence in the magistrates ' court , set out in magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.133 .

Community service orders — consecutive orders — consecutive orders exceeding 240 hours in aggregate
community service orders — consecutive orders — consecutive orders exceeding 240 hours in [combine]

the tendency to treat heterogeneous markets as parts of an aggregate ; thus , an example of relatively high dissemination in one sector may be lost among the larger figures of the whole ;
the tendency to treat heterogeneous markets as parts of an [combine] ; thus , an example of relatively high dissemination in one sector may be lost among the larger figures of the whole ;

These effects would be real enough , but it would be naive to suppose that cheap loans and the raising of aggregate demand would render all socially desirable investment projects in the sphere of commodity production sufficiently profitable to make capitalist enterprises come clamouring for public funds .
these effects would be real enough , but it would be naive to suppose that cheap loans and the raising of [combine] demand would render all socially desirable investment projects in the sphere of commodity production sufficiently profitable to make capitalist enterprises come clamouring for public funds .

And in this case it seems likely that even if it were not for the depressed state of aggregate demand in the British market , the commodities produced by Talbot at Linwood would not have generated ‘ sufficient ’ profit for Peugeot .
and in this case it seems likely that even if it were not for the depressed state of [combine] demand in the british market , the commodities produced by talbot at linwood would not have generated ‘ sufficient ’ profit for peugeot .

We have to identify the factors other than usurious interest rates and deficiency of aggregate demand which can make investment projects unattractive to enterprises .
we have to identify the factors other than usurious interest rates and deficiency of [combine] demand which can make investment projects unattractive to enterprises .

Further , at the ‘ macroeconomic ’ level , the fiscal and monetary management of aggregate demand gradually displaced physical planning as the favoured mechanism for control over the economy ( this shift is charted quite precisely by Budd , 1978 ) .
further , at the ‘ macroeconomic ’ level , the fiscal and monetary management of [combine] demand gradually displaced physical planning as the favoured mechanism for control over the economy ( this shift is charted quite precisely by budd , 1978 ) .

Secondly , it is not possible to distinguish in the aggregate figures either those married women who are not entitled to pensions until their husbands reach the age of 65 or those aged 60–4 whose husbands do not appear in the statistics .
secondly , it is not possible to distinguish in the [combine] figures either those married women who are not entitled to pensions until their husbands reach the age of 65 or those aged 60–4 whose husbands do not appear in the statistics .

This includes the demonstration that insulin action appears to aggregate in families and that its distribution is compatible with a single gene codominant mode of inheritance .
this includes the demonstration that insulin action appears to [combine] in families and that its distribution is compatible with a single gene codominant mode of inheritance .

It is not an `` aggregate `` of certain objects and attributes .
it is not an `` [combine] `` of certain objects and attributes .

Secondly , as the weights are derived from analysis of individuals there is a serious problem of applying them at the level of wards or districts where the information is readily available only in aggregate .
secondly , as the weights are derived from analysis of individuals there is a serious problem of applying them at the level of wards or districts where the information is readily available only in [combine] .

How far can a style be identified with an aggregate of statistical features ?
how far can a style be identified with an [combine] of statistical features ?

As to Crescent Wharves Ltd. and Ship Link Terminals Ltd. , it was pointed out that most of the heavy goods vehicles are not theirs but belong to their customers or carriers and that in any event it would be wrong to aggregate their respective contributions in the circumstances of this case .
as to crescent wharves ltd. and ship link terminals ltd. , it was pointed out that most of the heavy goods vehicles are not theirs but belong to their customers or carriers and that in any event it would be wrong to [combine] their respective contributions in the circumstances of this case .

One particular family in Cotherstone must be able to claim the longest aggregate of service to the Fields , amounting to some hundreds of years .
one particular family in cotherstone must be able to claim the longest [combine] of service to the fields , amounting to some hundreds of years .

Quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in aggregate help to determine it .
quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in [combine] help to determine it .

If the winter is warm in Mexico they live as free individuals as in the summer , but when it turns cold they aggregate in dense groups , and remain still , in order to conserve energy .
if the winter is warm in mexico they live as free individuals as in the summer , but when it turns cold they [combine] in dense groups , and remain still , in order to conserve energy .

Figure 8.8 Sage grouse mate on leks , in which males aggregate and defend territories from each other and are visited by females .
figure 8.8 sage grouse mate on leks , in which males [combine] and defend territories from each other and are visited by females .

There is also ‘ the problem of how to aggregate different judgements of performance ’ which presents ‘ formidable difficulties of principle and practice ’ .
there is also ‘ the problem of how to [combine] different judgements of performance ’ which presents ‘ formidable difficulties of principle and practice ’ .

The dangers of generalizing about ‘ apathy ’ on the basis of aggregate data can be further highlighted by variation in turnout between different wards in the same authority .
the dangers of generalizing about ‘ apathy ’ on the basis of [combine] data can be further highlighted by variation in turnout between different wards in the same authority .

These interventions , associated with the Keynesian revolution in economic thinking which called for the state to become involved in maintaining the level of aggregate demand in the economy through the use of budgetry policies , have been seen not as a triumph of democratic struggle but as a further example of the use of the state as an instrument of the interests of the ruling class .
these interventions , associated with the keynesian revolution in economic thinking which called for the state to become involved in maintaining the level of [combine] demand in the economy through the use of budgetry policies , have been seen not as a triumph of democratic struggle but as a further example of the use of the state as an instrument of the interests of the ruling class .

Therefore one would have to say either that the power elite is a mere statistical phenomenon , a category , an aggregate of disparate individuals who happen to share some socially relevant resources , or that it is united by its objective interest .
therefore one would have to say either that the power elite is a mere statistical phenomenon , a category , an [combine] of disparate individuals who happen to share some socially relevant resources , or that it is united by its objective interest .

Aggregate demand comprised two basic elements , investment and consumption .
[combine] demand comprised two basic elements , investment and consumption .

Since local authorities have no power to finance revenue spending by borrowing but must cover their expenditure from taxes , their revenue spending — on salaries , equipment and so on — would appear to produce little effect on aggregate demand in the economy .
since local authorities have no power to finance revenue spending by borrowing but must cover their expenditure from taxes , their revenue spending — on salaries , equipment and so on — would appear to produce little effect on [combine] demand in the economy .

Although much of this increase would seem to have been voluntary , as debt became more attractive relative to equity , the fall in aggregate demand left companies in an exposed position .
although much of this increase would seem to have been voluntary , as debt became more attractive relative to equity , the fall in [combine] demand left companies in an exposed position .

The proceeded not by touring the Alps measuring skiers ' pulse rated , but instead made two simple mathematical calculations : the size of the resorts ( in beds , or perhaps pillows ) divided by the capacity of the lift system , to measure queues ; and the cost of a lift pass divided by the aggregate piste length , to produce a pfennigs — per kilometre gauge of value for money .
the proceeded not by touring the alps measuring skiers ' pulse rated , but instead made two simple mathematical calculations : the size of the resorts ( in beds , or perhaps pillows ) divided by the capacity of the lift system , to measure queues ; and the cost of a lift pass divided by the [combine] piste length , to produce a pfennigs — per kilometre gauge of value for money .

As shown in Table 4.6 , the growth rate for the 228 Cores , in aggregate , declined from 4.0 per cent in 1951–61 to 0.7 per cent in the following decade and slumped further to -4.2 per cent in the 1970s .
as shown in table 4.6 , the growth rate for the 228 cores , in [combine] , declined from 4.0 per cent in 1951–61 to 0.7 per cent in the following decade and slumped further to -4.2 per cent in the 1970s .

London has seen the disappearance of more than three quarters of a million manufacturing jobs in 20 years : an aggregate figure masking stagnation and decline in an inner south-east zone , and growth in the west , in part related to Heathrow Airport , as a ‘ high-tech ’ crescent ( Hall et al .
london has seen the disappearance of more than three quarters of a million manufacturing jobs in 20 years : an [combine] figure masking stagnation and decline in an inner south-east zone , and growth in the west , in part related to heathrow airport , as a ‘ high-tech ’ crescent ( hall et al .

Uniformity is established when certain atmospheric , terrestrial , and any other factors discussed [ above ] are co-operating , and appears either because a certain , defined economy makes its impress on the community as a whole , or because a number of different growth-forms are combined to form a single aggregate which has a definite and constant guise .
uniformity is established when certain atmospheric , terrestrial , and any other factors discussed [ above ] are co-operating , and appears either because a certain , defined economy makes its impress on the community as a whole , or because a number of different growth-forms are combined to form a single [combine] which has a definite and constant guise .

What it provides is that a company proposing to allot equity securities shall not allot them to any person unless it has first offered , on the same or more favourable terms , to each person who holds relevant shares or relevant employee shares , a proportion of those equity securities which is as nearly as practicable equal to his existing proportion in nominal value of his aggregate holdings of relevant shares and relevant employee shares .
what it provides is that a company proposing to allot equity securities shall not allot them to any person unless it has first offered , on the same or more favourable terms , to each person who holds relevant shares or relevant employee shares , a proportion of those equity securities which is as nearly as practicable equal to his existing proportion in nominal value of his [combine] holdings of relevant shares and relevant employee shares .

If a public company wishes to raise £1m , it could seek to do so by an issue of a series of , say £1 , £10 , £100 , or £1000 debentures , each representing a separate debt totalling in aggregate £1m .
if a public company wishes to raise £1m , it could seek to do so by an issue of a series of , say £1 , £10 , £100 , or £1000 debentures , each representing a separate debt totalling in [combine] £1m .

There are several areas in which the continued health of the Course depends upon a collaborative response which must necessarily be more than the aggregate of views of individual fields and departments .
there are several areas in which the continued health of the course depends upon a collaborative response which must necessarily be more than the [combine] of views of individual fields and departments .

From the perspective of service users and carers , the care programme approach , and in particular its assessment of needs at an aggregate level , can be seen as a means towards participation in mental health services ( Hogman , 1992 ) .
from the perspective of service users and carers , the care programme approach , and in particular its assessment of needs at an [combine] level , can be seen as a means towards participation in mental health services ( hogman , 1992 ) .

Holborn picked up the 1992 Best Overall Branch prize , Threadneedle Street were presented with a plaque for being top Branch in the Customer Satisfaction Index for 1992–93 , and Pall Mall received the Cost/Income Award for 1991–92/ The top student award went to Julian Gouge who , in 1992 , achieved the highest aggregate marks among all Royal Bank candidates in the Associateship examinations .
holborn picked up the 1992 best overall branch prize , threadneedle street were presented with a plaque for being top branch in the customer satisfaction index for 1992–93 , and pall mall received the cost/income award for 1991–92/ the top student award went to julian gouge who , in 1992 , achieved the highest [combine] marks among all royal bank candidates in the associateship examinations .

The benefits associated with the action areas will be evaluated and reported individually and in aggregate .
the benefits associated with the action areas will be evaluated and reported individually and in [combine] .

The directors are presently authorised to allot shares up to a maximum nominal amount of £114,668,095 and to allot equity securities for cash in connection with a rights issue and up to an aggregate nominal amount of £9,350,000 , without applying statutory pre-emption rights .
the directors are presently authorised to allot shares up to a maximum nominal amount of £114,668,095 and to allot equity securities for cash in connection with a rights issue and up to an [combine] nominal amount of £9,350,000 , without applying statutory pre-emption rights .

Item 9 on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting is a special resolution renewing the Board 's authority to allot equity securities for cash in connection with a rights issue and up to an aggregate nominal value of £9,350,000 , such authority to expire fifteen months from the date of the passing of the resolution or on the date of the Annual General Meeting in 1994 , if earlier .
item 9 on the agenda of the annual general meeting is a special resolution renewing the board 's authority to allot equity securities for cash in connection with a rights issue and up to an [combine] nominal value of £9,350,000 , such authority to expire fifteen months from the date of the passing of the resolution or on the date of the annual general meeting in 1994 , if earlier .

The Company is empowered under its articles of Association to borrow up to twice the aggregate amount of the share capital and reserves of the Company and its subsidiaries as indicated by the latest audited accounts , subject to certain adjustments .
the company is empowered under its articles of association to borrow up to twice the [combine] amount of the share capital and reserves of the company and its subsidiaries as indicated by the latest audited accounts , subject to certain adjustments .

to the allotment [ otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph [ a ] above ] of equity securities up to an aggregate nominal amount of £9,350,000 ;
to the allotment [ otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph [ a ] above ] of equity securities up to an [combine] nominal amount of £9,350,000 ;

gain a weighted aggregate of 50% overall
gain a weighted [combine] of 50% overall

a weighted aggregate of 50%
a weighted [combine] of 50%

gain a weighted aggregate of 50% for the area of study overall .
gain a weighted [combine] of 50% for the area of study overall .

This has been recognised by the Panel and for many of the purposes of the Code and SARs , `` control `` is deemed to be the holding of an aggregate of 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company .
this has been recognised by the panel and for many of the purposes of the code and sars , `` control `` is deemed to be the holding of an [combine] of 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company .

( f ) when a purchaser is being sought for a holding , or aggregate holdings , of shares carrying 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company or when the board of a company is seeking potential offerors , and : ( i ) the company is the subject of rumour and speculation , or ( ii ) there is an untoward movement in its share price , or ( iii ) the number of potential purchasers or offerors approached is about to be increased to include more than a very restricted number of people .
( f ) when a purchaser is being sought for a holding , or [combine] holdings , of shares carrying 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company or when the board of a company is seeking potential offerors , and : ( i ) the company is the subject of rumour and speculation , or ( ii ) there is an untoward movement in its share price , or ( iii ) the number of potential purchasers or offerors approached is about to be increased to include more than a very restricted number of people .

( 4 ) The aggregate of each of the following in , or relating to , the customer 's account at the close of business on the last business day of that month : ( a ) cash ; ( b ) collateral value ; ( c ) unrealised profits attributable to open positions ; ( d ) unrealised losses attributable to open positions ; and ( e ) any management fees .
( 4 ) the [combine] of each of the following in , or relating to , the customer 's account at the close of business on the last business day of that month : ( a ) cash ; ( b ) collateral value ; ( c ) unrealised profits attributable to open positions ; ( d ) unrealised losses attributable to open positions ; and ( e ) any management fees .

It should also be noted that in determining the amount of income available up to the end of any year one looks at the aggregate amount of the income arising under the settlement in that year and in any previous year which has not been distributed and one deducts an amount equal to tax at the rate applicable to trusts on the aggregate amount of income , arising under the settlement in the year of payment and any previous year , which has not been distributed .
it should also be noted that in determining the amount of income available up to the end of any year one looks at the [combine] amount of the income arising under the settlement in that year and in any previous year which has not been distributed and one deducts an amount equal to tax at the rate applicable to trusts on the [combine] amount of income , arising under the settlement in the year of payment and any previous year , which has not been distributed .

About six weeks after infection , chronic bronchitis and emphysema are established and small greyish nodules may be found in the posterior part of the diaphragmatic lobes ; these may aggregate to form larger areas and are slow to resolve .
about six weeks after infection , chronic bronchitis and emphysema are established and small greyish nodules may be found in the posterior part of the diaphragmatic lobes ; these may [combine] to form larger areas and are slow to resolve .

Yet this ‘ floating value ’ might never have settled on their land , and obviously the aggregate of the values claimed by the individual owners is likely to be greatly in excess of a total valuation of all pieces of land .
yet this ‘ floating value ’ might never have settled on their land , and obviously the [combine] of the values claimed by the individual owners is likely to be greatly in excess of a total valuation of all pieces of land .

It was Leeds 1 — Sunderland 2 ( 2–4 on aggregate ) .
it was leeds 1 — sunderland 2 ( 2–4 on [combine] ) .

Noone seems to want to say it , but we lost 2–1 again , which is 4–2 on aggregate to the filthy makems of Sunderland .
noone seems to want to say it , but we lost 2–1 again , which is 4–2 on [combine] to the filthy makems of sunderland .

The amount of money in the economy can have a major effect on aggregate demand .
the amount of money in the economy can have a major effect on [combine] demand .

Changes in aggregate demand will affect any or all of the four macroeconomic problems : the rate of growth of output , the rate of inflation , the level of unemployment and the balance of payments .
changes in [combine] demand will affect any or all of the four macroeconomic problems : the rate of growth of output , the rate of inflation , the level of unemployment and the balance of payments .

Monetarists argue that changes in money supply have a large effect on aggregate demand .
monetarists argue that changes in money supply have a large effect on [combine] demand .

Keynesians argue that changes in money supply have a rather uncertain effect on aggregate demand .
keynesians argue that changes in money supply have a rather uncertain effect on [combine] demand .

Any changes in aggregate demand that do occur , however , will affect output and employment as well as inflation and the balance of payments , depending on the amount of slack in the economy .
any changes in [combine] demand that do occur , however , will affect output and employment as well as inflation and the balance of payments , depending on the amount of slack in the economy .

Because of the rather uncertain link between money supply and aggregate demand , Keynesians argue that the government should try to influence aggregate demand directly through fiscal policy .
because of the rather uncertain link between money supply and [combine] demand , keynesians argue that the government should try to influence [combine] demand directly through fiscal policy .

Money supply and aggregate demand
money supply and [combine] demand

If money supply changes , what is the mechanism by which it will affect aggregate demand ?
if money supply changes , what is the mechanism by which it will affect [combine] demand ?

As such , if the government 's monetary policy involves expanding the supply of money , aggregate demand will rise directly .
as such , if the government 's monetary policy involves expanding the supply of money , [combine] demand will rise directly .

There is thus a direct transmission mechanism from an increase in money supply to an increase in aggregate demand .
there is thus a direct transmission mechanism from an increase in money supply to an increase in [combine] demand .

Why will aggregate demand fall if the supply of money falls ?
why will [combine] demand fall if the supply of money falls ?

This intermediate variable then affects aggregate demand .
this intermediate variable then affects [combine] demand .

The question is , will interest rates be strongly or only slightly affected by changes in money supply , and will aggregate demand be strongly or only slightly affected by changes in interest rates ?
the question is , will interest rates be strongly or only slightly affected by changes in money supply , and will [combine] demand be strongly or only slightly affected by changes in interest rates ?

In recent years many economists have argued that there is another important indirect mechanism through which changes in money supply affect aggregate demand .
in recent years many economists have argued that there is another important indirect mechanism through which changes in money supply affect [combine] demand .

The effect of more exports and less imports is to increase aggregate demand :
the effect of more exports and less imports is to increase [combine] demand :

How changes in money supply affect aggregate demand is a highly controversial issue .
how changes in money supply affect [combine] demand is a highly controversial issue .

The reason is that the increase in money supply will raise aggregate demand .
the reason is that the increase in money supply will raise [combine] demand .

The lower the marginal propensity to withdraw ( mpw ) , and hence the flatter the withdrawals function : this will cause a bigger multiplied change in national income and aggregate demand .
the lower the marginal propensity to withdraw ( mpw ) , and hence the flatter the withdrawals function : this will cause a bigger multiplied change in national income and [combine] demand .

The change in aggregate demand will have a bigger effect on output and employment , the more elastic is the aggregate supply curve .
the change in [combine] demand will have a bigger effect on output and employment , the more elastic is the [combine] supply curve .

The effect of all three is to cause the exchange rate to depreciate . This will have two effects on aggregate demand :
the effect of all three is to cause the exchange rate to depreciate . this will have two effects on [combine] demand :

Either way , a rise in exports , being an injection into the circular flow of income , will raise aggregate demand and hence lead to a multiplied rise in income .
either way , a rise in exports , being an injection into the circular flow of income , will raise [combine] demand and hence lead to a multiplied rise in income .

In the extreme case where the aggregate supply curve is vertical , the increased money supply will simply lead to higher prices .
in the extreme case where the [combine] supply curve is vertical , the increased money supply will simply lead to higher prices .

Keynesians argue that effects ( a ) and ( b ) are weak and unreliable , making monetary policy an unreliable weapon for controlling aggregate demand .
keynesians argue that effects ( a ) and ( b ) are weak and unreliable , making monetary policy an unreliable weapon for controlling [combine] demand .

Monetarists argue that they are much stronger and more predictable , but that any change in aggregate demand will ( in the long run ) simply affect prices and not output and employment .
monetarists argue that they are much stronger and more predictable , but that any change in [combine] demand will ( in the long run ) simply affect prices and not output and employment .

For most of this period , this simply meant allowing money supply to expand to accommodate increases in aggregate demand associated with expansionary fiscal policy ( otherwise the shortage of money would have driven up interest rates ) .
for most of this period , this simply meant allowing money supply to expand to accommodate increases in [combine] demand associated with expansionary fiscal policy ( otherwise the shortage of money would have driven up interest rates ) .

Keynesians see the prime role of macroeconomic policy as stabilizing aggregate demand at or near ‘ full employment ’ income .
keynesians see the prime role of macroeconomic policy as stabilizing [combine] demand at or near ‘ full employment ’ income .

The link between money supply and aggregate demand is weak and unpredictable .
the link between money supply and [combine] demand is weak and unpredictable .

Thus if it is aggregate demand that requires controlling , monetary policy is a poor weapon to do this .
thus if it is [combine] demand that requires controlling , monetary policy is a poor weapon to do this .

If monetary policy is to be used to control aggregate demand , it will be through interest rate changes .
if monetary policy is to be used to control [combine] demand , it will be through interest rate changes .

Keynesians argue that monetary policy is an unreliable means of controlling aggregate demand .
keynesians argue that monetary policy is an unreliable means of controlling [combine] demand .

Assume , for example , that the government wishes to operate a tighter monetary policy in order to reduce aggregate demand .
assume , for example , that the government wishes to operate a tighter monetary policy in order to reduce [combine] demand .

In the short term , the government can use monetary policy to restrict the growth in aggregate demand in one of three ways : ( a ) reducing money supply directly , ( b ) reducing the demand for money by raising interest rates , or ( c ) rationing credit .
in the short term , the government can use monetary policy to restrict the growth in [combine] demand in one of three ways : ( a ) reducing money supply directly , ( b ) reducing the demand for money by raising interest rates , or ( c ) rationing credit .

It thus tackles head on the problem of excess or deficient aggregate demand .
it thus tackles head on the problem of excess or deficient [combine] demand .

It is impossible to use monetary policy as a precise means of controlling aggregate demand .
it is impossible to use monetary policy as a precise means of controlling [combine] demand .

Nevertheless , if the authorities operate a tight monetary policy firmly enough and long enough , they should eventually be able to reduce lending and aggregate demand .
nevertheless , if the authorities operate a tight monetary policy firmly enough and long enough , they should eventually be able to reduce lending and [combine] demand .

Credit rationing provides a means of directly reducing aggregate demand without having to raise interest rates .
credit rationing provides a means of directly reducing [combine] demand without having to raise interest rates .

Controlling aggregate demand through controlling interest rates is made even more difficult as a result of fluctuations in the demand for money .
controlling [combine] demand through controlling interest rates is made even more difficult as a result of fluctuations in the demand for money .

One part of the debate focuses on aggregate demand .
one part of the debate focuses on [combine] demand .

What are the determinants of aggregate demand ?
what are the determinants of [combine] demand ?

What is the relationship between money supply and aggregate demand ?
what is the relationship between money supply and [combine] demand ?

How does aggregate demand respond to changes in interest rates ?
how does [combine] demand respond to changes in interest rates ?

How effectively can the government control aggregate demand through either fiscal or monetary policy ?
how effectively can the government control [combine] demand through either fiscal or monetary policy ?

The other part of the debate focuses on aggregate supply . What is the shape of the aggregate supply curve ? How responsive is it to changes in aggregate demand ? What are the determinants of aggregate supply ? Can the government influence aggregate supply , and how ?
the other part of the debate focuses on [combine] supply . what is the shape of the [combine] supply curve ? how responsive is it to changes in [combine] demand ? what are the determinants of [combine] supply ? can the government influence [combine] supply , and how ?

We will consider aggregate supply and supply-side policies in Chapters 19 and 20 .
we will consider [combine] supply and supply-side policies in chapters 19 and 20 .

This chapter looks at the debate over aggregate demand .
this chapter looks at the debate over [combine] demand .

18.1 Monetary policy and aggregate demand
18.1 monetary policy and [combine] demand

Monetarists therefore claim that monetary policy is an extremely powerful weapon for controlling aggregate demand .
monetarists therefore claim that monetary policy is an extremely powerful weapon for controlling [combine] demand .

Keynesians therefore claim that monetary policy is an extremely unreliable weapon for controlling aggregate demand .
keynesians therefore claim that monetary policy is an extremely unreliable weapon for controlling [combine] demand .

Keynesians argue that aggregate supply is relatively elastic except when full employment is approached ( see Figure 18.1 ( b ) ) .
keynesians argue that [combine] supply is relatively elastic except when full employment is approached ( see figure 18.1 ( b ) ) .

If monetary policy is successful in reducing aggregate demand , it can lead to a lasting recession .
if monetary policy is successful in reducing [combine] demand , it can lead to a lasting recession .

Monetary policy 's effect on aggregate demand : the traditional Keynesian transmission mechanism
monetary policy 's effect on [combine] demand : the traditional keynesian transmission mechanism

Keynesians stress that transmission mechanisms are indirect : changes in money supply affect aggregate demand indirectly via changes in interest rates or exchange rates .
keynesians stress that transmission mechanisms are indirect : changes in money supply affect [combine] demand indirectly via changes in interest rates or exchange rates .

Recall Figure 16.10 : it is reproduced as Figure 18.2 . Changes in money supply affect aggregate demand in three stages :
recall figure 16.10 : it is reproduced as figure 18.2 . changes in money supply affect [combine] demand in three stages :

Even if fixed investment in plant and machinery is not very interest sensitive , there are other components of aggregate demand that may well be : for example , investment in stocks , consumer demand financed through credit cards , bank loans or hire purchase , and the demand for houses financed through mortgages .
even if fixed investment in plant and machinery is not very interest sensitive , there are other components of [combine] demand that may well be : for example , investment in stocks , consumer demand financed through credit cards , bank loans or hire purchase , and the demand for houses financed through mortgages .

But this time it includes the exchange rate as an intermediate variable between changes in the money supply and changes in aggregate demand .
but this time it includes the exchange rate as an intermediate variable between changes in the money supply and changes in [combine] demand .

Monetary policy 's effect on aggregate demand : the monetarist transmission mechanism
monetary policy 's effect on [combine] demand : the monetarist transmission mechanism

Much of this spending will go on goods and services , thereby directly increasing aggregate demand :
much of this spending will go on goods and services , thereby directly increasing [combine] demand :

But in these circumstances , claim Keynesians , it is fiscal policy that is causing the resulting increase in aggregate demand through its effect on people 's real incomes .
but in these circumstances , claim keynesians , it is fiscal policy that is causing the resulting increase in [combine] demand through its effect on people 's real incomes .

Any fall in interest rates will have such a strong effect on international capital flows and the exchange rate that the rise in money supply will be relatively quickly and fully transmitted through to aggregate demand .
any fall in interest rates will have such a strong effect on international capital flows and the exchange rate that the rise in money supply will be relatively quickly and fully transmitted through to [combine] demand .

Money supply is exogenous ( independently determined ) if it can be fixed by the authorities and if it does not vary with aggregate demand and interest rates .
money supply is exogenous ( independently determined ) if it can be fixed by the authorities and if it does not vary with [combine] demand and interest rates .

Aggregate demand and money wages : the neo-classical synthesis
[combine] demand and money wages : the neo-classical synthesis

In Chapter 19 of the General Theory , the chapter entitled ‘ Changes in money-wages ’ , Keynes confronted head on the question of the relationship between aggregate demand and the levels of money wages and prices .
in chapter 19 of the general theory , the chapter entitled ‘ changes in money-wages ’ , keynes confronted head on the question of the relationship between [combine] demand and the levels of money wages and prices .

He listed several possible links between the various components of aggregate expenditure on the one hand , and the levels of prices and money wages on the other .
he listed several possible links between the various components of [combine] expenditure on the one hand , and the levels of prices and money wages on the other .

To the extent that aggregate expenditure — and in particular private investment expenditure — is stimulated by lower interest rates , real income will rise in consequence .
to the extent that [combine] expenditure — and in particular private investment expenditure — is stimulated by lower interest rates , real income will rise in consequence .

For a start the required reduction in the price level may have to be very large indeed before it has a significant impact on aggregate spending .
for a start the required reduction in the price level may have to be very large indeed before it has a significant impact on [combine] spending .

However , in this latter nexus , the relation between the real wage rate and the level of aggregate demand — a relation which was accorded great prominence in the General Theory — was to become obscured almost to the point of invisibility .
however , in this latter nexus , the relation between the real wage rate and the level of [combine] demand — a relation which was accorded great prominence in the general theory — was to become obscured almost to the point of invisibility .

Aggregate demand and the real wage rate
[combine] demand and the real wage rate

Suppose there is a rise in aggregate demand brought about by an expansionary fiscal policy .
suppose there is a rise in [combine] demand brought about by an expansionary fiscal policy .

Men are in voluntarily unemployed if , in the event of a small rise in the price of wage-goods relatively to the money-wage , both the aggregate supply of labour willing to work for the current money-wage and the aggregate demand for it at that wage would be greater than the existing volume of employment .
men are in voluntarily unemployed if , in the event of a small rise in the price of wage-goods relatively to the money-wage , both the [combine] supply of labour willing to work for the current money-wage and the [combine] demand for it at that wage would be greater than the existing volume of employment .

In Keynes 's hypothetical experiment the reduction in the real wage rate is brought about through a rise in the price level , which , in turn , is brought about through an increase in aggregate demand , though this is not made explicit in the definition ( see Figure 5.4 ) .
in keynes 's hypothetical experiment the reduction in the real wage rate is brought about through a rise in the price level , which , in turn , is brought about through an increase in [combine] demand , though this is not made explicit in the definition ( see figure 5.4 ) .

However , Patinkin pointed out that , during a Keynesian recession , underutilized capacity is typically observed side by side with unemployed labour : capacity utilization will fall and unemployment will rise as aggregate demand falls .
however , patinkin pointed out that , during a keynesian recession , underutilized capacity is typically observed side by side with unemployed labour : capacity utilization will fall and unemployment will rise as [combine] demand falls .

But what happens to the real wage rate following a fall in aggregate demand ?
but what happens to the real wage rate following a fall in [combine] demand ?

It is often claimed that one of the most conspicuous shortcomings of Keynesian macroeconomics lies in its lack of a coherent theory of aggregate supply .
it is often claimed that one of the most conspicuous shortcomings of keynesian macroeconomics lies in its lack of a coherent theory of [combine] supply .

Changes in aggregate demand would evoke quantity changes and not price changes .
changes in [combine] demand would evoke quantity changes and not price changes .

The passive reaction of aggregate supply to changes in aggregate demand was usually formalized in the ‘ reverse-L ’ supply function derived from a similar labour supply function in Figure 5.6 .
the passive reaction of [combine] supply to changes in [combine] demand was usually formalized in the ‘ reverse-l ’ supply function derived from a similar labour supply function in figure 5.6 .

According to the labour supply function , changes in the employment of labour which flow from prior changes in aggregate demand will not call forth changes in money wages when the initial state is one of less than full employment .
according to the labour supply function , changes in the employment of labour which flow from prior changes in [combine] demand will not call forth changes in money wages when the initial state is one of less than full employment .

The behaviour of relative prices , and in particular the reaction of the real wage rate to excess supply in the labour market , gains no mention at all since the principal focus of attention is the response ( or more accurately the lack of response ) of absolute prices to changes in the level of aggregate demand .
the behaviour of relative prices , and in particular the reaction of the real wage rate to excess supply in the labour market , gains no mention at all since the principal focus of attention is the response ( or more accurately the lack of response ) of absolute prices to changes in the level of [combine] demand .

The mechanism through which the real wage rate adjusts to variations in aggregate demand in Keynes 's labour market analysis is ignored altogether .
the mechanism through which the real wage rate adjusts to variations in [combine] demand in keynes 's labour market analysis is ignored altogether .

No precise functional relationship was posited between the level of aggregate demand and the pressure on money-wages : it was simply feared that a stated and credible commitment to the objective of full employment might foster an atmosphere in the wage bargaining process in which money wages could run out of control .
no precise functional relationship was posited between the level of [combine] demand and the pressure on money-wages : it was simply feared that a stated and credible commitment to the objective of full employment might foster an atmosphere in the wage bargaining process in which money wages could run out of control .

In my view there was indeed an inconsistency here , though it was an inconsistency which Friedman only recognized implicitly when he started putting forward an alternative model , radically different from his accelerationist hypothesis , which denied any direct role for aggregate demand in influencing the level of employment .
in my view there was indeed an inconsistency here , though it was an inconsistency which friedman only recognized implicitly when he started putting forward an alternative model , radically different from his accelerationist hypothesis , which denied any direct role for [combine] demand in influencing the level of employment .

Suppose something , say a monetary expansion , starts nominal aggregate demand growing , which in turn produces a rise in prices and wages of , say , 2 per cent per year .
suppose something , say a monetary expansion , starts nominal [combine] demand growing , which in turn produces a rise in prices and wages of , say , 2 per cent per year .

The reduction in the real wage rate which was a necessary concomitant of a rise in unemployment could only come about through an expansion of aggregate demand .
the reduction in the real wage rate which was a necessary concomitant of a rise in unemployment could only come about through an expansion of [combine] demand .

In other words , errors in predicting the rate of inflation were made up of two component parts : a random stochastic component which is , of its very nature , unpredictable ; and a systematic component , , which is related to the level of aggregate demand as reflected in the unemployment rate .
in other words , errors in predicting the rate of inflation were made up of two component parts : a random stochastic component which is , of its very nature , unpredictable ; and a systematic component , , which is related to the level of [combine] demand as reflected in the unemployment rate .

The aggregate demand component of an inflationary process , , no longer exerts an independent influence on the rate of inflation which is , in principle , separable from that of the expectations component , , as it had been in the Friedman ( 1968 ) version .
the [combine] demand component of an inflationary process , , no longer exerts an independent influence on the rate of inflation which is , in principle , separable from that of the expectations component , , as it had been in the friedman ( 1968 ) version .

The aggregate demand — aggregate supply framework
the [combine] demand — [combine] supply framework

Alterations in the level of aggregate demand have no significant impact on relative prices , although they may provoke temporary quantity responses owing to misperceptions concerning the behaviour of relative prices by the suppliers of goods ( firms ) and the suppliers of labour services ( households ) .
alterations in the level of [combine] demand have no significant impact on relative prices , although they may provoke temporary quantity responses owing to misperceptions concerning the behaviour of relative prices by the suppliers of goods ( firms ) and the suppliers of labour services ( households ) .

To depict the aggregate supply function we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .
to depict the [combine] supply function we first need to draw a distinction between [combine] supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .

Aggregate supply in the short run , , is more problematical .
[combine] supply in the short run , , is more problematical .

Figure 7.2 Aggregate demand/aggregate supply framework
figure 7.2 [combine] demand/aggregate supply framework

Reflections on the aggregate demand — aggregate supply framework
reflections on the [combine] demand — [combine] supply framework

The version of the natural rate hypothesis which we examined in the previous section contained just two behavioural relationships , the aggregate demand function and the aggregate supply function .
the version of the natural rate hypothesis which we examined in the previous section contained just two behavioural relationships , the [combine] demand function and the [combine] supply function .

It went further in claiming that there existed a hypothetical price level at which the combined operation of the Keynes effect and the real-balance effect would stimulate aggregate demand by an amount sufficient to absorb the involuntarily unemployed into employment .
it went further in claiming that there existed a hypothetical price level at which the combined operation of the keynes effect and the real-balance effect would stimulate [combine] demand by an amount sufficient to absorb the involuntarily unemployed into employment .

On an operational level , however , the beneficial effects of price reductions on aggregate demand were never taken seriously in the neoclassical synthesis .
on an operational level , however , the beneficial effects of price reductions on [combine] demand were never taken seriously in the neoclassical synthesis .

The rather flat negative slope with which the aggregate demand curve is normally drawn insidiously suggests that quite a modest reduction in the absolute price level — 10 % perhaps — will give a significant positive boost to aggregate demand .
the rather flat negative slope with which the [combine] demand curve is normally drawn insidiously suggests that quite a modest reduction in the absolute price level — 10 % perhaps — will give a significant positive boost to [combine] demand .

The second behavioural relationship of this version of the natural rate hypothesis , the aggregate supply function , also needs some amplification , particularly in respect of short-run supply responses to policy shocks .
the second behavioural relationship of this version of the natural rate hypothesis , the [combine] supply function , also needs some amplification , particularly in respect of short-run supply responses to policy shocks .

Figure 7.4 Aggregate supply functions at different real wage rates
figure 7.4 [combine] supply functions at different real wage rates

Is it for the usual Keynesian reasons , that is , because of periodic changes in aggregate demand and consequent changes in the demand for labour ?
is it for the usual keynesian reasons , that is , because of periodic changes in [combine] demand and consequent changes in the demand for labour ?

Action by the monetary and fiscal authorities may succeed in relaxing the constraints imposed on the behaviour of the private sector by a deficiency of aggregate demand .
action by the monetary and fiscal authorities may succeed in relaxing the constraints imposed on the behaviour of the private sector by a deficiency of [combine] demand .

In Lucas 's model a deficiency of aggregate demand can never occur since markets always clear .
in lucas 's model a deficiency of [combine] demand can never occur since markets always clear .

Although most of this chapter has been given over to an exposition of the policy inefficacy proposition which was grounded in the aggregate demand-aggregate supply framework where variations in the absolute price level figure prominently , the reader should note that many new classical writers simply take it for granted that , in a competitive economy , markets clear on average over time .
although most of this chapter has been given over to an exposition of the policy inefficacy proposition which was grounded in the [combine] demand-aggregate supply framework where variations in the absolute price level figure prominently , the reader should note that many new classical writers simply take it for granted that , in a competitive economy , markets clear on average over time .

The origins of Keynesian unemployment must be traced , not to wrong relative prices — specifically to a wrong real wage — but to a deficiency of aggregate demand .
the origins of keynesian unemployment must be traced , not to wrong relative prices — specifically to a wrong real wage — but to a deficiency of [combine] demand .

The higher is , the higher is consumption expenditure and the higher is the level of aggregate demand .
the higher is , the higher is consumption expenditure and the higher is the level of [combine] demand .

Real balances will rise , and so too will aggregate demand .
real balances will rise , and so too will [combine] demand .

On the other hand , if unemployment is Keynesian , steps must be taken to boost aggregate demand .
on the other hand , if unemployment is keynesian , steps must be taken to boost [combine] demand .

Real wage cuts , by reducing aggregate demand , raise the level of Keynesian unemployment .
real wage cuts , by reducing [combine] demand , raise the level of keynesian unemployment .

In other words , a given level of unemployment may comprise a classical component attributable to excessive real wages and a Keynesian component attributable to deficient aggregate demand .
in other words , a given level of unemployment may comprise a classical component attributable to excessive real wages and a keynesian component attributable to deficient [combine] demand .

Coen and Hickman conclude that , by and large , observed unemployment rates in the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany and Austria from the early 1970s have their origins in deficient aggregate demand .
coen and hickman conclude that , by and large , observed unemployment rates in the united states , the united kingdom , germany and austria from the early 1970s have their origins in deficient [combine] demand .

The deflation of aggregate demand and the rise in unemployment did appear to reduce the rate of inflation , but once unemployment had settled down at a higher level , the rate of inflation ceased to fall .
the deflation of [combine] demand and the rise in unemployment did appear to reduce the rate of inflation , but once unemployment had settled down at a higher level , the rate of inflation ceased to fall .

The dependence of the size of the capital stock on the degree of capacity utilization and hence on the level of aggregate demand .
the dependence of the size of the capital stock on the degree of capacity utilization and hence on the level of [combine] demand .

What are the wage-price dynamics which ensue from this contraction in aggregate demand ?
what are the wage-price dynamics which ensue from this contraction in [combine] demand ?

( c ) an action which includes more than one claim : ( i ) if one or more of the claims is of a kind specified in paragraph ( b ) ( ii ) , has no quantifiable value ; ( ii ) in any other case , has a value which is the aggregate of the values of the claims as determined in accordance with paragraphs 1 and ( 2 ) In determining the value of an action under paragraph ( 1 ) above : ( a ) unspecified further or other relief ; ( b ) interest , other than interest pursuant to a contract ; and ( c ) costs ; shall be disregarded .
( c ) an action which includes more than one claim : ( i ) if one or more of the claims is of a kind specified in paragraph ( b ) ( ii ) , has no quantifiable value ; ( ii ) in any other case , has a value which is the [combine] of the values of the claims as determined in accordance with paragraphs 1 and ( 2 ) in determining the value of an action under paragraph ( 1 ) above : ( a ) unspecified further or other relief ; ( b ) interest , other than interest pursuant to a contract ; and ( c ) costs ; shall be disregarded .

( 3 ) In determining the value , under paragraph ( 1 ) , of an action which is brought by more than one plaintiff or applicant regard shall be had to the aggregate of the expectations or interests of all the plaintiffs or applicants .
( 3 ) in determining the value , under paragraph ( 1 ) , of an action which is brought by more than one plaintiff or applicant regard shall be had to the [combine] of the expectations or interests of all the plaintiffs or applicants .

Corporations aggregate
corporations [combine]

1.62 As we have seen , when the defendant pays into court after making an interim payment , he must ensure that this notice of payment in states that the interim payment has been taken into account ( Ord 29 , r15 ) if he wants to put the plaintiff on risk for the aggregate of the two payments .
1.62 as we have seen , when the defendant pays into court after making an interim payment , he must ensure that this notice of payment in states that the interim payment has been taken into account ( ord 29 , r15 ) if he wants to put the plaintiff on risk for the [combine] of the two payments .

Whilst top-up insurance cover will be left to the discretion of individuals and firms , a recognised body corporate will have to effect cover of at least £500,000 on an each and every claim basis ( or £2 million pa on an aggregate basis ) over and above that available to solicitors ' partnerships through the Indemnity Fund .
whilst top-up insurance cover will be left to the discretion of individuals and firms , a recognised body corporate will have to effect cover of at least £500,000 on an each and every claim basis ( or £2 million pa on an [combine] basis ) over and above that available to solicitors ' partnerships through the indemnity fund .

There will often be negotiation between the vendor and Newco/management about how the aggregate consideration for the sale of the business should be apportioned amongst the various assets .
there will often be negotiation between the vendor and newco/management about how the [combine] consideration for the sale of the business should be apportioned amongst the various assets .

On an assets purchase , Newco will not acquire any of the vendor 's trading losses or unutilised capital allowances , and they may not be usable by the vendor , for example where Newco is taking over the liabilities which reduce the aggregate value of the target business down to a nominal amount .
on an assets purchase , newco will not acquire any of the vendor 's trading losses or unutilised capital allowances , and they may not be usable by the vendor , for example where newco is taking over the liabilities which reduce the [combine] value of the target business down to a nominal amount .

The consideration comparison operates by comparing the aggregate value of the consideration received with the assets or gross capital of the vendor or purchaser as appropriate .
the consideration comparison operates by comparing the [combine] value of the consideration received with the assets or gross capital of the vendor or purchaser as appropriate .

The insurer will be concerned to see that the vendor has negotiated realistic limitations on its liability including a limit on the aggregate liability .
the insurer will be concerned to see that the vendor has negotiated realistic limitations on its liability including a limit on the [combine] liability .

In 1979 , only 13 % of this aggregate wealth was owned by 1 % of the population and 37 % by 10 % of the population .
in 1979 , only 13 % of this [combine] wealth was owned by 1 % of the population and 37 % by 10 % of the population .

The two most central criticisms , though , have been directed at the aggregate effects of such a method of election .
the two most central criticisms , though , have been directed at the [combine] effects of such a method of election .

Richard Nowell scored 1505 runs ( 75.25 ) for Trinity School , Croydon in the 1992 season , 29 short of Neil Lenham 's alltime record aggregate for a school batsman ( 1534 for Brighton College in 1984 ) .
richard nowell scored 1505 runs ( 75.25 ) for trinity school , croydon in the 1992 season , 29 short of neil lenham 's alltime record [combine] for a school batsman ( 1534 for brighton college in 1984 ) .

Taking the headlines in that match was Devon 's Nick Gaywood , who scored 117 in the second innings to take his season 's aggregate past 1000 in championship and knockout cricket for devon .
taking the headlines in that match was devon 's nick gaywood , who scored 117 in the second innings to take his season 's [combine] past 1000 in championship and knockout cricket for devon .

The inadequacies of individual villagers were frequently concealed by the aggregate .
the inadequacies of individual villagers were frequently concealed by the [combine] .

The situation was so bad in one company — it had started life as a joint venture with Lonrho — that the losses from 1985 to 1988 were substantially greater than its aggregate wage costs .
the situation was so bad in one company — it had started life as a joint venture with lonrho — that the losses from 1985 to 1988 were substantially greater than its [combine] wage costs .

He viewed society not as an aggregate of isolated atoms but as an organism for the realization of common purposes .
he viewed society not as an [combine] of isolated atoms but as an organism for the realization of common purposes .

that the property in question was of a sort covered by the innkeeper 's duty . The scope of the innkeeper 's duty is further limited by s.2(3) : where the proprietor of an hotel is liable as an innkeeper to make good the loss of or damage to property brought to the hotel , his liability to any one guest shall not exceed fifty pounds in respect of any one article , or one hundred pounds in the aggregate , except where —
that the property in question was of a sort covered by the innkeeper 's duty . the scope of the innkeeper 's duty is further limited by s.2(3) : where the proprietor of an hotel is liable as an innkeeper to make good the loss of or damage to property brought to the hotel , his liability to any one guest shall not exceed fifty pounds in respect of any one article , or one hundred pounds in the [combine] , except where —

It includes aggregate estimates of government spending and revenue while also providing target figures for expenditures broken down into functional categories .
it includes [combine] estimates of government spending and revenue while also providing target figures for expenditures broken down into functional categories .

Despite the use of cyclosporin ( a nephrotoxic agent ) in these patients only two had a plasma creatinine concentration above 175 µmol/l , confirming the findings of Lewis et al that the use of such an agent in the long term was associated with impaired but generally stable aggregate renal function in heart transplant cohorts .
despite the use of cyclosporin ( a nephrotoxic agent ) in these patients only two had a plasma creatinine concentration above 175 µmol/l , confirming the findings of lewis et al that the use of such an agent in the long term was associated with impaired but generally stable [combine] renal function in heart transplant cohorts .

In total , some 55 per cent of the labour force worked in units that employed less than 30 people in the mid-1980s and that aggregate was not dramatically different from what it was 30 years before .
in total , some 55 per cent of the labour force worked in units that employed less than 30 people in the mid-1980s and that [combine] was not dramatically different from what it was 30 years before .

Of all the major Western economies , Italy offers the closest comparison to Japan in terms of aggregate employment distribution and firm size .
of all the major western economies , italy offers the closest comparison to japan in terms of [combine] employment distribution and firm size .

Aggregate economic indicators give but a partial insight into the extent of devastation after the war because of the shattering emotional impact of Japan 's unconditional surrender .
[combine] economic indicators give but a partial insight into the extent of devastation after the war because of the shattering emotional impact of japan 's unconditional surrender .

While the sentence typically is a structure of main and subordinated and embedded clauses , the clausal complex is typically an aggregate rather than a syntactic structure .
while the sentence typically is a structure of main and subordinated and embedded clauses , the clausal complex is typically an [combine] rather than a syntactic structure .

We shall consider the words set , collection , aggregate as synonymous .
we shall consider the words set , collection , [combine] as synonymous .

The term `` morula `` is imprecise but generally refers to a compact aggregate of blastomeres ( Figure 1 , panels 21 , 22 ) .
the term `` morula `` is imprecise but generally refers to a compact [combine] of blastomeres ( figure 1 , panels 21 , 22 ) .

One method of constructing chimaeric ( or `` allophenic `` ) mice is to aggregate two or more genotypically distinct morulae together and re-implant the composite embryo into the uterus of a pseudopregnant foster mother ( 23 , and see Chapter 6 , Section 2.2 ) .
one method of constructing chimaeric ( or `` allophenic `` ) mice is to [combine] two or more genotypically distinct morulae together and re-implant the composite embryo into the uterus of a pseudopregnant foster mother ( 23 , and see chapter 6 , section 2.2 ) .

It 's first consequence is to deflate the general aggregate demand of the population .
it 's first consequence is to deflate the general [combine] demand of the population .

Such borrowing is subject to an aggregate credit limit which includes all forms of local authority debt ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : Clause 62 ) .
such borrowing is subject to an [combine] credit limit which includes all forms of local authority debt ( local government and housing act 1989 : clause 62 ) .

From this point of view society is an aggregate of such activities ; social order is negotiated order .
from this point of view society is an [combine] of such activities ; social order is negotiated order .

In contrast , from 1911 to 1981 the national increase was only thirteen million , the metropolitan counties in aggregate took under one-tenth of this and , from 1961 , actually lost population .
in contrast , from 1911 to 1981 the national increase was only thirteen million , the metropolitan counties in [combine] took under one-tenth of this and , from 1961 , actually lost population .

The patterns of aggregate change described here reflect the interplay of natural change and migration which is not the same in all parts of the country .
the patterns of [combine] change described here reflect the interplay of natural change and migration which is not the same in all parts of the country .

In aggregate , substantial gross flows occurred between all zones , although an inflow to an individual ring was not necessarily from its own core or outer ring .
in [combine] , substantial gross flows occurred between all zones , although an inflow to an individual ring was not necessarily from its own core or outer ring .

The power to make effective decisions on fertility , reached independently but simultaneously by millions of families , has had startling aggregate effects on our population , society , and economy , the consequences of which are discussed further in Chapter 13 .
the power to make effective decisions on fertility , reached independently but simultaneously by millions of families , has had startling [combine] effects on our population , society , and economy , the consequences of which are discussed further in chapter 13 .

While they may often be approximately right in aggregate , these forecasts are often wrong in the individual family .
while they may often be approximately right in [combine] , these forecasts are often wrong in the individual family .

The balance of influence between husband 's and wife 's income , in aggregate , keeps fertility low .
the balance of influence between husband 's and wife 's income , in [combine] , keeps fertility low .

The returns on individual certificates are coded using the international classification of diseases , and aggregate data about the main causes of mortality in the population are published .
the returns on individual certificates are coded using the international classification of diseases , and [combine] data about the main causes of mortality in the population are published .

In contrast the epidemiologist views the surgeon 's patients at the aggregate level as clusters of variables .
in contrast the epidemiologist views the surgeon 's patients at the [combine] level as clusters of variables .

Aggregate expenditure also consists of government spending , exports , and investment , all of which contribute to the demand for domestically produced goods and services .
[combine] expenditure also consists of government spending , exports , and investment , all of which contribute to the demand for domestically produced goods and services .

This total expenditure is often referred to as aggregate demand , i.e .
this total expenditure is often referred to as [combine] demand , i.e .

In the previous section we indicated the direction of changes in national income and aggregate demand when there were increased or reduced injections into the circular flow . The other crucial feature of the process is the magnitude of change in national income : if injections increased by £100 million , for example , would national income rise by the same amount ?
in the previous section we indicated the direction of changes in national income and [combine] demand when there were increased or reduced injections into the circular flow . the other crucial feature of the process is the magnitude of change in national income : if injections increased by £100 million , for example , would national income rise by the same amount ?

One obvious policy for the achievement of this objective is for government to stimulate aggregate demand by some means or other .
one obvious policy for the achievement of this objective is for government to stimulate [combine] demand by some means or other .

But when governments expand aggregate demand in an attempt to secure the employment objective , there is a danger that the extra spending will increase prices rather than output .
but when governments expand [combine] demand in an attempt to secure the employment objective , there is a danger that the extra spending will increase prices rather than output .

In theory it is conceivable for any increase in aggregate demand to raise output and employment levels as long as full employment of the labour force has not been reached .
in theory it is conceivable for any increase in [combine] demand to raise output and employment levels as long as full employment of the labour force has not been reached .

In such circumstances the achievement of the prices objective may necessitate a reduction in aggregate demand through cuts in government expenditure and increased taxes .
in such circumstances the achievement of the prices objective may necessitate a reduction in [combine] demand through cuts in government expenditure and increased taxes .

We have argued earlier that the value of imports is related to the level of national income in the domestic economy and that the value of exports is related to aggregate demand abroad .
we have argued earlier that the value of imports is related to the level of national income in the domestic economy and that the value of exports is related to [combine] demand abroad .

Therefore an expansion of aggregate demand in the domestic economy which is not matched by comparable increases in other economies will result in a deterioration in the balance of payments .
therefore an expansion of [combine] demand in the domestic economy which is not matched by comparable increases in other economies will result in a deterioration in the balance of payments .

However , investment is required to augment productive capacity , and policies to eliminate excessive fluctuations in aggregate demand may provide the best environment for high investment expenditures .
however , investment is required to augment productive capacity , and policies to eliminate excessive fluctuations in [combine] demand may provide the best environment for high investment expenditures .

Our brief discussion of economic objectives and their relationship to the level of national income suggests that control over aggregate money demand is necessary if the government is to achieve all or some of these objectives .
our brief discussion of economic objectives and their relationship to the level of national income suggests that control over [combine] money demand is necessary if the government is to achieve all or some of these objectives .

The achievement of multiple economic objectives is especially difficult if the government relies exclusively upon one type of policy which operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .
the achievement of multiple economic objectives is especially difficult if the government relies exclusively upon one type of policy which operates essentially through the channel of [combine] demand .

Output and employment may be improved at least temporarily through using fiscal policy to expand aggregate demand , but at the same time there is an increased likelihood that inflation will be exacerbated by such an injection of spending .
output and employment may be improved at least temporarily through using fiscal policy to expand [combine] demand , but at the same time there is an increased likelihood that inflation will be exacerbated by such an injection of spending .

So fiscal policy on its own can not be relied upon to achieve all the macroeconomic objectives simultaneously since it operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .
so fiscal policy on its own can not be relied upon to achieve all the macroeconomic objectives simultaneously since it operates essentially through the channel of [combine] demand .

The coincidence of rising inflation and unemployment , in spite of Keynesian-type policies to maintain aggregate demand , cast doubt on the continued effectiveness of conventional economic policies during the 1970s .
the coincidence of rising inflation and unemployment , in spite of keynesian-type policies to maintain [combine] demand , cast doubt on the continued effectiveness of conventional economic policies during the 1970s .

The band 's aggregate scores gave them the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association championship for their grade .
the band 's [combine] scores gave them the royal scottish pipe band association championship for their grade .

Shareholders will be asked to renew the authority of the Directors to allot and issue the Ordinary Share capital in the Company and to renew , until the Annual General Meeting in 1994 , the authority not to apply the strict statutory pre-emption provisions in the events of a Rights Issue or in any other issue up to an aggregate of 5 per cent of the issued Ordinary Share Capital as at 31 December 1992 .
shareholders will be asked to renew the authority of the directors to allot and issue the ordinary share capital in the company and to renew , until the annual general meeting in 1994 , the authority not to apply the strict statutory pre-emption provisions in the events of a rights issue or in any other issue up to an [combine] of 5 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital as at 31 december 1992 .

The side 's Paul Harper also claimed the top aggregate score out of 80 competitors .
the side 's paul harper also claimed the top [combine] score out of 80 competitors .

An understanding of these processes is of value to all those — for instance , politicians , trade unions , businesses — who wish to understand , forecast and influence economic developments and policy at either an aggregate level or at the level of individual markets .
an understanding of these processes is of value to all those — for instance , politicians , trade unions , businesses — who wish to understand , forecast and influence economic developments and policy at either an [combine] level or at the level of individual markets .

By controlling the oligopolies the state can direct aggregate performance .
by controlling the oligopolies the state can direct [combine] performance .

It is important to look behind the aggregate figures of local sourcing to try to identify where linkage effects could realistically be expected to result from the transnational practices of established and potential TNCs , and what the host authorities could realistically hope to do about it in terms of their transnational practices .
it is important to look behind the [combine] figures of local sourcing to try to identify where linkage effects could realistically be expected to result from the transnational practices of established and potential tncs , and what the host authorities could realistically hope to do about it in terms of their transnational practices .

That is , the aggregate level of welfare in society is given by a welfare function whose arguments are the cardinal utility of income functions . Given the above ,
that is , the [combine] level of welfare in society is given by a welfare function whose arguments are the cardinal utility of income functions . given the above ,

Equilibrium occurs when the aggregate planned demand from all sectors of the economy matches the output level of the economy , so that all plans are fulfilled .
equilibrium occurs when the [combine] planned demand from all sectors of the economy matches the output level of the economy , so that all plans are fulfilled .

This relationship is the so-called curve , 2 which shows combinations of the rate of interest and income that are all equilibrium combinations in that the level of planned aggregate demand equals the level of output .
this relationship is the so-called curve , 2 which shows combinations of the rate of interest and income that are all equilibrium combinations in that the level of planned [combine] demand equals the level of output .

Higher rates of interest choke off investment demand ( and indeed any other interest-sensitive variable that might have been introduced in the model ) so that aggregate demand and output fall , imparting a negative slope to this curve .
higher rates of interest choke off investment demand ( and indeed any other interest-sensitive variable that might have been introduced in the model ) so that [combine] demand and output fall , imparting a negative slope to this curve .

This relationship between the economy-wide price level and the level of output yields the aggregate demand curve in Fig .
this relationship between the economy-wide price level and the level of output yields the [combine] demand curve in fig .

If the consumption plans of individuals are related to real wealth as well as to disposable income , then changes in the price level that alter the real value of assets ( which are denominated in nominal terms ) will affect aggregate demand .
if the consumption plans of individuals are related to real wealth as well as to disposable income , then changes in the price level that alter the real value of assets ( which are denominated in nominal terms ) will affect [combine] demand .

The demand for labour is its marginal product ( derived from the aggregate production function in part ( b ) ) .
the demand for labour is its marginal product ( derived from the [combine] production function in part ( b ) ) .

With different price levels it is possible to derive the level of output that will obtain and hence an aggregate supply curve is derived .
with different price levels it is possible to derive the level of output that will obtain and hence an [combine] supply curve is derived .

If on the other hand all prices , including wages , rise or fall together , the nominal wage will rise to ( fall to ) , leaving the real wage unchanged and equilibrium in the labour market ( and the level of output ) completely unaffected-a completely inelastic aggregate supply curve .
if on the other hand all prices , including wages , rise or fall together , the nominal wage will rise to ( fall to ) , leaving the real wage unchanged and equilibrium in the labour market ( and the level of output ) completely unaffected-a completely inelastic [combine] supply curve .

It is short-run aggregate demand-driven analysis which suggests that there is no reason to suppose that the equilibrium level of output consistent with total planned spending will be consistent with full employment in the labour market .
it is short-run [combine] demand-driven analysis which suggests that there is no reason to suppose that the equilibrium level of output consistent with total planned spending will be consistent with full employment in the labour market .

Referring back to the aggregate supply curve derivation in Fig .
referring back to the [combine] supply curve derivation in fig .

The aggregate supply curve traced out by these short-run deviations from the equilibrium real wage is and has a positive slope .
the [combine] supply curve traced out by these short-run deviations from the equilibrium real wage is and has a positive slope .

The aggregate supply curve is vertical in the short run as well as in the long run , so the ‘ natural ’ rate of employment ( and hence unemployment ) and output are always achieved as long as changes can be foreseen and are expected .
the [combine] supply curve is vertical in the short run as well as in the long run , so the ‘ natural ’ rate of employment ( and hence unemployment ) and output are always achieved as long as changes can be foreseen and are expected .

As noted above , there can be exceptions to the vertical aggregate supply curve when changes are unanticipated .
as noted above , there can be exceptions to the vertical [combine] supply curve when changes are unanticipated .

10–5 , ‘ supply-side ’ macroeconomics can be viewed as shifting the aggregate supply curve to the right .
10–5 , ‘ supply-side ’ macroeconomics can be viewed as shifting the [combine] supply curve to the right .

In the short run it is generally argued that tax cuts will simply stimulate aggregate demand and , with aggregate supply largely unaffected , will be inflationary .
in the short run it is generally argued that tax cuts will simply stimulate [combine] demand and , with [combine] supply largely unaffected , will be inflationary .

Expanding aggregate demand to raise prices will unexpectedly lower real wages , pushing employment away from 1 and towards 3 in Fig .
expanding [combine] demand to raise prices will unexpectedly lower real wages , pushing employment away from 1 and towards 3 in fig .

Local authorities in aggregate may suffer a fiscal imbalance inasmuch as they are unable to finance all those expenditure programmes that are considered desirable .
local authorities in [combine] may suffer a fiscal imbalance inasmuch as they are unable to finance all those expenditure programmes that are considered desirable .

While there may be no fiscal imbalance in aggregate , some authorities may be unable to finance programmes that other authorities find easy to handle .
while there may be no fiscal imbalance in [combine] , some authorities may be unable to finance programmes that other authorities find easy to handle .

The effects of personal income taxation are usually viewed in relation to the aggregate supply of hours of market work and the associated welfare costs .
the effects of personal income taxation are usually viewed in relation to the [combine] supply of hours of market work and the associated welfare costs .

12-3-7 Taxation in Aggregate
12-3-7 taxation in [combine]

However , such service and repayment responsibilities are transfer payments between the general taxpayer and the debt-holders , which , as long as they are internally held , will alter who gets command of goods and services but not their volume in aggregate .
however , such service and repayment responsibilities are transfer payments between the general taxpayer and the debt-holders , which , as long as they are internally held , will alter who gets command of goods and services but not their volume in [combine] .

Individual and aggregate ( national ) burdens are separated , as are gross and net-of-benefit burdens .
individual and [combine] ( national ) burdens are separated , as are gross and net-of-benefit burdens .

By running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not currently required .
by running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will [combine] the module versions not currently required .

In particular , the aggregate results may show less fluctuation over time than the results of some of the separate segments of the business .
in particular , the [combine] results may show less fluctuation over time than the results of some of the separate segments of the business .

It was revealed that bilateral trade had increased by 3 per cent in 1989 over the previous year , and the aggregate target figure for bilateral trade in 1990 was set at $ 6,200 million .
it was revealed that bilateral trade had increased by 3 per cent in 1989 over the previous year , and the [combine] target figure for bilateral trade in 1990 was set at $ 6,200 million .

Although GEMMs in the aggregate made substantial losses during the years 1987 – 89 , the market as a whole became profitable in 1990 and remained so in 1991 .
although gemms in the [combine] made substantial losses during the years 1987 – 89 , the market as a whole became profitable in 1990 and remained so in 1991 .

The preceding section has emphasised the day-to-day actions in the money market , but it is also useful at this stage to look at the aggregate position in recent years which is shown in Table 6.2 .
the preceding section has emphasised the day-to-day actions in the money market , but it is also useful at this stage to look at the [combine] position in recent years which is shown in table 6.2 .

Whether the game is played out aggressively `` or `` altruistically `` or in any other way , it is always the interests of individuals that are being served ( or , in some variations of the theory , the interests of another kind of biological entity , an `` aggregate gene pool `` ) .
whether the game is played out aggressively `` or `` altruistically `` or in any other way , it is always the interests of individuals that are being served ( or , in some variations of the theory , the interests of another kind of biological entity , an `` [combine] gene pool `` ) .

It is also common to say that there will be no liability in respect of a single claim of less than a small sum and then only when the aggregate of all such small claims exceeds a certain sum .
it is also common to say that there will be no liability in respect of a single claim of less than a small sum and then only when the [combine] of all such small claims exceeds a certain sum .

Suitable fair warranties and indemnities will be granted for taxation and other specific matters and will be limited in aggregate amount , time of liability and by a minimum aggregate amount before any claim can be made .
suitable fair warranties and indemnities will be granted for taxation and other specific matters and will be limited in [combine] amount , time of liability and by a minimum [combine] amount before any claim can be made .

Where the Auditors and Purchaser 's Accountants disagree as to the valuation of an item and , where the disputed element of the valuation is less than [ £1,000 ] for an individual item , or the aggregate value of all disputed elements of valuation within the stock and work in progress are less than [ £10,000 ] both parties shall agree to accept the Auditors ' valuation .
where the auditors and purchaser 's accountants disagree as to the valuation of an item and , where the disputed element of the valuation is less than [ £1,000 ] for an individual item , or the [combine] value of all disputed elements of valuation within the stock and work in progress are less than [ £10,000 ] both parties shall agree to accept the auditors ' valuation .

Where the Auditors and Purchaser 's Accountants disagree as to the valuation of an item and , where the disputed element of the valuation is less than £1,000 for an individual item , or the aggregate value of all disputed elements of valuation within fixed assets are less than £3,000 both parties shall agree to accept the Auditors ' valuation .
where the auditors and purchaser 's accountants disagree as to the valuation of an item and , where the disputed element of the valuation is less than £1,000 for an individual item , or the [combine] value of all disputed elements of valuation within fixed assets are less than £3,000 both parties shall agree to accept the auditors ' valuation .

We undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum aggregate amount of £ [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .
we undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum [combine] amount of £ [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .

The aggregate liability of the Vendor in respect of all claims for breach of any of the Warranties shall not in any event exceed the Consideration ;
the [combine] liability of the vendor in respect of all claims for breach of any of the warranties shall not in any event exceed the consideration ;

the Purchaser shall not make any claim or claims against the Vendor in respect of the breach of any of the Warranties unless the amount of each individual claim shall exceed £ ; and the aggregate amount of such claims shall exceed £ ;
the purchaser shall not make any claim or claims against the vendor in respect of the breach of any of the warranties unless the amount of each individual claim shall exceed £ ; and the [combine] amount of such claims shall exceed £ ;

Woosnam , finished the tournament with a 73 for a four round aggregate of 286 , six shots behind Masashi " Jumbo " Ozaki .
woosnam , finished the tournament with a 73 for a four round [combine] of 286 , six shots behind masashi " jumbo " ozaki .

The recent emergence of macroeconomic theories emphasizing the supply side the economy has called into question the previous Keynesian orthodoxy , which concentrated upon fluctuations in aggregate demand .
the recent emergence of macroeconomic theories emphasizing the supply side the economy has called into question the previous keynesian orthodoxy , which concentrated upon fluctuations in [combine] demand .

It should permit an appraisal to be made of the relative impact of aggregate demand and the supply side on output and employment in the British economy .
it should permit an appraisal to be made of the relative impact of [combine] demand and the supply side on output and employment in the british economy .

It will focus also on the demand side of the market , looking at the impact of real wages on employment and the determinants of aggregate demand , such as world economic activity , competitiveness , and monetary and fiscal policy .
it will focus also on the demand side of the market , looking at the impact of real wages on employment and the determinants of [combine] demand , such as world economic activity , competitiveness , and monetary and fiscal policy .

It is proposed to investigate factors operating at the industry level as well as the aggregate economy insofar as the limitations of data permit .
it is proposed to investigate factors operating at the industry level as well as the [combine] economy insofar as the limitations of data permit .

This project , which is being carried out by George Bain is concerned with analysing patterns of union growth at an aggregate level and also at the level of individual occupations and industries .
this project , which is being carried out by george bain is concerned with analysing patterns of union growth at an [combine] level and also at the level of individual occupations and industries .

Consumer acceptance of new technology , seen in aggregate as the diffusion of that technology into the economic environment , is a key aspect of economic performance , affecting productivity , rates of return , employment and international trade .
consumer acceptance of new technology , seen in [combine] as the diffusion of that technology into the economic environment , is a key aspect of economic performance , affecting productivity , rates of return , employment and international trade .

For example , in examining the relationship between aggregate consumer spending and aggregate disposable income , it is important to determine whether or not , over a period of years , the spending and income data tend to fluctuate around a regular trend , or have a tendency to wander far away from their trend .
for example , in examining the relationship between [combine] consumer spending and [combine] disposable income , it is important to determine whether or not , over a period of years , the spending and income data tend to fluctuate around a regular trend , or have a tendency to wander far away from their trend .

Changes in the relative numbers of the different types of household that make up the aggregate population have actuarial consequences for the future pattern of public and private transfers into and out of collective saving and insurance funds .
changes in the relative numbers of the different types of household that make up the [combine] population have actuarial consequences for the future pattern of public and private transfers into and out of collective saving and insurance funds .

Empirical departures from the aggregate Keynesian consumption function have taken either of two routes .
empirical departures from the [combine] keynesian consumption function have taken either of two routes .

the supply of output is modelled via a price equation derived from an aggregate production function as a mark-up over costs which varies with the level of output .
the supply of output is modelled via a price equation derived from an [combine] production function as a mark-up over costs which varies with the level of output .

exploring the relationship between aggregate expenditure and expenditure on these particular groups .
exploring the relationship between [combine] expenditure and expenditure on these particular groups .

Analyses of secondary data on aggregate trends and patterns of investment by such enterprises are supplemented by an examination of prominent job losses reported in the financial press and interviews with the management of multinationals in two industries ( man-made fibres and scientific and industrial instruments ) .
analyses of secondary data on [combine] trends and patterns of investment by such enterprises are supplemented by an examination of prominent job losses reported in the financial press and interviews with the management of multinationals in two industries ( man-made fibres and scientific and industrial instruments ) .

By building a macroeconomic model on these foundations , the investigator can then study the reaction of wages , profits and employment to different economic policies aimed at aggregate demand or labour market imperfections .
by building a macroeconomic model on these foundations , the investigator can then study the reaction of wages , profits and employment to different economic policies aimed at [combine] demand or labour market imperfections .

This programme will seek to develop a framework for economic modelling within which links between the decisions of individual agents ( firms , households , unions ) and the behaviour of the economy at an aggregate level are more clearly established than is usually the case .
this programme will seek to develop a framework for economic modelling within which links between the decisions of individual agents ( firms , households , unions ) and the behaviour of the economy at an [combine] level are more clearly established than is usually the case .

In contrast the approach here is to embed aggregate supply as well as the determination of aggregate demand within a broadly neoclassical framework .
in contrast the approach here is to embed [combine] supply as well as the determination of [combine] demand within a broadly neoclassical framework .

Instead a full specification of aggregate supply is proposed in which ‘ natural ’ rates either in terms of levels or rates of growth are endogenous .
instead a full specification of [combine] supply is proposed in which ‘ natural ’ rates either in terms of levels or rates of growth are endogenous .

The consumption function is an ideal testbed for a general methodological investigation of error correction mechanisms , the design of economic policy , crowding out and aggregate supply .
the consumption function is an ideal testbed for a general methodological investigation of error correction mechanisms , the design of economic policy , crowding out and [combine] supply .

Crowding out may be of two varieties : either the effect of changes in government spending are immediately and completely offset by opposite changes in other components of aggregate demand , or aggregated demand is in principle increased but immediately is frustrated by supply constraints .
crowding out may be of two varieties : either the effect of changes in government spending are immediately and completely offset by opposite changes in other components of [combine] demand , or aggregated demand is in principle increased but immediately is frustrated by supply constraints .

8 . Aggregate supply
8 . [combine] supply

Conventional econometric models typically treat aggregate supply only scantily .
conventional econometric models typically treat [combine] supply only scantily .

Therefore the aim is to develop a mainstream model which comprehensively addresses aggregate supply .
therefore the aim is to develop a mainstream model which comprehensively addresses [combine] supply .

Although much is known about aggregate trends , relatively less research has been conducted into the impact of health care expenditures at the regional and district scale .
although much is known about [combine] trends , relatively less research has been conducted into the impact of health care expenditures at the regional and district scale .

Lane , who heads the Cup table with more than 303,000 points , shot a six under par 66 for a three round aggregate 202 , and second place — two shots behind Argentinian Jose Coceres , who is 16 under par .
lane , who heads the cup table with more than 303,000 points , shot a six under par 66 for a three round [combine] 202 , and second place — two shots behind argentinian jose coceres , who is 16 under par .

Focusing on the period 1950 to 1983 , this project explores the dynamics of the voting act in British parliamentary elections by means of aggregate data analysis .
focusing on the period 1950 to 1983 , this project explores the dynamics of the voting act in british parliamentary elections by means of [combine] data analysis .

The form of the analysis is a multivariate statistical study based on longitudinal cross ) national aggregate data .
the form of the analysis is a multivariate statistical study based on longitudinal cross ) national [combine] data .

The model on which this claim is based has been extensively tested in the United States using aggregate data .
the model on which this claim is based has been extensively tested in the united states using [combine] data .

Torrance had battled against a blustery wind to shoot a one-over-par 73 for a 54 holes aggregate of 210 .
torrance had battled against a blustery wind to shoot a one-over-par 73 for a 54 holes [combine] of 210 .

As for absence , there is a detailed record showing the current year 's information and a five-year history in aggregate form .
as for absence , there is a detailed record showing the current year 's information and a five-year history in [combine] form .

Although only around one-third as important as consumption in total aggregate demand , investment is arguably one of its most significant components .
although only around one-third as important as consumption in total [combine] demand , investment is arguably one of its most significant components .

Yet in another sense they are similar , both being components of aggregate demand , i.e .
yet in another sense they are similar , both being components of [combine] demand , i.e .

More recent data on aggregate investment and the average yield on debentures again show little correlation during the past twenty years or so .
more recent data on [combine] investment and the average yield on debentures again show little correlation during the past twenty years or so .

In the short run , investment may be seen mainly as a component of aggregate demand which , if increased , will have the effect of stimulating the economy and , through the multiplier , substantially raising the level of National Income .
in the short run , investment may be seen mainly as a component of [combine] demand which , if increased , will have the effect of stimulating the economy and , through the multiplier , substantially raising the level of national income .

The National Income aggregate used for comparison will also influence our impression of the size of the public sector .
the national income [combine] used for comparison will also influence our impression of the size of the public sector .

The main documents that are used to convey the financial information are the balance sheet , which lists the sources of the company 's capital and how it is used in the company , and the profit and loss account , which quantifies the aggregate expenditure and income of the company .
the main documents that are used to convey the financial information are the balance sheet , which lists the sources of the company 's capital and how it is used in the company , and the profit and loss account , which quantifies the [combine] expenditure and income of the company .

The most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in Figure 2.6 .
the most beneficial projects should then be selected until the [combine] resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in figure 2.6 .

Turnover represents the aggregate amount invoiced for goods supplied to customers and is stated net of any value added or sales taxes .
turnover represents the [combine] amount invoiced for goods supplied to customers and is stated net of any value added or sales taxes .

The victory follows a 2–0 aggregate defeat of Sahel Club of Niger in the first round .
the victory follows a 2–0 [combine] defeat of sahel club of niger in the first round .

The value of shares over which each participant may at any time be granted an option under the Executive Scheme when added to the aggregate of the values of shares ( as at the date of grant of the options ) comprised in outstanding options granted in the preceding ten years under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme operated by the Company ( other than a savings related share options scheme ) is limited to four times the participant 's annual salary .
the value of shares over which each participant may at any time be granted an option under the executive scheme when added to the [combine] of the values of shares ( as at the date of grant of the options ) comprised in outstanding options granted in the preceding ten years under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme operated by the company ( other than a savings related share options scheme ) is limited to four times the participant 's annual salary .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same [combine] option prices and the same [combine] market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

In the terminology of Codasyl , the data item is equivalent to an attribute value , and these can be aggregated ( a non-normalised group item ) and referred to as a repeating group data aggregate .
in the terminology of codasyl , the data item is equivalent to an attribute value , and these can be aggregated ( a non-normalised group item ) and referred to as a repeating group data [combine] .

Nominations must be of a Member of the Parliamentary Party in the House of Commons , who must be proposed and seconded by other such Members and supported by 200 members in aggregate in not less than 20 Local Parties ( including , for this purpose , the Specified Associated organisations representing youth and students as provided by Article 13 .
nominations must be of a member of the parliamentary party in the house of commons , who must be proposed and seconded by other such members and supported by 200 members in [combine] in not less than 20 local parties ( including , for this purpose , the specified associated organisations representing youth and students as provided by article 13 .

National carriers like Pickfords , with their own warehouses and regular clientele , soon emerged and contributed to an aggregate load which was prodigious , though unmeasurable .
national carriers like pickfords , with their own warehouses and regular clientele , soon emerged and contributed to an [combine] load which was prodigious , though unmeasurable .

In the last quarter of the eighteenth century British population hit the critical rate of growth squarely in the middle , slow enough to maintain , or even slightly improve real wages and yet to encourage labour saving innovation , fast enough to keep down labour costs and yet to expand aggregate demand for food and mass consumer goods .
in the last quarter of the eighteenth century british population hit the critical rate of growth squarely in the middle , slow enough to maintain , or even slightly improve real wages and yet to encourage labour saving innovation , fast enough to keep down labour costs and yet to expand [combine] demand for food and mass consumer goods .

In the first half of the eighteenth century low food prices and slight demographic pressure may have allowed an aggregate increase in spending on non-essentials , even if the relative elasticities meant that more and better foodstuffs were the likely first call on extra income .
in the first half of the eighteenth century low food prices and slight demographic pressure may have allowed an [combine] increase in spending on non-essentials , even if the relative elasticities meant that more and better foodstuffs were the likely first call on extra income .

Up to then , however , on Dr Anstey 's figures the profits made were at least the equal of most other areas of investment , with 9.5 per cent being the aggregate decennial average from 1761 to 1807 .
up to then , however , on dr anstey 's figures the profits made were at least the equal of most other areas of investment , with 9.5 per cent being the [combine] decennial average from 1761 to 1807 .

It seems probable that the Atlantic trade mobilised capital far more effectively , and equally probable that in aggregate it did so to a greater extent , if the East India Company 's heavy non-trading interests are first discounted .
it seems probable that the atlantic trade mobilised capital far more effectively , and equally probable that in [combine] it did so to a greater extent , if the east india company 's heavy non-trading interests are first discounted .

Tax gatherers and political economists usually subscribed to a rhetoric of taxing `` luxuries `` , but sufficient aggregate yields can hardly be secured from imposing only on the consuming habits of the well-to-do .
tax gatherers and political economists usually subscribed to a rhetoric of taxing `` luxuries `` , but sufficient [combine] yields can hardly be secured from imposing only on the consuming habits of the well-to-do .

In fact , for a pure public good we must all necessarily consume the same quantity , namely , whatever quantity is supplied in the aggregate .
in fact , for a pure public good we must all necessarily consume the same quantity , namely , whatever quantity is supplied in the [combine] .

That order is made for the aggregate of the sum payable and for costs incurred by the charging authority and the court in obtaining and issuing the order .
that order is made for the [combine] of the sum payable and for costs incurred by the charging authority and the court in obtaining and issuing the order .

a ) increasing to £2,500 million , with power to increase by order to £3,000 million , the limit imposed on the aggregate amount of grants made under section 3 of the Coal Industry Act 1987 , or
a ) increasing to £2,500 million , with power to increase by order to £3,000 million , the limit imposed on the [combine] amount of grants made under section 3 of the coal industry act 1987 , or

Let us call to mind the ‘ representative firm ’ , whose economies of production , internal and external , are dependent on the aggregate volume of production of the commodity that it makes ; and , postponing all further study of the nature of this dependence , let us assume that the normal supply price of any amount of that commodity may be taken to be its normal expenses of production ( including gross earnings of managements ) by that firm .
let us call to mind the ‘ representative firm ’ , whose economies of production , internal and external , are dependent on the [combine] volume of production of the commodity that it makes ; and , postponing all further study of the nature of this dependence , let us assume that the normal supply price of any amount of that commodity may be taken to be its normal expenses of production ( including gross earnings of managements ) by that firm .

That is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .
that is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing [combine] amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the [combine] production remaining unchanged .

Because workers are unemployed , their incomes are low and so aggregate demand for goods is depressed .
because workers are unemployed , their incomes are low and so [combine] demand for goods is depressed .

So the government can correct for this type of market failure by increasing aggregate demand , either by spending more itself or by getting the private sector to increase its spending , through tax cuts or an expansion in the money supply and lower interest rates .
so the government can correct for this type of market failure by increasing [combine] demand , either by spending more itself or by getting the private sector to increase its spending , through tax cuts or an expansion in the money supply and lower interest rates .

The usual bedding material is coarse aggregate ( gravel ) .
the usual bedding material is coarse [combine] ( gravel ) .

Backfilling consists of putting in a layer of aggregate followed by layers of earth , tamping down each layer before shovelling on the next .
backfilling consists of putting in a layer of [combine] followed by layers of earth , tamping down each layer before shovelling on the next .

After the Building Control Officer has tested the drains , the trench can be backfilled . Use gravel ( or aggregate ) for the first layer
after the building control officer has tested the drains , the trench can be backfilled . use gravel ( or [combine] ) for the first layer

As before , we assume that demands are generated by an aggregate utility function , which .
as before , we assume that demands are generated by an [combine] utility function , which .

Thus , competitive equilibrium models , with all markets clearing , have been used to investigate the incidence of different taxes , whereas a quite separate literature , using aggregate demand/monetary models , has examined the implications of taxes for the level of employment and the rate of inflation .
thus , competitive equilibrium models , with all markets clearing , have been used to investigate the incidence of different taxes , whereas a quite separate literature , using [combine] demand/monetary models , has examined the implications of taxes for the level of employment and the rate of inflation .

In part it is directed at particular features of the standard treatment — notably the assumption of an aggregate production function .
in part it is directed at particular features of the standard treatment — notably the assumption of an [combine] production function .

In the main part of these Lectures , we work with the ‘ orthodox ’ Solow ( 1956 ) model , in which malleable capital is used to produce a single output according to an aggregate production function , with a higher ratio of capital to labour being associated with a lower competitive rate of profit .
in the main part of these lectures , we work with the ‘ orthodox ’ solow ( 1956 ) model , in which malleable capital is used to produce a single output according to an [combine] production function , with a higher ratio of capital to labour being associated with a lower competitive rate of profit .

Thus , in Section 8–3 we compare steady-state economies with different tax rates , and use the aggregate production function to relate the differences in capital labour ratios , k , to differences in rates of profit , r .
thus , in section 8–3 we compare steady-state economies with different tax rates , and use the [combine] production function to relate the differences in capital labour ratios , k , to differences in rates of profit , r .

On the other hand , just as in the case of short-run macro-policy we consider offsetting changes which keep the level of aggregate demand unchanged , so in the long-run growth context we may want to compare situations where the aggregate capital-labour ratio is unchanged .
on the other hand , just as in the case of short-run macro-policy we consider offsetting changes which keep the level of [combine] demand unchanged , so in the long-run growth context we may want to compare situations where the [combine] capital-labour ratio is unchanged .

The government has instruments , particularly monetary and debt policy , with which it can offset the aggregate effects of taxes .
the government has instruments , particularly monetary and debt policy , with which it can offset the [combine] effects of taxes .

Debt , Aggregate Consumption and Capital Formation
debt , [combine] consumption and capital formation

The first definition of burden is that of a reduction in aggregate consumption , a definition that underlies the ‘ Keynesian ’ view which gained currency in the 1940s and 1950s .
the first definition of burden is that of a reduction in [combine] consumption , a definition that underlies the ‘ keynesian ’ view which gained currency in the 1940s and 1950s .

The distribution of the burden of the national debt may be as important as its aggregate impact .
the distribution of the burden of the national debt may be as important as its [combine] impact .

In the case of the capital tax , the long-run incidence is critically determined by how the tax affects aggregate savings , and this in turn depends on the particular assumptions concerning the determinants of savings within the economy .
in the case of the capital tax , the long-run incidence is critically determined by how the tax affects [combine] savings , and this in turn depends on the particular assumptions concerning the determinants of savings within the economy .

The extent to which we aggregate individual units in this way depends of course on the purpose at hand .
the extent to which we [combine] individual units in this way depends of course on the purpose at hand .

If we assume that aggregate output is a function of the mean inheritance and mean labour capacity , and that the latter has converged to its equilibrium value ( which we can then normalize at unity , ) , then output per man at time u may be written as .
if we assume that [combine] output is a function of the mean inheritance and mean labour capacity , and that the latter has converged to its equilibrium value ( which we can then normalize at unity , ) , then output per man at time u may be written as .

The development of the aggregate equilibrium is then governed by ( from 9–17a ) where r and w are functions of .
the development of the [combine] equilibrium is then governed by ( from 9–17a ) where r and w are functions of .

The aggregate behaviour in this model is independent of the distribution of inherited wealth or wages .
the [combine] behaviour in this model is independent of the distribution of inherited wealth or wages .

In this case , the aggregate behaviour would depend on the distribution of wealth .
in this case , the [combine] behaviour would depend on the distribution of wealth .

Later we devote a full chapter to the application of rational expectations to the theory and estimation of the aggregate consumption function .
later we devote a full chapter to the application of rational expectations to the theory and estimation of the [combine] consumption function .

The initial aim of this application was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .
the initial aim of this application was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect [combine] real output or employment .

There are many differences of opinion amongst economists about the relative power of fiscal policy and monetary policy to influence the position of the aggregate demand curve , but these debates are of no great concern to the question we are dealing with here .
there are many differences of opinion amongst economists about the relative power of fiscal policy and monetary policy to influence the position of the [combine] demand curve , but these debates are of no great concern to the question we are dealing with here .

What is more important for our purposes is the way in which the aggregate demand curve interacts with the aggregate supply curve to determine the equilibrium general level of prices and the equilibrium level of output ; we are especially interested in the nature of that interaction when expectations are rational .
what is more important for our purposes is the way in which the [combine] demand curve interacts with the [combine] supply curve to determine the equilibrium general level of prices and the equilibrium level of output ; we are especially interested in the nature of that interaction when expectations are rational .

To understand that interaction we must first analyse the flexible-price , natural rate version of the aggregate supply curve .
to understand that interaction we must first analyse the flexible-price , natural rate version of the [combine] supply curve .

In the previous section we analysed the factors determining aggregate demand in this economy , in other words the aggregate demand curve .
in the previous section we analysed the factors determining [combine] demand in this economy , in other words the [combine] demand curve .

To derive an aggregate supply curve we shall assume that suppliers are primarily influenced by the relative price of the good on their island .
to derive an [combine] supply curve we shall assume that suppliers are primarily influenced by the relative price of the good on their island .

The total level of output supplied when the relative price of the good on all islands is correctly perceived we shall call the natural level of aggregate output .
the total level of output supplied when the relative price of the good on all islands is correctly perceived we shall call the natural level of [combine] output .

Of course , over the whole economy these relative demand changes sum to zero , and aggregate or average demand is given by the aggregate demand curve derived in section 4.1 .
of course , over the whole economy these relative demand changes sum to zero , and [combine] or average demand is given by the [combine] demand curve derived in section 4.1 .

( If these perturbations around the average do not cancel each other out , they can not be reflecting purely relative demand changes because there would be some net aggregate effect . )
( if these perturbations around the average do not cancel each other out , they can not be reflecting purely relative demand changes because there would be some net [combine] effect . )

What would be the relationship between the general level of prices , or the average price of the good in this economy , and the total or aggregate quantity of output supplied ?
what would be the relationship between the general level of prices , or the average price of the good in this economy , and the total or [combine] quantity of output supplied ?

If suppliers know not only the current price in their own market but also the current price in all other markets the aggregate level of output will be independent of the average level of prices .
if suppliers know not only the current price in their own market but also the current price in all other markets the [combine] level of output will be independent of the average level of prices .

Given symmetric behaviour aggregate output in this case too will remain at its natural level : the increase in output in one market cancelling out the fall in output on the other .
given symmetric behaviour [combine] output in this case too will remain at its natural level : the increase in output in one market cancelling out the fall in output on the other .

So in both cases aggregate output will remain at its natural level in the face of a change in the general level of prices .
so in both cases [combine] output will remain at its natural level in the face of a change in the general level of prices .

On the other hand , if we assume that there is imperfect information , in the sense that suppliers and demanders know the current price for the good on their island but only get to know the price in other markets with a one-period time lag , the relationship between aggregate supply and the general level of prices becomes much more subtle .
on the other hand , if we assume that there is imperfect information , in the sense that suppliers and demanders know the current price for the good on their island but only get to know the price in other markets with a one-period time lag , the relationship between [combine] supply and the general level of prices becomes much more subtle .

So the aggregate level of output will be above its natural level if the average price level is above the economy-wide expectation of it , below it if the average price level is below the economy-wide expectation of it , and equal to its natural level if the average level of prices equals the economy-wide expectation of it .
so the [combine] level of output will be above its natural level if the average price level is above the economy-wide expectation of it , below it if the average price level is below the economy-wide expectation of it , and equal to its natural level if the average level of prices equals the economy-wide expectation of it .

For an economy such as the one we have imagined in which there is imperfect information in the sense we have described , the relationship between aggregate supply and the general level of prices can be depicted as it is in figure 4.3 .
for an economy such as the one we have imagined in which there is imperfect information in the sense we have described , the relationship between [combine] supply and the general level of prices can be depicted as it is in figure 4.3 .

The aggregate natural level of output is labelled y n .
the [combine] natural level of output is labelled y n .

The vertical line from y n shows the relationship between output and the price level when the actual price level is correctly forecast — the long-run aggregate supply curve .
the vertical line from y n shows the relationship between output and the price level when the actual price level is correctly forecast — the long-run [combine] supply curve .

As we have shown , correct expectations imply that aggregate output will equal its natural level .
as we have shown , correct expectations imply that [combine] output will equal its natural level .

This aggregate supply curve is of fundamental importance to the macroeconomic policy conclusions often drawn from the rational expectations hypothesis .
this [combine] supply curve is of fundamental importance to the macroeconomic policy conclusions often drawn from the rational expectations hypothesis .

To understand this result we have to combine the aggregate demand curve derived in section 4.1 with our aggregate supply curve and consider how the equilibrium level of prices and the equilibrium level of real output are determined .
to understand this result we have to combine the [combine] demand curve derived in section 4.1 with our [combine] supply curve and consider how the equilibrium level of prices and the equilibrium level of real output are determined .

But this is not the only possible way in which the economy might respond to the upward shift of the aggregate demand curve .
but this is not the only possible way in which the economy might respond to the upward shift of the [combine] demand curve .

While these two possibilities are interesting special cases they by no means exhaust the ways in which the economy could respond to the shift in the aggregate demand curve that we have assumed .
while these two possibilities are interesting special cases they by no means exhaust the ways in which the economy could respond to the shift in the [combine] demand curve that we have assumed .

The important point for our purposes is that until some assumption is made about the generally expected price level we can not rule out any response of the economy to the upward shift in the aggregate demand curve .
the important point for our purposes is that until some assumption is made about the generally expected price level we can not rule out any response of the economy to the upward shift in the [combine] demand curve .

As we show in the next section , the assumption that expectations of the general price level are rational severely restricts the possible ways in which the economy can respond to the assumed change in aggregate demand .
as we show in the next section , the assumption that expectations of the general price level are rational severely restricts the possible ways in which the economy can respond to the assumed change in [combine] demand .

The variable we are interested in here is the variable which has caused the shift in the aggregate demand curve .
the variable we are interested in here is the variable which has caused the shift in the [combine] demand curve .

What does matter is that if we view that variable and all other variables affecting the aggregate demand curve as being determined by processes , the aggregate demand curve itself can be seen as the result of a process and shifts in the aggregate demand curve occur in line with that process .
what does matter is that if we view that variable and all other variables affecting the [combine] demand curve as being determined by processes , the [combine] demand curve itself can be seen as the result of a process and shifts in the [combine] demand curve occur in line with that process .

The signal she wishes to extract , or the information she wants , is the precise size of the random aggregate influence on her good in that period and the precise size of the random relative demand influence .
the signal she wishes to extract , or the information she wants , is the precise size of the random [combine] influence on her good in that period and the precise size of the random relative demand influence .

The result , which we obtain there , is that in general it will be rational for agents to infer from an own price higher than initially expected that there have been both positive aggregate and positive relative demand shocks .
the result , which we obtain there , is that in general it will be rational for agents to infer from an own price higher than initially expected that there have been both positive [combine] and positive relative demand shocks .

As a result a random increase in aggregate demand is likely to produce a positive deviation of aggregate output from its natural level .
as a result a random increase in [combine] demand is likely to produce a positive deviation of [combine] output from its natural level .

By a similar argument a random decrease in aggregate demand will cause the typical agent to find the price in her market lower than she was initially expecting ; she will partly ( mistakenly ) infer from this that her relative price is low and will supply less output .
by a similar argument a random decrease in [combine] demand will cause the typical agent to find the price in her market lower than she was initially expecting ; she will partly ( mistakenly ) infer from this that her relative price is low and will supply less output .

We can now state the central result of applying the rational expectations hypothesis to the aggregate demand — aggregate supply model that we have been using in this chapter .
we can now state the central result of applying the rational expectations hypothesis to the [combine] demand — [combine] supply model that we have been using in this chapter .

Changes in desired nominal spending , that is shifts in the aggregate demand curve , can affect real output even when expectations are rational , but only if those changes in aggregate demand are random and unpredictable .
changes in desired nominal spending , that is shifts in the [combine] demand curve , can affect real output even when expectations are rational , but only if those changes in [combine] demand are random and unpredictable .

Predictable , systematic changes in aggregate demand will affect prices but not output .
predictable , systematic changes in [combine] demand will affect prices but not output .

Under rational expectations , movements in aggregate demand can affect real output if those movements are random because , faced with an unexpectedly high price for the good on her island , the typical supplier will at least partly infer that there has been some positive , relative demand shock on her island .
under rational expectations , movements in [combine] demand can affect real output if those movements are random because , faced with an unexpectedly high price for the good on her island , the typical supplier will at least partly infer that there has been some positive , relative demand shock on her island .

The reason why a rational person would draw this inference is that an unexpectedly high price can be due to a positive aggregate demand shock or a positive relative demand shock , and it can of course arise from a combination of the two .
the reason why a rational person would draw this inference is that an unexpectedly high price can be due to a positive [combine] demand shock or a positive relative demand shock , and it can of course arise from a combination of the two .

And if these random shocks in aggregate and relative demand are normally distributed so that larger ( absolute ) values are less likely to occur than smaller ones , it is rational to infer from an unexpectedly high price in any market that this is due partly to a positive aggregate demand shock and partly to a positive relative demand shock .
and if these random shocks in [combine] and relative demand are normally distributed so that larger ( absolute ) values are less likely to occur than smaller ones , it is rational to infer from an unexpectedly high price in any market that this is due partly to a positive [combine] demand shock and partly to a positive relative demand shock .

Similarly , an unexpectedly low price will be attributed partly to a negative aggregate demand shock and partly to a negative relative demand shock .
similarly , an unexpectedly low price will be attributed partly to a negative [combine] demand shock and partly to a negative relative demand shock .

( The assumption that large ( absolute ) shocks are less likely than small ones makes it irrational to infer from an unexpectedly high price that there has been a negative shock to , say , aggregate demand outweighed by a large positive shock to relative demand . )
( the assumption that large ( absolute ) shocks are less likely than small ones makes it irrational to infer from an unexpectedly high price that there has been a negative shock to , say , [combine] demand outweighed by a large positive shock to relative demand . )

The question now becomes that of deciding what precise proportion of any unexpectedly high price is due to the aggregate demand shock and what proportion is due to the relative demand shock .
the question now becomes that of deciding what precise proportion of any unexpectedly high price is due to the [combine] demand shock and what proportion is due to the relative demand shock .

The precise answer to this question requires a mathematical statement of the model , which we leave until later in this chapter , but the general answer , which both has policy implications and can serve as the basis for a subtle test of the model , is this : under rational expectations the proportions of any unexpectedly high price which are attributed to the aggregate and relative demand shocks respectively should be based on the true process determining that unexpectedly high price ; that is , on the true likelihood of any unexpectedly high price being due to a random aggregate demand increase or to a favourable relative demand shock .
the precise answer to this question requires a mathematical statement of the model , which we leave until later in this chapter , but the general answer , which both has policy implications and can serve as the basis for a subtle test of the model , is this : under rational expectations the proportions of any unexpectedly high price which are attributed to the [combine] and relative demand shocks respectively should be based on the true process determining that unexpectedly high price ; that is , on the true likelihood of any unexpectedly high price being due to a random [combine] demand increase or to a favourable relative demand shock .

So , in an economy in which relative demand shocks are typically smaller than aggregate demand shocks , the rational agent would attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a positive aggregate demand shock — that , from knowledge of the economy , is the more likely reason .
so , in an economy in which relative demand shocks are typically smaller than [combine] demand shocks , the rational agent would attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a positive [combine] demand shock — that , from knowledge of the economy , is the more likely reason .

But in an economy in which the reverse is true and relative demand shocks are large compared to aggregate demand shocks it would be rational to attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a relative demand shock — that , again , is the more likely reason .
but in an economy in which the reverse is true and relative demand shocks are large compared to [combine] demand shocks it would be rational to attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a relative demand shock — that , again , is the more likely reason .

Therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .
therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile [combine] demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an [combine] demand shock ; economies with highly stable [combine] demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an [combine] demand shock .

But , as we showed earlier , if a positive aggregate demand shock occurs , and if the unexpectedly high local price to which it leads is attributed by agents wholly to an aggregate demand shock , then that movement in aggregate demand , although it is random , will have no effect on real output ; it will merely induce a change in the expected and actual level of prices .
but , as we showed earlier , if a positive [combine] demand shock occurs , and if the unexpectedly high local price to which it leads is attributed by agents wholly to an [combine] demand shock , then that movement in [combine] demand , although it is random , will have no effect on real output ; it will merely induce a change in the expected and actual level of prices .

On the other hand , if the same shock to aggregate demand occurs and is attributed by agents wholly to a relative demand movement , then that aggregate demand shock will have its maximum impact on real output .
on the other hand , if the same shock to [combine] demand occurs and is attributed by agents wholly to a relative demand movement , then that [combine] demand shock will have its maximum impact on real output .

In general , the higher the proportion of unexpected local price movements attributed to aggregate demand shocks the smaller the effect on real output of any aggregate demand shock .
in general , the higher the proportion of unexpected local price movements attributed to [combine] demand shocks the smaller the effect on real output of any [combine] demand shock .

And from our analysis of the signal extraction problem we can deduce that economies with highly volatile aggregate demand will be economies in which a high proportion of unexpected local price movements are attributed to aggregate demand shocks , and will therefore be economies in which shocks to aggregate demand have little impact on real output .
and from our analysis of the signal extraction problem we can deduce that economies with highly volatile [combine] demand will be economies in which a high proportion of unexpected local price movements are attributed to [combine] demand shocks , and will therefore be economies in which shocks to [combine] demand have little impact on real output .

This reconciliation suggests that systematic movements in aggregate demand will have no effect on real variables such as output or employment .
this reconciliation suggests that systematic movements in [combine] demand will have no effect on real variables such as output or employment .

However , random aggregate demand movements can induce changes in these real variables : they do so by causing rational agents to become temporarily confused between relative and aggregate demand shocks .
however , random [combine] demand movements can induce changes in these real variables : they do so by causing rational agents to become temporarily confused between relative and [combine] demand shocks .

The extent to which such confusion occurs is related to the volatility of relative and aggregate demand shocks .
the extent to which such confusion occurs is related to the volatility of relative and [combine] demand shocks .

In this section we present a formal statement of the simplified rational expectations aggregate supply and demand model discussed above .
in this section we present a formal statement of the simplified rational expectations [combine] supply and demand model discussed above .

Remember that the information available in the th market at the beginning of period t includes knowledge of all past aggregate and local variables and of p ( ) t , but does not include knowledge of any other current price .
remember that the information available in the th market at the beginning of period t includes knowledge of all past [combine] and local variables and of p ( ) t , but does not include knowledge of any other current price .

This equation states that the major influence on demand in the th market is the expected real quantity of money holdings of consumers in the th market ; that is , their actual nominal holdings deflated by their expectation of the aggregate price level .
this equation states that the major influence on demand in the th market is the expected real quantity of money holdings of consumers in the th market ; that is , their actual nominal holdings deflated by their expectation of the [combine] price level .

The first of these influences represents the influence of aggregate demand since the key term , m t , is an economy-wide average : its influence is not specific to one particular market — it affects all markets and hence is not indexed on .
the first of these influences represents the influence of [combine] demand since the key term , m t , is an economy-wide average : its influence is not specific to one particular market — it affects all markets and hence is not indexed on .

In terms of the aggregate demand curve developed in section 4.1 this specification is a simplification : it ignores the influence on aggregate demand of variables other than the quantity of money .
in terms of the [combine] demand curve developed in section 4.1 this specification is a simplification : it ignores the influence on [combine] demand of variables other than the quantity of money .

At the end of period t - 1 the best guess any agent can make of the values of v t and t ( z ) t the aggregate and relative demand shocks in the coming period , is that they will be zero .
at the end of period t - 1 the best guess any agent can make of the values of v t and t ( z ) t the [combine] and relative demand shocks in the coming period , is that they will be zero .

That is , he observes the combined impact on his local price of the current aggregate and relative demand shocks .
that is , he observes the combined impact on his local price of the current [combine] and relative demand shocks .

The equivalent expression for aggregate or average output , γ t , is or , more conveniently ,
the equivalent expression for [combine] or average output , γ t , is or , more conveniently ,

The model 's implications for inflation and the Phillips curve can be also be shown formally . The solutions for the π 's suggest that the solution for the aggregate price level is :
the model 's implications for inflation and the phillips curve can be also be shown formally . the solutions for the π 's suggest that the solution for the [combine] price level is :

Expected inflation , can be defined as once again , this follows from the fact that p is defined as a logarithm and hence the difference between the expected logarithm of the price level in period t and the logarithm of the actual price level in period t - 1 is a measure of the expected rate of change of actual prices between the two periods . The economy-wide expectation of the aggregate price level is given by summing equation ( 4.11 ) over : which we can rewrite as :
expected inflation , can be defined as once again , this follows from the fact that p is defined as a logarithm and hence the difference between the expected logarithm of the price level in period t and the logarithm of the actual price level in period t - 1 is a measure of the expected rate of change of actual prices between the two periods . the economy-wide expectation of the [combine] price level is given by summing equation ( 4.11 ) over : which we can rewrite as :

Thus aggregate output is equal to its natural rate , β and some positive function of the difference between actual and expected inflation .
thus [combine] output is equal to its natural rate , β and some positive function of the difference between actual and expected inflation .

The essence of the flaw is that as the process by which aggregate demand is determined becomes known and therefore predictable , rational people will predict the changes in aggregate demand that governments engineer .
the essence of the flaw is that as the process by which [combine] demand is determined becomes known and therefore predictable , rational people will predict the changes in [combine] demand that governments engineer .

And as we have seen , predicted changes in aggregate demand will have no effect on real output , or real economic activity — they will only affect prices .
and as we have seen , predicted changes in [combine] demand will have no effect on real output , or real economic activity — they will only affect prices .

Thus Keynesian economic policy is either impotent — or approaching impotence — as the process by which aggregate demand is determined becomes known .
thus keynesian economic policy is either impotent — or approaching impotence — as the process by which [combine] demand is determined becomes known .

This impotence is inherent in the Keynesian approach to policy and not merely a feature of a specific version of that approach ; for by its very nature it makes government influences on aggregate demand predictable in that it links government policy changes to the current or past state of the economy .
this impotence is inherent in the keynesian approach to policy and not merely a feature of a specific version of that approach ; for by its very nature it makes government influences on [combine] demand predictable in that it links government policy changes to the current or past state of the economy .

The only possible way in which a government might try to use its ability to affect aggregate demand , in order to influence the level of aggregate output , would be to introduce random movements in its policies and hence random movements in aggregate demand which , as we have shown above , would produce deviations of aggregate output away from its natural level .
the only possible way in which a government might try to use its ability to affect [combine] demand , in order to influence the level of [combine] output , would be to introduce random movements in its policies and hence random movements in [combine] demand which , as we have shown above , would produce deviations of [combine] output away from its natural level .

Therefore a key implication of the rational expectations hypothesis when combined with the aggregate demand — aggregate supply model developed above is that the Keynesian approach to macroeconomic stabilization policy is badly flawed .
therefore a key implication of the rational expectations hypothesis when combined with the [combine] demand — [combine] supply model developed above is that the keynesian approach to macroeconomic stabilization policy is badly flawed .

We also derived the result that aggregate output , y t , would be disturbed from its natural level , β only by the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , v t .
we also derived the result that [combine] output , y t , would be disturbed from its natural level , β only by the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , v t .

However , within the simple aggregate supply and demand framework that we have developed above it has always been possible to show that , if expectations of inflation are not rational , then Friedman 's x per cent growth rule for the quantity of money will be inferior to some other policy which links monetary growth to the current or past state of the economy .
however , within the simple [combine] supply and demand framework that we have developed above it has always been possible to show that , if expectations of inflation are not rational , then friedman 's x per cent growth rule for the quantity of money will be inferior to some other policy which links monetary growth to the current or past state of the economy .

Then , if there is , for whatever reason , a large permanent fall in aggregate demand there will be an immediate fall in prices and a drop in output .
then , if there is , for whatever reason , a large permanent fall in [combine] demand there will be an immediate fall in prices and a drop in output .

But if expectations are rational then this superiority disappears , for if the fall in aggregate demand assumed above were predictable , it would have no effect on real output and would not need to be countered by a change of monetary policy .
but if expectations are rational then this superiority disappears , for if the fall in [combine] demand assumed above were predictable , it would have no effect on real output and would not need to be countered by a change of monetary policy .

And if it were unpredictable , then while it would have an immediate effect on output , this could not be prevented by government policy since the government would not be able to foresee the fall in aggregate demand .
and if it were unpredictable , then while it would have an immediate effect on output , this could not be prevented by government policy since the government would not be able to foresee the fall in [combine] demand .

The result that Friedman 's approach to monetary policy is no longer inferior to a more ‘ flexible ’ approach , once one incorporates rational expectations into the basic aggregate supply and demand model , was demonstrated more formally and generally by Sargent and Wallace ( 1975 ) and is sometimes known as the Sargent-Wallace proposition .
the result that friedman 's approach to monetary policy is no longer inferior to a more ‘ flexible ’ approach , once one incorporates rational expectations into the basic [combine] supply and demand model , was demonstrated more formally and generally by sargent and wallace ( 1975 ) and is sometimes known as the sargent-wallace proposition .

Some additional support for a simple x per cent rule for the money supply is provided by the analysis explained earlier about the volatility of aggregate demand .
some additional support for a simple x per cent rule for the money supply is provided by the analysis explained earlier about the volatility of [combine] demand .

For that analysis suggests that if aggregate demand shocks are kept to a minimum , ideally at zero , economic agents will be best able to recognize and respond to relative demand shocks even though they do not observe any other current prices than their own .
for that analysis suggests that if [combine] demand shocks are kept to a minimum , ideally at zero , economic agents will be best able to recognize and respond to relative demand shocks even though they do not observe any other current prices than their own .

This is , of course , because , in the absence of aggregate demand shocks , any unexpectedly high price must be due to a relative demand shock .
this is , of course , because , in the absence of [combine] demand shocks , any unexpectedly high price must be due to a relative demand shock .

The more predictable aggregate demand is , the less will rational agents be fooled into supplying quantities of output that they would not have supplied had they had perfect information .
the more predictable [combine] demand is , the less will rational agents be fooled into supplying quantities of output that they would not have supplied had they had perfect information .

In this sense the more predictable aggregate demand is , the more efficient the economy is .
in this sense the more predictable [combine] demand is , the more efficient the economy is .

If monetary policy is the key influence on aggregate demand then since the x per cent rule is extremely easy to understand aggregate demand will be highly predictable , provided of course that the authorities are successful in adhering to their rule .
if monetary policy is the key influence on [combine] demand then since the x per cent rule is extremely easy to understand [combine] demand will be highly predictable , provided of course that the authorities are successful in adhering to their rule .

On the contrary , they will change their method of forming expectations in line with the process announced for determining the money supply and hence aggregate demand .
on the contrary , they will change their method of forming expectations in line with the process announced for determining the money supply and hence [combine] demand .

Within the aggregate supply — aggregate demand framework of this chapter such a relationship can be seen to occur because if aggregate demand increases and firms can sell their goods for a higher price , they can afford to offer workers higher nominal wages .
within the [combine] supply — [combine] demand framework of this chapter such a relationship can be seen to occur because if [combine] demand increases and firms can sell their goods for a higher price , they can afford to offer workers higher nominal wages .

However , this is only true if the aggregate demand change and associated price change are unanticipated .
however , this is only true if the [combine] demand change and associated price change are unanticipated .

Given that expectations of inflation are zero , and hence the relevant Phillips curve is what is the maximum popularity the government can achieve through manipulation of monetary or aggregate demand policy ?
given that expectations of inflation are zero , and hence the relevant phillips curve is what is the maximum popularity the government can achieve through manipulation of monetary or [combine] demand policy ?

For a full equilibrium two conditions must be fulfilled : first the economy must be at the natural level of unemployment , where expectations of inflation are correct ; and second the government must have no incentive to fool people by stimulating aggregate demand .
for a full equilibrium two conditions must be fulfilled : first the economy must be at the natural level of unemployment , where expectations of inflation are correct ; and second the government must have no incentive to fool people by stimulating [combine] demand .

Shifts in aggregate demand will affect real output if they are random and unpredictable .
shifts in [combine] demand will affect real output if they are random and unpredictable .

Furthermore , such shifts will have less effect on output the more unpredictable aggregate demand is .
furthermore , such shifts will have less effect on output the more unpredictable [combine] demand is .

Attempts to stabilize an economy 's real output by systematic manipulation of aggregate demand will fail since , by making aggregate demand predictable , they also render it ineffective .
attempts to stabilize an economy 's real output by systematic manipulation of [combine] demand will fail since , by making [combine] demand predictable , they also render it ineffective .

In this first category we consider three main criticisms : ( a ) that the model developed in chapter 4 can not account for a major feature of all economies ; ( b ) that the model relies for all its results on very simple specifications of the aggregate supply and demand curves ; and ( c ) that even if one accepts the model as it stands governments might effectively stabilize the economy if they possess better information about the economy than the private sector , or indeed if different parts of the private sector possess different information .
in this first category we consider three main criticisms : ( a ) that the model developed in chapter 4 can not account for a major feature of all economies ; ( b ) that the model relies for all its results on very simple specifications of the [combine] supply and demand curves ; and ( c ) that even if one accepts the model as it stands governments might effectively stabilize the economy if they possess better information about the economy than the private sector , or indeed if different parts of the private sector possess different information .

( a ) Serial correlation in aggregate real variables
( a ) serial correlation in [combine] real variables

The model developed so far suggests that only random movements in aggregate demand will cause real aggregate output to deviate from its natural or normal level .
the model developed so far suggests that only random movements in [combine] demand will cause real [combine] output to deviate from its natural or normal level .

These random movements in aggregate demand are of course unpredictable and exhibit no clear pattern .
these random movements in [combine] demand are of course unpredictable and exhibit no clear pattern .

But it is a common and easily observed fact that measures of aggregate output in any economy tend to be positively serially correlated ; that is , a higher than average value for aggregate output in any period is more often than not followed by a higher than average value next period and , similarly , a low value in any period is more likely to be followed by another low one than by a high one .
but it is a common and easily observed fact that measures of [combine] output in any economy tend to be positively serially correlated ; that is , a higher than average value for [combine] output in any period is more often than not followed by a higher than average value next period and , similarly , a low value in any period is more likely to be followed by another low one than by a high one .

This persistence might be seen as an obvious contradiction of the prediction that deviations of output from its natural level should be random and hence a clear refutation of the rational expectations version of the aggregate supply and demand model developed above .
this persistence might be seen as an obvious contradiction of the prediction that deviations of output from its natural level should be random and hence a clear refutation of the rational expectations version of the [combine] supply and demand model developed above .

Such modification involves specifying some form of propagation mechanism which converts serially uncorrelated shifts in aggregate demand into serially correlated movements in aggregate output .
such modification involves specifying some form of propagation mechanism which converts serially uncorrelated shifts in [combine] demand into serially correlated movements in [combine] output .

But this implies that a single random increase in aggregate demand in the current period can set up a serially correlated movement or boom in real output over a number of subsequent periods .
but this implies that a single random increase in [combine] demand in the current period can set up a serially correlated movement or boom in real output over a number of subsequent periods .

Similarly , a single random decrease in aggregate demand could set up a multiperiod recession ( see Blinder and Fischer , 1981 ; Demery and Duck , 1985 ; Duck , 1986 ) .
similarly , a single random decrease in [combine] demand could set up a multiperiod recession ( see blinder and fischer , 1981 ; demery and duck , 1985 ; duck , 1986 ) .

It will still be the case that only random aggregate demand will affect real output , and the more unpredictable aggregate demand is , the less effect it has on output .
it will still be the case that only random [combine] demand will affect real output , and the more unpredictable [combine] demand is , the less effect it has on output .

So , in this case too , a random increase in aggregate demand will typically produce a ‘ strung out ’ response in aggregate output .
so , in this case too , a random increase in [combine] demand will typically produce a ‘ strung out ’ response in [combine] output .

If supply is modelled as a function of this ‘ intertemporal ’ relative price term , one implication is that a permanent rise in the rate of growth of aggregate demand and hence in the rate of inflation may permanently reduce the quantity of output supplied , since it permanently reduces the real rate of return on holding the proceeds from sales in the form of money .
if supply is modelled as a function of this ‘ intertemporal ’ relative price term , one implication is that a permanent rise in the rate of growth of [combine] demand and hence in the rate of inflation may permanently reduce the quantity of output supplied , since it permanently reduces the real rate of return on holding the proceeds from sales in the form of money .

Thus fully anticipated changes in the rate of growth of aggregate demand may affect the level of real output even where expectations are rational .
thus fully anticipated changes in the rate of growth of [combine] demand may affect the level of real output even where expectations are rational .

The first modification is to respecify the relative price term in the supply function as and allow a similar term to influence demand ; the second is to respecify the major influence on aggregate demand as where is the expectation of the change in the money stock between periods t and t + 1 .
the first modification is to respecify the relative price term in the supply function as and allow a similar term to influence demand ; the second is to respecify the major influence on [combine] demand as where is the expectation of the change in the money stock between periods t and t + 1 .

Equations ( 5.1 ) and ( 5.2 ) have already been explained : t is the aggregate demand shock which is assumed to follow the ‘ random walk ’ process shown in equation ( 5.3 ) , that is it equals its value in the previous period plus t , a serially uncorrelated random error with zero mean and constant variance .
equations ( 5.1 ) and ( 5.2 ) have already been explained : t is the [combine] demand shock which is assumed to follow the ‘ random walk ’ process shown in equation ( 5.3 ) , that is it equals its value in the previous period plus t , a serially uncorrelated random error with zero mean and constant variance .

Equation ( 5.4 ) is a respecification of the process driving the quantity of money : it assumes that the quantity of money in period t equals its value in period t - 1 plus a constant , g , plus a function of the shocks to aggregate demand in periods t - 1 and t - 2 .
equation ( 5.4 ) is a respecification of the process driving the quantity of money : it assumes that the quantity of money in period t equals its value in period t - 1 plus a constant , g , plus a function of the shocks to [combine] demand in periods t - 1 and t - 2 .

The aggregate equivalent of equation ( 5.13 ) is simply
the [combine] equivalent of equation ( 5.13 ) is simply

However , the method by which a change in predictable monetary growth leads to a change in aggregate real output is not the familiar one — a higher rate of growth does not fool people into supplying more output .
however , the method by which a change in predictable monetary growth leads to a change in [combine] real output is not the familiar one — a higher rate of growth does not fool people into supplying more output .

This suggests that governments can use monetary policy to stabilize output by appropriate selection of γ 2 that is , by appropriately selecting the link between the money stock and the aggregate demand shock two periods before .
this suggests that governments can use monetary policy to stabilize output by appropriate selection of γ 2 that is , by appropriately selecting the link between the money stock and the [combine] demand shock two periods before .

He considered the link between the money stock and aggregate demand shock only one period before , that is the policy parameter γ 1 and found , as we have , that the size of that policy parameter was unimportant .
he considered the link between the money stock and [combine] demand shock only one period before , that is the policy parameter γ 1 and found , as we have , that the size of that policy parameter was unimportant .

But this is true only of stabilization which links the money stock to last period 's aggregate demand shock ; it is not true in the more general case in which the money stock is linked to earlier aggregate demand shocks .
but this is true only of stabilization which links the money stock to last period 's [combine] demand shock ; it is not true in the more general case in which the money stock is linked to earlier [combine] demand shocks .

We might think of this full information value of output , , as the value of output which government policy is trying to achieve even though there is not full information ; or , more loosely , one might think of it or its aggregate equivalent as the natural level of output .
we might think of this full information value of output , , as the value of output which government policy is trying to achieve even though there is not full information ; or , more loosely , one might think of it or its [combine] equivalent as the natural level of output .

This immunity arises because any aggregate demand disturbance will induce the government to change the money supply in such a way as to nullify the effect of the aggregate demand disturbance on the future price level .
this immunity arises because any [combine] demand disturbance will induce the government to change the money supply in such a way as to nullify the effect of the [combine] demand disturbance on the future price level .

So an aggregate demand disturbance in period t will raise prices in period t but leave prices in period t + 1 unchanged .
so an [combine] demand disturbance in period t will raise prices in period t but leave prices in period t + 1 unchanged .

In such circumstances agents do not have to concern themselves with whether an unexpectedly high price in period t is due to a relative or aggregate demand shock .
in such circumstances agents do not have to concern themselves with whether an unexpectedly high price in period t is due to a relative or [combine] demand shock .

So by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .
so by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between [combine] and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .

Selecting a value for γ 1 can not achieve the same result because such a policy leaves the distinction between an aggregate and a relative demand shock no less important than before : a positive relative demand shock will raise current prices above expected future ones ; a positive aggregate demand shock will not .
selecting a value for γ 1 can not achieve the same result because such a policy leaves the distinction between an [combine] and a relative demand shock no less important than before : a positive relative demand shock will raise current prices above expected future ones ; a positive [combine] demand shock will not .

For example , if γ 1 is -1 then a positive aggregate demand shock in period t , will imply expected values for and for lower , ceteris paribus , by an amount - t .
for example , if γ 1 is -1 then a positive [combine] demand shock in period t , will imply expected values for and for lower , ceteris paribus , by an amount - t .

This will be true whatever the value of γ 1 ; therefore whatever value of γ 1 is selected it can not make the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks any less important .
this will be true whatever the value of γ 1 ; therefore whatever value of γ 1 is selected it can not make the distinction between [combine] and relative demand shocks any less important .

By linking monetary policy to further lags in aggregate demand shocks one can establish a potential role for monetary policy even within Barro 's rational expectations framework .
by linking monetary policy to further lags in [combine] demand shocks one can establish a potential role for monetary policy even within barro 's rational expectations framework .

Imagine a random decrease in aggregate demand which , for the private sector , is unpredictable .
imagine a random decrease in [combine] demand which , for the private sector , is unpredictable .

In the absence of any change in government policy this unpredictable downward shift in the aggregate demand curve would induce a fall in real output .
in the absence of any change in government policy this unpredictable downward shift in the [combine] demand curve would induce a fall in real output .

If the downward shift in aggregate demand was also unpredictable to the government , then clearly the government could take no steps to offset it .
if the downward shift in [combine] demand was also unpredictable to the government , then clearly the government could take no steps to offset it .

Provided that the government acted efficiently , the result would be that the aggregate demand curve would not shift down : the tendency for it to do so would be offset by government action .
provided that the government acted efficiently , the result would be that the [combine] demand curve would not shift down : the tendency for it to do so would be offset by government action .

There is no inconsistency between this result and rational expectations : as far as the private sector is concerned there has been a negative unpredictable random movement in private-sector aggregate demand offset by a positive , unpredictable random movement in the money supply or government spending .
there is no inconsistency between this result and rational expectations : as far as the private sector is concerned there has been a negative unpredictable random movement in private-sector [combine] demand offset by a positive , unpredictable random movement in the money supply or government spending .

Further influences on demand are a relative demand shock , and a private-sector aggregate demand shock , t which is assumed to follow the process shown in equation ( 5.3 ) .
further influences on demand are a relative demand shock , and a private-sector [combine] demand shock , t which is assumed to follow the process shown in equation ( 5.3 ) .

In fact , in the simple case above , the optimum setting for this parameter is - 1 , for then aggregate demand shocks cause no change in either actual or full information output .
in fact , in the simple case above , the optimum setting for this parameter is - 1 , for then [combine] demand shocks cause no change in either actual or full information output .

The reason for this is that with γ t set to - 1 a shock increase to aggregate demand , that is a positive value for t , will induce the authorities to reduce next period 's money supply by an amount equal to - t .
the reason for this is that with γ t set to - 1 a shock increase to [combine] demand , that is a positive value for t , will induce the authorities to reduce next period 's money supply by an amount equal to - t .

Since aggregate demand policies are decided on the basis of the information available at the end of period t - 1 , it follows that the systematic component of aggregate demand will , as before , have no effect on real output .
since [combine] demand policies are decided on the basis of the information available at the end of period t - 1 , it follows that the systematic component of [combine] demand will , as before , have no effect on real output .

For , by definition , the systematic element in aggregate demand can be predicted at the end of period t - 1 and will be reflected purely in the prices firms set at the end of that period for the next period .
for , by definition , the systematic element in [combine] demand can be predicted at the end of period t - 1 and will be reflected purely in the prices firms set at the end of that period for the next period .

The stickiness in prices assumed in the model is not sufficiently severe to change the key result of chapter 4 : only the random component of aggregate demand can affect real output .
the stickiness in prices assumed in the model is not sufficiently severe to change the key result of chapter 4 : only the random component of [combine] demand can affect real output .

Given the existence of an aggregate production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production function .
given the existence of an [combine] production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production function .

Equation ( 5.30 ) is the aggregate supply curve : firms will produce more output if the price level is higher than that expected by workers or their trade union .
equation ( 5.30 ) is the [combine] supply curve : firms will produce more output if the price level is higher than that expected by workers or their trade union .

Now assume a simple aggregate demand function of the following form : where m t is the logarithm of the money supply in period t ; and v t is an aggregate demand shock .
now assume a simple [combine] demand function of the following form : where m t is the logarithm of the money supply in period t ; and v t is an [combine] demand shock .

Setting aggregate demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) equal to aggregate supply ( equation ( 5.30 ) ) and solving for the price level we obtain
setting [combine] demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) equal to [combine] supply ( equation ( 5.30 ) ) and solving for the price level we obtain

As with the McCallum model we shall begin by illustrating the models with the use of the aggregate supply and demand model of chapter 4 , and follow this with a more formal presentation of the model .
as with the mccallum model we shall begin by illustrating the models with the use of the [combine] supply and demand model of chapter 4 , and follow this with a more formal presentation of the model .

As with the formal McCallum model above , the level of employment for both groups of workers is determined by the demand for labour , so the aggregate level of employment is given by since w t ( the aggregate wage ) is defined as .
as with the formal mccallum model above , the level of employment for both groups of workers is determined by the demand for labour , so the [combine] level of employment is given by since w t ( the [combine] wage ) is defined as .

Given an aggregate production function of the form we can substitute the relevant rows of equation ( 5.37 ) into equation ( 5.36 ) , and substitute the resulting expressions into the production function to give : where we again have assumed for simplicity that αβ = 1 .
given an [combine] production function of the form we can substitute the relevant rows of equation ( 5.37 ) into equation ( 5.36 ) , and substitute the resulting expressions into the production function to give : where we again have assumed for simplicity that αβ = 1 .

Assume again a simple aggregate demand curve of the form given in equation ( 5.31 ) , which we repeat here for convenience :
assume again a simple [combine] demand curve of the form given in equation ( 5.31 ) , which we repeat here for convenience :

Setting aggregate supply ( equation ( 5.38 ) ) equal to aggregate demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) we obtain an expression for the price level :
setting [combine] supply ( equation ( 5.38 ) ) equal to [combine] demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) we obtain an expression for the price level :

By substituting equations ( 5.42 ) , ( 5.41 ) and ( 5.40 ) into the expression for aggregate supply , equation ( 5.38 ) , we obtain the solution :
by substituting equations ( 5.42 ) , ( 5.41 ) and ( 5.40 ) into the expression for [combine] supply , equation ( 5.38 ) , we obtain the solution :

This states that other non-monetary effects on aggregate demand ( such as private investment expenditure ) are determined by their values in the previous period plus a random or surprise term .
this states that other non-monetary effects on [combine] demand ( such as private investment expenditure ) are determined by their values in the previous period plus a random or surprise term .

Now imagine that the authorities followed a simple rule linking the money supply in period t to the aggregate demand shock in period . The rule we shall consider is
now imagine that the authorities followed a simple rule linking the money supply in period t to the [combine] demand shock in period . the rule we shall consider is

Thus the monetary authorities could reduce the variation in output by adopting a simple rule that links the level of money supply to the lagged shock to aggregate demand , and this dominates the more simple rule that just set money supply equal to a constant that was independent of the state of aggregate demand .
thus the monetary authorities could reduce the variation in output by adopting a simple rule that links the level of money supply to the lagged shock to [combine] demand , and this dominates the more simple rule that just set money supply equal to a constant that was independent of the state of [combine] demand .

After all , it seems likely that the form of wage and price rigidity in an economy will reflect the economic environment , one component of which is likely to be the behaviour of aggregate demand .
after all , it seems likely that the form of wage and price rigidity in an economy will reflect the economic environment , one component of which is likely to be the behaviour of [combine] demand .

For example , in the two-period model described in the previous section it would seem likely that if aggregate demand became more volatile firms would become much more reluctant to agree to set prices two periods in advance , and so perhaps they would set prices only one period in advance : the nature of price rigidity would change in response to a change in the economic environment .
for example , in the two-period model described in the previous section it would seem likely that if [combine] demand became more volatile firms would become much more reluctant to agree to set prices two periods in advance , and so perhaps they would set prices only one period in advance : the nature of price rigidity would change in response to a change in the economic environment .

The Lucas paper , which we cover in section 6.1 , concentrates on testing the prediction of the model developed in chapter 4 that the more unpredictable aggregate demand is , the less is the effect on real output of any given unpredictable movement in aggregate demand .
the lucas paper , which we cover in section 6.1 , concentrates on testing the prediction of the model developed in chapter 4 that the more unpredictable [combine] demand is , the less is the effect on real output of any given unpredictable movement in [combine] demand .

Barro focused on the other major prediction of that model : that only the unpredictable movement in aggregate demand affects real variables such as output and unemployment — his contribution is discussed in section 6.2 .
barro focused on the other major prediction of that model : that only the unpredictable movement in [combine] demand affects real variables such as output and unemployment — his contribution is discussed in section 6.2 .

The model developed in chapter 4 suggested that only the unpredictable component of aggregate demand would cause output to deviate from its natural level , and the more unpredictable it was the less effect it would have on the deviation of real output from its natural rate .
the model developed in chapter 4 suggested that only the unpredictable component of [combine] demand would cause output to deviate from its natural level , and the more unpredictable it was the less effect it would have on the deviation of real output from its natural rate .

Formally , we could write a simple version of that model ( see , for example , equation ( 4.14 ) as where y t is the aggregate real output , is the natural level of output , v t is the unpredictable component of aggregate demand , is the variance of v , is the variance of the relative demand shocks , and is a function explained below , the value of which is positive .
formally , we could write a simple version of that model ( see , for example , equation ( 4.14 ) as where y t is the [combine] real output , is the natural level of output , v t is the unpredictable component of [combine] demand , is the variance of v , is the variance of the relative demand shocks , and is a function explained below , the value of which is positive .

This equation states that in the absence of any aggregate demand shock ( that is , if v t is zero ) , output will equal its natural level , , .
this equation states that in the absence of any [combine] demand shock ( that is , if v t is zero ) , output will equal its natural level , , .

If the aggregate demand shock is positive , then real output will rise above its natural level ; if it is negative it will fall below it .
if the [combine] demand shock is positive , then real output will rise above its natural level ; if it is negative it will fall below it .

The actual size of the rise or fall for any given value for t will depend upon the variances of the aggregate and relative demand shocks .
the actual size of the rise or fall for any given value for t will depend upon the variances of the [combine] and relative demand shocks .

The higher the variance of the aggregate demand shock , the more unpredictable the aggregate demand shock is , and therefore , as explained in chapter 4 , the lower will be the effect of any given v t .
the higher the variance of the [combine] demand shock , the more unpredictable the [combine] demand shock is , and therefore , as explained in chapter 4 , the lower will be the effect of any given v t .

The focus of the Lucas ( 1973 ) paper is on the first of these predicted relationships ; that is , between the volatility of aggregate demand and its impact on real output .
the focus of the lucas ( 1973 ) paper is on the first of these predicted relationships ; that is , between the volatility of [combine] demand and its impact on real output .

He tests it using data from a number of different countries over the same time period , reasoning that if equation ( 6.1 ) were true , then those countries in which aggregate demand has been highly unpredictable should be those countries in which unpredictable aggregate demand has little effect on real output .
he tests it using data from a number of different countries over the same time period , reasoning that if equation ( 6.1 ) were true , then those countries in which [combine] demand has been highly unpredictable should be those countries in which unpredictable [combine] demand has little effect on real output .

First he rewrites equation ( 6.1 ) as : where is by definition the deviation of aggregate output in the ith country from its natural rate ( that is , ) .
first he rewrites equation ( 6.1 ) as : where is by definition the deviation of [combine] output in the ith country from its natural rate ( that is , ) .

The addition of implies that any aggregate demand shock will have a drawn-out effect on real output : a positive value of will , ceteris paribus , lead to a positive value for ( that is , output will be above its natural level ) ; next period , even in the absence of a positive value for will be positive because of the influence of the positive value of .
the addition of implies that any [combine] demand shock will have a drawn-out effect on real output : a positive value of will , ceteris paribus , lead to a positive value for ( that is , output will be above its natural level ) ; next period , even in the absence of a positive value for will be positive because of the influence of the positive value of .

He measures each country 's aggregate demand at any time by its total nominal spending .
he measures each country 's [combine] demand at any time by its total nominal spending .

He then assumes that for each country the rate of growth of aggregate demand or nominal spending has followed a very simple process ; that is , where is the rate of growth of the ith country 's nominal spending , is the mean value of over the whole period , and is the deviation of from its mean .
he then assumes that for each country the rate of growth of [combine] demand or nominal spending has followed a very simple process ; that is , where is the rate of growth of the ith country 's nominal spending , is the mean value of over the whole period , and is the deviation of from its mean .

Rationality of expectations implies that if equation ( 6.4 ) adequately describes the process determining then for each country the anticipated rate of growth of aggregate demand will be and the unanticipated rate of growth will be in any period t .
rationality of expectations implies that if equation ( 6.4 ) adequately describes the process determining then for each country the anticipated rate of growth of [combine] demand will be and the unanticipated rate of growth will be in any period t .

Thus Lucas measures the unanticipated rate of growth of aggregate demand in the ith country in any period t by the deviation of the actual rate of growth of nominal spending from its mean value over the whole period .
thus lucas measures the unanticipated rate of growth of [combine] demand in the ith country in any period t by the deviation of the actual rate of growth of nominal spending from its mean value over the whole period .

And he measures the unpredictability of aggregate demand in the ith country by the variance of .
and he measures the unpredictability of [combine] demand in the ith country by the variance of .

The simplicity of the process assumed for aggregate demand is something we shall return to later , since it has some bearing on the interpretation of Lucas 's results .
the simplicity of the process assumed for [combine] demand is something we shall return to later , since it has some bearing on the interpretation of lucas 's results .

Thus Lucas can be seen to be estimating a regression for each country in which that country 's deviation of real output from its natural level is regressed on its own lagged value and Lucas 's measure of the unpredictable and therefore unanticipated component of aggregate demand .
thus lucas can be seen to be estimating a regression for each country in which that country 's deviation of real output from its natural level is regressed on its own lagged value and lucas 's measure of the unpredictable and therefore unanticipated component of [combine] demand .

The second and crucial prediction of equation ( 6.3 ) is that those countries in which aggregate demand is volatile should be those countries in which β : 1 is estimated to be low .
the second and crucial prediction of equation ( 6.3 ) is that those countries in which [combine] demand is volatile should be those countries in which β : 1 is estimated to be low .

Countries with volatile aggregate demand are identified by Lucas as those countries for which the variance of unanticipated aggregate demand , v , is high .
countries with volatile [combine] demand are identified by lucas as those countries for which the variance of unanticipated [combine] demand , v , is high .

He tabulates for each country the estimated variance of the unanticipated aggregate demand term , v , and that country 's estimated value for β 1 .
he tabulates for each country the estimated variance of the unanticipated [combine] demand term , v , and that country 's estimated value for β 1 .

The first group consists of 16 countries in which aggregate demand has been reasonably stable ; the second consists of two countries Argentina and Paraguay — in which aggregate demand has been highly expansive and volatile .
the first group consists of 16 countries in which [combine] demand has been reasonably stable ; the second consists of two countries argentina and paraguay — in which [combine] demand has been highly expansive and volatile .

The apparent negative relationship between Lucas 's estimate of the aggregate demand volatility for any country and his estimate of β 1 for the country is heavily dependent upon these two highly volatile countries .
the apparent negative relationship between lucas 's estimate of the [combine] demand volatility for any country and his estimate of β 1 for the country is heavily dependent upon these two highly volatile countries .

Such a figure gives the same sort of support to the prediction that the volatility of aggregate demand and its impact on real output are negatively related , as was found by Lucas ( 1973 ) .
such a figure gives the same sort of support to the prediction that the volatility of [combine] demand and its impact on real output are negatively related , as was found by lucas ( 1973 ) .

Since changes in benefits can have different implications for different individuals , aggregate time series tests of the effect of average benefits may be misleading .
since changes in benefits can have different implications for different individuals , [combine] time series tests of the effect of average benefits may be misleading .

The constancy of the aggregate parameters rests either on the assumption that individual wealth shares are constant or on the assumption that all investors perceive the same expected returns and variance covariance matrix of returns and exhibit the same degree of absolute risk aversion .
the constancy of the [combine] parameters rests either on the assumption that individual wealth shares are constant or on the assumption that all investors perceive the same expected returns and variance covariance matrix of returns and exhibit the same degree of absolute risk aversion .

An aggregate approach may not be too unrealistic given that assessments of the returns on overseas bond and equity investments are likely to be dominated by exchange rate expectations .
an [combine] approach may not be too unrealistic given that assessments of the returns on overseas bond and equity investments are likely to be dominated by exchange rate expectations .

Aggregating the first-order conditions over the dominant ( and , by assumption , identical ) firms , we have : where is the aggregate conjectural variations parameter .
aggregating the first-order conditions over the dominant ( and , by assumption , identical ) firms , we have : where is the [combine] conjectural variations parameter .

The graded aggregate , in which a defined spread of particle sizes is represented , is considered ideal .
the graded [combine] , in which a defined spread of particle sizes is represented , is considered ideal .

In a graded aggregate small particles occupy intergranular spaces , partly filling voids between larger particles .
in a graded [combine] small particles occupy intergranular spaces , partly filling voids between larger particles .

As many of these are readily obtained by simple screening techniques applied to natural sedimentary deposits it is of interest to record the prescribed limitations of the aggregate gradings .
as many of these are readily obtained by simple screening techniques applied to natural sedimentary deposits it is of interest to record the prescribed limitations of the [combine] gradings .

For the authorities , and for most economists too , the significance of the monetary sector lies in its ability to create money with the further possible consequence that this will affect the level of aggregate demand .
for the authorities , and for most economists too , the significance of the monetary sector lies in its ability to create money with the further possible consequence that this will affect the level of [combine] demand .

Look again at Table 3.3 which shows the aggregate balance sheet of a large number of banks .
look again at table 3.3 which shows the [combine] balance sheet of a large number of banks .

Notice , however , that all the time this expansion is taking place , the composition of the aggregate balance sheet must be changing .
notice , however , that all the time this expansion is taking place , the composition of the [combine] balance sheet must be changing .

Figure 4.1 ( b ) shows the aggregate portfolio for long-term insurance companies .
figure 4.1 ( b ) shows the [combine] portfolio for long-term insurance companies .

For example , people can increase their aggregate building society deposits , or buy more life assurance or more unit trusts without any limit , except that which they themselves choose having regard to their wealth , the return on saving and so on .
for example , people can increase their [combine] building society deposits , or buy more life assurance or more unit trusts without any limit , except that which they themselves choose having regard to their wealth , the return on saving and so on .

At the end of 1987 , aggregate investment trust assets amounted to 15.5bn and the number of trusts to about 160 .
at the end of 1987 , [combine] investment trust assets amounted to 15.5bn and the number of trusts to about 160 .

We know that the volume of financial intermediation in an economy could have an effect upon aggregate demand by changing the quantity of money in circulation or the ‘ velocity ’ with which it is used or both .
we know that the volume of financial intermediation in an economy could have an effect upon [combine] demand by changing the quantity of money in circulation or the ‘ velocity ’ with which it is used or both .

In the aggregate , this will be the average of individual and firms ' velocities .
in the [combine] , this will be the average of individual and firms ' velocities .

We observed in section 2.3.2 that long-run historical evidence that velocity was stable , tending to rise only very slowly over time , had led some economists to argue that there was thus a close causal connection between changes in the stock of money and the level of aggregate demand .
we observed in section 2.3.2 that long-run historical evidence that velocity was stable , tending to rise only very slowly over time , had led some economists to argue that there was thus a close causal connection between changes in the stock of money and the level of [combine] demand .

Since real output could also change only slowly over time in response to changes in aggregate demand , it followed that the rate of monetary growth would in the long run be correlated with the rate of inflation .
since real output could also change only slowly over time in response to changes in [combine] demand , it followed that the rate of monetary growth would in the long run be correlated with the rate of inflation .

The answer had to be that aggregate demand was not expanding in step with the money supply , i.e .
the answer had to be that [combine] demand was not expanding in step with the money supply , i.e .

As we said in section 2.3 , we should expect this to reduce the cost and increase the volume of lending and borrowing with possible consequences for both the balance between consumption and saving and the level of aggregate demand .
as we said in section 2.3 , we should expect this to reduce the cost and increase the volume of lending and borrowing with possible consequences for both the balance between consumption and saving and the level of [combine] demand .

The ratio of saving to aggregate income changes for several reasons ; the level of aggregate demand generally increases over time , again for reasons other than the volume and cost of financial transactions .
the ratio of saving to [combine] income changes for several reasons ; the level of [combine] demand generally increases over time , again for reasons other than the volume and cost of financial transactions .

The study of literature had become little more than a loose aggregate of philosophy , history , psychology , aesthetics , ethnography , sociology , and so on , and the Formalists felt that any specificity it might have had had been swamped by its adjacent disciplines .
the study of literature had become little more than a loose [combine] of philosophy , history , psychology , aesthetics , ethnography , sociology , and so on , and the formalists felt that any specificity it might have had had been swamped by its adjacent disciplines .

The path would be built to a width of 2 metres , with a foundation of aggregate and a whindust surface .
the path would be built to a width of 2 metres , with a foundation of [combine] and a whindust surface .

The path would be built to a width of 2 metres , with a foundation of aggregate and a whindust surface .
the path would be built to a width of 2 metres , with a foundation of [combine] and a whindust surface .

The directors propose , as Resolution No.7 , that this authority be renewed for a further year up to an aggregate nominal amount of £9,260,761 .
the directors propose , as resolution no.7 , that this authority be renewed for a further year up to an [combine] nominal amount of £9,260,761 .

to offer to the holders of ordinary shares of £1 each in the capital of the Company ( ‘ Ordinary Shares ’ ) the right to elect to receive an allotment of new Ordinary Shares , credited as fully paid , in lieu of all or part of the final cash dividend in respect of the financial year of the Company ended on 31st March 1993 in all respects in such manner as may be determined by the directors on the basis and subject to the conditions of the circular dated 21st June 1993 sent to the members of the Company by the Company and , in particular , such that the aggregate nominal value of the new Ordinary Shares which such holders may elect to receive may exceed the aggregate cash dividend which they would otherwise be entitled to receive ; and
to offer to the holders of ordinary shares of £1 each in the capital of the company ( ‘ ordinary shares ’ ) the right to elect to receive an allotment of new ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , in lieu of all or part of the final cash dividend in respect of the financial year of the company ended on 31st march 1993 in all respects in such manner as may be determined by the directors on the basis and subject to the conditions of the circular dated 21st june 1993 sent to the members of the company by the company and , in particular , such that the [combine] nominal value of the new ordinary shares which such holders may elect to receive may exceed the [combine] cash dividend which they would otherwise be entitled to receive ; and

Once again it proved possible to aggregate the responses into the same six categories , a comparison with Tables 4.5 and 5.4 shows that the use of response categories by subjects has remained remarkably constant throughout the three recognition experiments .
once again it proved possible to [combine] the responses into the same six categories , a comparison with tables 4.5 and 5.4 shows that the use of response categories by subjects has remained remarkably constant throughout the three recognition experiments .

This was clearly necessary for their analysis since it allowed them to aggregate data over different drivers .
this was clearly necessary for their analysis since it allowed them to [combine] data over different drivers .

1992 also saw the establishment of two new aggregate businesses serving the European market with the opening of the new Wimpey Fleming joint venture coastal quarry in Bantry Bay , Ireland and the acquisition of a controlling interest in Severokamen , the first state owned quarrying business in the Czech Republic to be privatised .
1992 also saw the establishment of two new [combine] businesses serving the european market with the opening of the new wimpey fleming joint venture coastal quarry in bantry bay , ireland and the acquisition of a controlling interest in severokamen , the first state owned quarrying business in the czech republic to be privatised .

‘ At Llanwern we previously operated an air cooling system on the slag and this was then used as road aggregate .
‘ at llanwern we previously operated an air cooling system on the slag and this was then used as road [combine] .

In the 460-member Sejm , 391 seats were decided on a proportional representation system in 37 electoral districts ; parties won seats according to the aggregate vote for their candidates in a given district , and then allocated them to the candidates with the highest individual totals .
in the 460-member sejm , 391 seats were decided on a proportional representation system in 37 electoral districts ; parties won seats according to the [combine] vote for their candidates in a given district , and then allocated them to the candidates with the highest individual totals .

not the Hungarians ) whose candidates got an aggregate of at least 1,327 votes .
not the hungarians ) whose candidates got an [combine] of at least 1,327 votes .

Third , purchasers can insist on seeing aggregate audit data , albeit in an anonymous form , to make quality comparisons between providers .
third , purchasers can insist on seeing [combine] audit data , albeit in an anonymous form , to make quality comparisons between providers .

Mr Antoniades required each of them , Mr Villiers and Miss Bridger , to agree to pay one half of each aggregate periodical payment , but this circumstance can not convert a tenancy into a licence .
mr antoniades required each of them , mr villiers and miss bridger , to agree to pay one half of each [combine] periodical payment , but this circumstance can not convert a tenancy into a licence .

For many years there have been worries over the increasing monopolisation of British industry , as evidenced by increased levels of both aggregate and market concentration , and for which there is little doubt that merger activity has , at times , been a major causal factor ( see e.g .
for many years there have been worries over the increasing monopolisation of british industry , as evidenced by increased levels of both [combine] and market concentration , and for which there is little doubt that merger activity has , at times , been a major causal factor ( see e.g .

( 2 ) The insurance required by paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule shall provide , over and above that maximum indemnity , a minimum cover of either £500,000 on an each and every claim basis or £2,000,000 per annum on an aggregate basis .
( 2 ) the insurance required by paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule shall provide , over and above that maximum indemnity , a minimum cover of either £500,000 on an each and every claim basis or £2,000,000 per annum on an [combine] basis .

Thus , the maximum saving is 15% in respect of the portion of income over and above the aggregate of the 25% rate band ( currently £23,700 ) and allowance ( personal allowance , married couples allowance ) and interest charges and personal pension payments .
thus , the maximum saving is 15% in respect of the portion of income over and above the [combine] of the 25% rate band ( currently £23,700 ) and allowance ( personal allowance , married couples allowance ) and interest charges and personal pension payments .

The aggregate membership of 704,350 was 8 per cent of the population , but few of these were recruited from the poorest and most vulnerable class of rural labourers .
the [combine] membership of 704,350 was 8 per cent of the population , but few of these were recruited from the poorest and most vulnerable class of rural labourers .

If childbearing were restricted to ages 20–34 , the consequent five per cent reduction in child mortality would have little aggregate effect in countries of the Caribbean region and some in East Asia , where mortality is comparatively low , but at rates of 250 and more child deaths per 1,000 population aged 0–4 years , as in several countries of the Africa and Indean Ocean regions , this could represent a considerable number of deaths averted .
if childbearing were restricted to ages 20–34 , the consequent five per cent reduction in child mortality would have little [combine] effect in countries of the caribbean region and some in east asia , where mortality is comparatively low , but at rates of 250 and more child deaths per 1,000 population aged 0–4 years , as in several countries of the africa and indean ocean regions , this could represent a considerable number of deaths averted .

He uses the term `` fabric `` ( German gefüge ) to denote the internal ordering of physical and spatial data in an aggregate .
he uses the term `` fabric `` ( german gefüge ) to denote the internal ordering of physical and spatial data in an [combine] .

The qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by Adam and Foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .
the qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by adam and foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet [combine] , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .

as the single accomplished aggregate
as the single accomplished [combine]

The main documents that are used to convey the financial information are the balance sheet , which lists the sources of the company 's capital and how it is used in the company , and the profit and loss account , which quantifies the aggregate expenditure and income of the company .
the main documents that are used to convey the financial information are the balance sheet , which lists the sources of the company 's capital and how it is used in the company , and the profit and loss account , which quantifies the [combine] expenditure and income of the company .

The most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in Figure 2.6 .
the most beneficial projects should then be selected until the [combine] resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in figure 2.6 .

The second leg was in extra time when the Austrians took a 2-1 lead on aggregate .
the second leg was in extra time when the austrians took a 2-1 lead on [combine] .

They lost 203-186 on aggregate , and on the long cost-saving coach drive back to Lancashire the players had ample time to contrast their status with that of Monaco .
they lost 203-186 on [combine] , and on the long cost-saving coach drive back to lancashire the players had ample time to contrast their status with that of monaco .

These distances vary with lighting and climate , the character ( sharp or smooth edges ) of the aggregate , its colour and the degree of weathering .
these distances vary with lighting and climate , the character ( sharp or smooth edges ) of the [combine] , its colour and the degree of weathering .

If a container of mixed aggregate , from broken flintstone and river ballast to fine sand , is placed on a vibrating table , the mixture separates out into sedimentary layers .
if a container of mixed [combine] , from broken flintstone and river ballast to fine sand , is placed on a vibrating table , the mixture separates out into sedimentary layers .

Ajax will play Torino in the two-leg final after the Italians defeated Real Madrid 2–0 to win 3–2 on aggregate .
ajax will play torino in the two-leg final after the italians defeated real madrid 2–0 to win 3–2 on [combine] .

Such bodies are known as corporations , or ( to distinguish them from the corporations sole , to be mentioned later ) corporations aggregate .
such bodies are known as corporations , or ( to distinguish them from the corporations sole , to be mentioned later ) corporations [combine] .

In addition to corporations aggregate , English law attributes a continuous legal personality under the name of ‘ corporations sole ’ to the Queen , and to the successive holders of certain offices , especially the holders of ecclesiastical offices , such as bishops , and rectors and vicars of parishes .
in addition to corporations [combine] , english law attributes a continuous legal personality under the name of ‘ corporations sole ’ to the queen , and to the successive holders of certain offices , especially the holders of ecclesiastical offices , such as bishops , and rectors and vicars of parishes .

Whichever type of man we think of , we may find it difficult to say whether by ‘ property ’ we mean the things themselves or the aggregate of rights which are exercised over them .
whichever type of man we think of , we may find it difficult to say whether by ‘ property ’ we mean the things themselves or the [combine] of rights which are exercised over them .

The essence of ownership , then , is that it is a right or an aggregate of rights .
the essence of ownership , then , is that it is a right or an [combine] of rights .

Limiting carbon dioxide emissions depended not on regulation but on the aggregate decisions of millions of individuals remote from government , John Wakeham , the British Energy Secretary , told the World Energy Conference in Montreal in September 1989 .
limiting carbon dioxide emissions depended not on regulation but on the [combine] decisions of millions of individuals remote from government , john wakeham , the british energy secretary , told the world energy conference in montreal in september 1989 .

The margin of 425 runs was the largest runs victory West Indies have had over England , and for the only time in Test cricket Extras had a bigger match aggregate ( 44 ) than any batsman .
the margin of 425 runs was the largest runs victory west indies have had over england , and for the only time in test cricket extras had a bigger match [combine] ( 44 ) than any batsman .

It meant that he had scored 1,710 Test runs in eleven matches in 1976 at an average of 90 , still the record aggregate for a calendar year .
it meant that he had scored 1,710 test runs in eleven matches in 1976 at an average of 90 , still the record [combine] for a calendar year .

But is it right to aggregate sectoral views to produce an overall national ranking ?
but is it right to [combine] sectoral views to produce an overall national ranking ?

These firms aggregate demand and buy from a handful of gas producers , which supply nearly half of Europe 's gas from beyond mainland Europe , and will supply much more soon .
these firms [combine] demand and buy from a handful of gas producers , which supply nearly half of europe 's gas from beyond mainland europe , and will supply much more soon .

Nonetheless , consumers and businesses alike are , in the aggregate , deeper in debt than ever before .
nonetheless , consumers and businesses alike are , in the [combine] , deeper in debt than ever before .

The optimist would point out that the aggregate attendance for the two Tests so far — 31,310 — compares very favourably with the aggregates for the first two Tests of 1980 ( 17,977 ) , and 1985 ( 28,097 ) .
the optimist would point out that the [combine] attendance for the two tests so far — 31,310 — compares very favourably with the aggregates for the first two tests of 1980 ( 17,977 ) , and 1985 ( 28,097 ) .

These include stone aggregate and rock armour , cement , forest products , steel and fertilizer .
these include stone [combine] and rock armour , cement , forest products , steel and fertilizer .

The commonest are rough spar or aggregate finishes , and imitation brick and stonework ; all can be painted if required .
the commonest are rough spar or [combine] finishes , and imitation brick and stonework ; all can be painted if required .

to the allotment ( otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph above ) of equity securities up to an aggregate nominal value of £53 256 906 .
to the allotment ( otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph above ) of equity securities up to an [combine] nominal value of £53 256 906 .

Each individual 's participation will be limited so that the aggregate price payable on the exercise of all options granted to him under the Scheme in any ten year period ( but leaving out of account options which have been exercised ) will not exceed four times his annual remuneration .
each individual 's participation will be limited so that the [combine] price payable on the exercise of all options granted to him under the scheme in any ten year period ( but leaving out of account options which have been exercised ) will not exceed four times his annual remuneration .

not more than 500 000 000 shares ( representing 10% in aggregate of the authorised ordinary share capital of the Company at the time of the Offer for Sale in 1986 ) may be issued under the Scheme ;
not more than 500 000 000 shares ( representing 10% in [combine] of the authorised ordinary share capital of the company at the time of the offer for sale in 1986 ) may be issued under the scheme ;

not more than 10% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being may in aggregate become issuable under all schemes during the ten year life of the Scheme ;
not more than 10% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being may in [combine] become issuable under all schemes during the ten year life of the scheme ;

not more than 5% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being may in aggregate become issuable during the ten year life of the Scheme ; and
not more than 5% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being may in [combine] become issuable during the ten year life of the scheme ; and

in any five year period not more than 5% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being may in aggregate become issuable under all employee share schemes ;
in any five year period not more than 5% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being may in [combine] become issuable under all employee share schemes ;

With a 10-under-par halfway aggregate of 136 , the former British and United States Open champion moves into today 's third round one stroke ahead of Susan Moon , with Spain 's Xonia Wunsch one stroke further adrift .
with a 10-under-par halfway [combine] of 136 , the former british and united states open champion moves into today 's third round one stroke ahead of susan moon , with spain 's xonia wunsch one stroke further adrift .

In the three places of mission there were on aggregate some 2,500 members of the university every night of the week .
in the three places of mission there were on [combine] some 2,500 members of the university every night of the week .

The aggregate of outstanding balances fluctuated quite violently , falling sharply especially in 1947 , but for 1945–51 as a whole it fell by only £70 million .
the [combine] of outstanding balances fluctuated quite violently , falling sharply especially in 1947 , but for 1945–51 as a whole it fell by only £70 million .

The second is organicism : that is , Conservatives regard society as ‘ a unitary , natural growth , an organized living whole not a mechanical aggregate ’ , which in turn implies that they are resistant to arguments which reduce society to component parts like classes or atomistic individuals .
the second is organicism : that is , conservatives regard society as ‘ a unitary , natural growth , an organized living whole not a mechanical [combine] ’ , which in turn implies that they are resistant to arguments which reduce society to component parts like classes or atomistic individuals .

It is more appropriate to examine the impact of aid programmes and projects in aggregate on a particular country .
it is more appropriate to examine the impact of aid programmes and projects in [combine] on a particular country .

The principal characteristic of African economies in the next fifty years will then be an urban market which will in aggregate be very valuable but will have a low income per head .
the principal characteristic of african economies in the next fifty years will then be an urban market which will in [combine] be very valuable but will have a low income per head .

The halving in aggregate attendance at football matches , which has taken place between the early 1950s and the early 1980s ( from almost 40 million to under 20 million ) , is a result of the disinclination of married men to spend most Saturday afternoons watching live football .
the halving in [combine] attendance at football matches , which has taken place between the early 1950s and the early 1980s ( from almost 40 million to under 20 million ) , is a result of the disinclination of married men to spend most saturday afternoons watching live football .

Giants , trailing by seven points after the first leg , took an aggregate lead as early as the fourth minute , but their game never flowed as missed shots and tired , sloppy defence allowed the Finns to stay in touch through their prolific three-point shooters .
giants , trailing by seven points after the first leg , took an [combine] lead as early as the fourth minute , but their game never flowed as missed shots and tired , sloppy defence allowed the finns to stay in touch through their prolific three-point shooters .

But it was Johnson who so nearly turned the game in the second period as Giants clawed their way back from an aggregate deficit of 16 points at 46-37 behind .
but it was johnson who so nearly turned the game in the second period as giants clawed their way back from an [combine] deficit of 16 points at 46-37 behind .

Sansom , capped 86 times for England , was still talking to friends in the players ' bar at Stockport County last night when the rest of the squad left on the team bus after their 2-1 aggregate victory .
sansom , capped 86 times for england , was still talking to friends in the players ' bar at stockport county last night when the rest of the squad left on the team bus after their 2-1 [combine] victory .

Van Basten scored twice in last season 's 6-1 aggregate semi-final victory over the Spaniards .
van basten scored twice in last season 's 6-1 [combine] semi-final victory over the spaniards .

Kevin Ratcliffe , the Welsh international captain , was takenoff with a groin strain as Everton drew 2-2 with Leyton Orient in the second leg of their Littlewoods Cup tie , going through 4-2 on aggregate .
kevin ratcliffe , the welsh international captain , was takenoff with a groin strain as everton drew 2-2 with leyton orient in the second leg of their littlewoods cup tie , going through 4-2 on [combine] .

Quoted advertising agencies wrote off goodwill totalling £1.7bn in the year to November 1988 , leaving aggregate shareholders ' funds in the sector below £39m .
quoted advertising agencies wrote off goodwill totalling £1.7bn in the year to november 1988 , leaving [combine] shareholders ' funds in the sector below £39m .

There is a tradition here , dating back to the days of ‘ Go-Go County ’ , of First Division embarrassment if not failure but Rangers survived the early onslaught and , before an all-ticket 5,997 crowd on a clear mild night , emerged as worthy winners on aggregate after a goalless draw .
there is a tradition here , dating back to the days of ‘ go-go county ’ , of first division embarrassment if not failure but rangers survived the early onslaught and , before an all-ticket 5,997 crowd on a clear mild night , emerged as worthy winners on [combine] after a goalless draw .

Sheffield Wednesday , curiously , were the most prolific scorers , but only one goal ahead of Luton , finalists for the past two seasons , who defeated Third Division Mansfield 7-2 ( 11-5 on aggregate ) .
sheffield wednesday , curiously , were the most prolific scorers , but only one goal ahead of luton , finalists for the past two seasons , who defeated third division mansfield 7-2 ( 11-5 on [combine] ) .

After overcoming Blackburn 3-0 at home in the first leg , due largely to an injury to Rovers ' goalkeeper Terry Gennoe , they were beaten 2-1 last night but prevailed on aggregate .
after overcoming blackburn 3-0 at home in the first leg , due largely to an injury to rovers ' goalkeeper terry gennoe , they were beaten 2-1 last night but prevailed on [combine] .

And right away they worked , five minutes of chaos in Terry Venables 's rearguard ending with Dave Martin heading home a corner to bring the sides level on aggregate .
and right away they worked , five minutes of chaos in terry venables 's rearguard ending with dave martin heading home a corner to bring the sides level on [combine] .

Speedie should have brought the aggregate level after 25 minutes , but leant back as he met a lay-off by Cyrille Regis , and his shot ballooned over the bar .
speedie should have brought the [combine] level after 25 minutes , but leant back as he met a lay-off by cyrille regis , and his shot ballooned over the bar .

Not to be outdone , Liverpool defender Steve Staunton capably filled the striking boots of Ian Rush for the second half , scoring all three goals in their 3-0 win over Wigan for an 8-2 aggregate result .
not to be outdone , liverpool defender steve staunton capably filled the striking boots of ian rush for the second half , scoring all three goals in their 3-0 win over wigan for an 8-2 [combine] result .

Terry Gibson was on target twice to help Wimbledon eclipse Port Vale 3-0 for a 5-1 win on aggregate .
terry gibson was on target twice to help wimbledon eclipse port vale 3-0 for a 5-1 win on [combine] .

To earn full grant-aid , Terminal courses had to extend over a minimum of twelve meetings , and aggregate twenty-four hours of attendance for a minimum of twelve students .
to earn full grant-aid , terminal courses had to extend over a minimum of twelve meetings , and [combine] twenty-four hours of attendance for a minimum of twelve students .

In every county , except Bedfordshire and the Suffolks , growth occurred in the District 's educational activity and was most evident in Essex , Hertfordshire , Norfolk , Northamptonshire and the Soke of Peterborough which in aggregate accounted for 75 % of the provision and enrolled students during the years of the 1939–45 war .
in every county , except bedfordshire and the suffolks , growth occurred in the district 's educational activity and was most evident in essex , hertfordshire , norfolk , northamptonshire and the soke of peterborough which in [combine] accounted for 75 % of the provision and enrolled students during the years of the 1939–45 war .

Currey noted : ‘ Although the treaty goes out to the World as the concurrent agreement of the tribe , it is in reality nothing more than the agreement of Lawyer and his band , numbering in the aggregate not a third part of the Nez Perce tribe .
currey noted : ‘ although the treaty goes out to the world as the concurrent agreement of the tribe , it is in reality nothing more than the agreement of lawyer and his band , numbering in the [combine] not a third part of the nez perce tribe .

This put the sides level on aggregate but Torino qualified on the away goals rule after Fusi pounced on a loose ball in a goalmouth mix-up .
this put the sides level on [combine] but torino qualified on the away goals rule after fusi pounced on a loose ball in a goalmouth mix-up .

First , we shall consider the aggregate effect of fiscal policy on the balance of the economy , which is especially relevant to the problem of inflation .
first , we shall consider the [combine] effect of fiscal policy on the balance of the economy , which is especially relevant to the problem of inflation .

The American set a new record aggregate of 285 and Boomer shared second place , six strokes behind .
the american set a new record [combine] of 285 and boomer shared second place , six strokes behind .

Abrasive cleaners : At their simplest these are the scouring powders formulated from little more than sand or feldspar , the aggregate and a small amount of chlorine release agent .
abrasive cleaners : at their simplest these are the scouring powders formulated from little more than sand or feldspar , the [combine] and a small amount of chlorine release agent .

This uses a softer aggregate , calcite ( chalk ) , with a high proportion of detergent , either an anionic blend or an amphoteric , to produce a creamy liquid consistency .
this uses a softer [combine] , calcite ( chalk ) , with a high proportion of detergent , either an anionic blend or an amphoteric , to produce a creamy liquid consistency .

More aggressive chemicals are ruled out because of possible damage and abrasives are unsatisfactory as the aggregate lodges in surface scores .
more aggressive chemicals are ruled out because of possible damage and abrasives are unsatisfactory as the [combine] lodges in surface scores .

There is a further sense in which a lack of access by land-users renders the aggregate view very questionable .
there is a further sense in which a lack of access by land-users renders the [combine] view very questionable .

This is also reflected in an aggregate geographical sense where whole areas suffer from this problem , while others have markedly increased their share .
this is also reflected in an [combine] geographical sense where whole areas suffer from this problem , while others have markedly increased their share .

Areal data will not suffice by themselves , since it is quite possible for aggregate areal food production to increase in such a way that increasing numbers of people have difficulty feeding themselves .
areal data will not suffice by themselves , since it is quite possible for [combine] areal food production to increase in such a way that increasing numbers of people have difficulty feeding themselves .

Soil conservation programmes and policies , particularly those formulated by expatriates , assume the state to be neutral , able to mediate between competing interests , and to intervene above them to apply rational policies for the maximum aggregate benefit .
soil conservation programmes and policies , particularly those formulated by expatriates , assume the state to be neutral , able to mediate between competing interests , and to intervene above them to apply rational policies for the maximum [combine] benefit .

In spite of low population pressure in an aggregate sense , there has been considerable degradation and erosion in the clay-rich soils which are usually the most fertile , and also in the north where rainfall intensities and runoff tend to be higher ( Robinson 1978b : 15 ) .
in spite of low population pressure in an [combine] sense , there has been considerable degradation and erosion in the clay-rich soils which are usually the most fertile , and also in the north where rainfall intensities and runoff tend to be higher ( robinson 1978b : 15 ) .

It is certified that the transaction effected by this Assignment does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , of the consideration exceeds 30,000 .
it is certified that the transaction effected by this assignment does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the [combine] amount or value , of the consideration exceeds 30,000 .

Aggregate data do not , of course , allow us to draw any inferences about the behaviour of individual authorities which give rise to these findings , particularly where so few cases are often involved .
[combine] data do not , of course , allow us to draw any inferences about the behaviour of individual authorities which give rise to these findings , particularly where so few cases are often involved .

Use a mix of 1 cement , 2½ damp sand and 4 coarse aggregate — or 1 cement to 5 mixed sand and aggregate .
use a mix of 1 cement , 2½ damp sand and 4 coarse [combine] — or 1 cement to 5 mixed sand and [combine] .

Werder Bremen knocked the holders Napoli out of the Uefa Cup last night , 8-3 on aggregate after winning the second leg 5-1 .
werder bremen knocked the holders napoli out of the uefa cup last night , 8-3 on [combine] after winning the second leg 5-1 .

If the pupil has not been excluded permanently , but his been excluded for an indefinite period , the governors can only order the head teacher to reinstate him/her if the aggregate period of exclusion would be more than five days in any term or if the pupil would miss an opportunity to take a public examination .
if the pupil has not been excluded permanently , but his been excluded for an indefinite period , the governors can only order the head teacher to reinstate him/her if the [combine] period of exclusion would be more than five days in any term or if the pupil would miss an opportunity to take a public examination .

The cellular slime moulds , a primitive organism related to fungi , aggregate in response to a chemical gradient .
the cellular slime moulds , a primitive organism related to fungi , [combine] in response to a chemical gradient .

Most are aggregate studies , looking at the correlation over time or across space between levels of crime and unemployment .
most are [combine] studies , looking at the correlation over time or across space between levels of crime and unemployment .

The existence of internal labour markets is sometimes used to explain labour ‘ hoarding ’ ( the practice of employing more labour than is actually required ) because firms do not wish to break the link between workers and the firm , thereby losing the skills acquired by workers over the years ; and is also put forward as a cause of a reduction in the overall level of competition in the aggregate labour market and , therefore , a possible reason for the inflexibility of wage rates , particularly in the downward direction .
the existence of internal labour markets is sometimes used to explain labour ‘ hoarding ’ ( the practice of employing more labour than is actually required ) because firms do not wish to break the link between workers and the firm , thereby losing the skills acquired by workers over the years ; and is also put forward as a cause of a reduction in the overall level of competition in the [combine] labour market and , therefore , a possible reason for the inflexibility of wage rates , particularly in the downward direction .

In this book , we are particularly interested in the determinants of the aggregate demand for labour — that is , the total quantity of the labour input ( measured in person-hours ) which all firms in the economy are willing to employ .
in this book , we are particularly interested in the determinants of the [combine] demand for labour — that is , the total quantity of the labour input ( measured in person-hours ) which all firms in the economy are willing to employ .

For the economy as a whole , therefore , there should be a direct relationship between the aggregate demand for labour and the aggregate demand for goods and services .
for the economy as a whole , therefore , there should be a direct relationship between the [combine] demand for labour and the [combine] demand for goods and services .

Since , in equilibrium , the aggregate demand for goods and services will be equal to the rate of national income ( which measures the total value of goods and services produced in the economy over a given time period ) , we can expect a direct relationship between the aggregate demand for labour and the rate of national income .
since , in equilibrium , the [combine] demand for goods and services will be equal to the rate of national income ( which measures the total value of goods and services produced in the economy over a given time period ) , we can expect a direct relationship between the [combine] demand for labour and the rate of national income .

The aggregate demand for labour for the economy as a whole will be the sum of all the individual firms ' demands for labour .
the [combine] demand for labour for the economy as a whole will be the sum of all the individual firms ' demands for labour .

In what follows , we shall assume that the aggregate demand for labour is inversely related to the real wage and directly related to the rate of national income .
in what follows , we shall assume that the [combine] demand for labour is inversely related to the real wage and directly related to the rate of national income .

On this argument , it is probable that the aggregate supply of labour will have a positive slope as shown in Fig .
on this argument , it is probable that the [combine] supply of labour will have a positive slope as shown in fig .

We have seen that , under conditions of perfect competition in the aggregate labour and product markets , no individual firm or worker would be able to influence the equilibrium real wage .
we have seen that , under conditions of perfect competition in the [combine] labour and product markets , no individual firm or worker would be able to influence the equilibrium real wage .

Instead , the real wage would be determined by the interaction of the aggregate demand for labour and the aggregate supply of labour .
instead , the real wage would be determined by the interaction of the [combine] demand for labour and the [combine] supply of labour .

This division is intended only to simplify the analysis and should not be taken to imply that the aggregate level of unemployment in a country can readily be divided into completely separate and distinguishable categories .
this division is intended only to simplify the analysis and should not be taken to imply that the [combine] level of unemployment in a country can readily be divided into completely separate and distinguishable categories .

Our simple macroeconomy may be said to be in equilibrium when aggregate demand ( i.e .
our simple macroeconomy may be said to be in equilibrium when [combine] demand ( i.e .

Equilibrium in the goods market requires that aggregate demand should equal national income .
equilibrium in the goods market requires that [combine] demand should equal national income .

Aggregate demand for the economy 's goods and services is the sum of all the demands for home-produced goods , and can therefore be written as .
[combine] demand for the economy 's goods and services is the sum of all the demands for home-produced goods , and can therefore be written as .

As we shall see in Chapter 7 , the obvious policy solution is for the government to increase aggregate demand by increasing government expenditure or by reducing taxation , or to increase the money supply ( which will also increase aggregate demand ) .
as we shall see in chapter 7 , the obvious policy solution is for the government to increase [combine] demand by increasing government expenditure or by reducing taxation , or to increase the money supply ( which will also increase [combine] demand ) .

It may be applicable to an individual firm , but not to the economy as a whole — if real wages were reduced throughout the economy , this would reduce aggregate demand and so may increase rather than reduce the actual level of unemployment .
it may be applicable to an individual firm , but not to the economy as a whole — if real wages were reduced throughout the economy , this would reduce [combine] demand and so may increase rather than reduce the actual level of unemployment .

So far in this chapter , we have examined three explanations of unemployment : that it is caused by ‘ natural ’ factors , that it is caused by a general deficiency of aggregate demand and that it is caused by excessive labour costs .
so far in this chapter , we have examined three explanations of unemployment : that it is caused by ‘ natural ’ factors , that it is caused by a general deficiency of [combine] demand and that it is caused by excessive labour costs .

The ‘ simple aggregate ’ method
the ‘ simple [combine] ’ method

There are two possible ways of computing a weighted aggregate index : first , we can use base-period quantities as weights ( the Laspeyres method ) ; secondly , we can use current-period quantities as weights ( the Paasche method ) .
there are two possible ways of computing a weighted [combine] index : first , we can use base-period quantities as weights ( the laspeyres method ) ; secondly , we can use current-period quantities as weights ( the paasche method ) .

It is this extra spending ( or increase in aggregate demand ) which leads to a rise in the price level .
it is this extra spending ( or increase in [combine] demand ) which leads to a rise in the price level .

In other words , the principle is that ‘ within a fixed budget , health care resources should be allocated so as to achieve the greatest aggregate of well-being for patients .
in other words , the principle is that ‘ within a fixed budget , health care resources should be allocated so as to achieve the greatest [combine] of well-being for patients .

The Hampshire Salver for lowest four-round aggregate in the Selborne Salver and the Hog went to Stuart Cage , on 276 , from Pullan ( 280 ) , Steve Barwick ( 282 ) , Graham ( 283 ) and Cox ( 284 ) .
the hampshire salver for lowest four-round [combine] in the selborne salver and the hog went to stuart cage , on 276 , from pullan ( 280 ) , steve barwick ( 282 ) , graham ( 283 ) and cox ( 284 ) .

demagogic official of the United Aggregate Tribunal , who publicly deplores Blackpool 's refusal to become a member .
demagogic official of the united [combine] tribunal , who publicly deplores blackpool 's refusal to become a member .

Taiwan accounted for 29 per cent of aggregate demand in 1991 , and this will decrease to 26 per cent by 2000 , while South Korea will show strong growth through slower movement of the manufacturing base and increased engineering polymer penetration into automotive applications .
taiwan accounted for 29 per cent of [combine] demand in 1991 , and this will decrease to 26 per cent by 2000 , while south korea will show strong growth through slower movement of the manufacturing base and increased engineering polymer penetration into automotive applications .

Platelets will rapidly adhere and aggregate if the endothelial barrier is breached , as has been shown in many studies in experimental animals ( reviewed by Mustard et al , 1983 ) , and platelets adherent to collagen release the contents of their α and dense granules .
platelets will rapidly adhere and [combine] if the endothelial barrier is breached , as has been shown in many studies in experimental animals ( reviewed by mustard et al , 1983 ) , and platelets adherent to collagen release the contents of their α and dense granules .

However , further platelets aggregate to the platelet monolayer when an aggregation agent is added and an accretion of platelets occurs between the two electrodes .
however , further platelets [combine] to the platelet monolayer when an aggregation agent is added and an accretion of platelets occurs between the two electrodes .

The platelet aggregate ratio as described by Wu and Hoak ( 1974 ) depends on the ratio of the platelet count performed on platelet-rich plasma derived from blood mixed with formalin to that in platelet-rich plasma prepared without formalin .
the platelet [combine] ratio as described by wu and hoak ( 1974 ) depends on the ratio of the platelet count performed on platelet-rich plasma derived from blood mixed with formalin to that in platelet-rich plasma prepared without formalin .

However , Davis et al demonstrated that a group of 15 insulin-dependent diabetics without clinical evidence of complications had a significantly reduced platelet aggregate ratio of 0.75 ± 0.6 ( ± s.d . )
however , davis et al demonstrated that a group of 15 insulin-dependent diabetics without clinical evidence of complications had a significantly reduced platelet [combine] ratio of 0.75 ± 0.6 ( ± s.d . )

Thus it is possible that , as a result of letting out contracts for individual services possibly to different suppliers , the aggregate cost of the individual contracts ( each of which would have to be independently viable ) will exceed the combined cost of the original integrated services .
thus it is possible that , as a result of letting out contracts for individual services possibly to different suppliers , the [combine] cost of the individual contracts ( each of which would have to be independently viable ) will exceed the combined cost of the original integrated services .

Often odour nuisance is the result of emissions from several sources , none of which alone would amount to a nuisance at common law , but should the aggregate odour amount to a nuisance at law , it is no defence that the nuisance was caused by many .
often odour nuisance is the result of emissions from several sources , none of which alone would amount to a nuisance at common law , but should the [combine] odour amount to a nuisance at law , it is no defence that the nuisance was caused by many .

In Saddleworth Urban District Council v Aggregate and Sand Ltd. it was held that lack of finance was not a reasonable excuse for failing to comply with a nuisance order under s.94 of the Public Health Act 1936 , in respect of an abatement notice served under s.1 of The Noise Abatement Act 1960 and s.93 of the 1936 Act .
in saddleworth urban district council v [combine] and sand ltd. it was held that lack of finance was not a reasonable excuse for failing to comply with a nuisance order under s.94 of the public health act 1936 , in respect of an abatement notice served under s.1 of the noise abatement act 1960 and s.93 of the 1936 act .

This inevitably means that any attempt to analyse macrosociological data — aggregate national statistics for levels of income and unemployment , trends in infant mortality and the like — is bound to give rise to controversy .
this inevitably means that any attempt to analyse macrosociological data — [combine] national statistics for levels of income and unemployment , trends in infant mortality and the like — is bound to give rise to controversy .

What is more , these helices in their turn aggregate , rather than disperse as bacterial cells in fluid culture usually do , and give a living , growing structure .
what is more , these helices in their turn [combine] , rather than disperse as bacterial cells in fluid culture usually do , and give a living , growing structure .

The reconversion of one portion of the value of the product into capital and the passing of another portion into the individual consumption of the capitalist as well as the working class form a movement within the value of the product itself in which the result of the aggregate capital finds expression ; and this movement is not only a replacement of value , but also a replacement in material and is therefore as much bound up with the relative proportions of the value-components of the total social product as with their use-value , their material shape .
the reconversion of one portion of the value of the product into capital and the passing of another portion into the individual consumption of the capitalist as well as the working class form a movement within the value of the product itself in which the result of the [combine] capital finds expression ; and this movement is not only a replacement of value , but also a replacement in material and is therefore as much bound up with the relative proportions of the value-components of the total social product as with their use-value , their material shape .

It is obvious that the aggregate demand for consumption goods must Brow at the same rate as the production of such commodities if equilibrium is to be maintained ; but there is an inherent drive within the capitalist system to reduce the amount of variable capital advanced or employed for the purchase of labour-power as a proportion of the total capital advanced .
it is obvious that the [combine] demand for consumption goods must brow at the same rate as the production of such commodities if equilibrium is to be maintained ; but there is an inherent drive within the capitalist system to reduce the amount of variable capital advanced or employed for the purchase of labour-power as a proportion of the total capital advanced .

To achieve this they concentrated on the whole spectrum of damaging events in an area and explored their aggregate impact .
to achieve this they concentrated on the whole spectrum of damaging events in an area and explored their [combine] impact .

Cyclicality in demand describes longer-term , gradual rises and declines that are typically associated with aggregate business activity .
cyclicality in demand describes longer-term , gradual rises and declines that are typically associated with [combine] business activity .

At best , experience with different combinations of waist sizes and leg lengths for a given design allows a scheduler to aggregate the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes , which means marker-makers can achieve efficiencies near 90 percent for casual pants .
at best , experience with different combinations of waist sizes and leg lengths for a given design allows a scheduler to [combine] the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes , which means marker-makers can achieve efficiencies near 90 percent for casual pants .

Moreover , and as this volume indicates , the offsetting influences of lean retailing and short-cycle production in comparison with low foreign labor rates must be evaluated by product demand variability , rather than simply making generalizations about aggregate trade and immigration .
moreover , and as this volume indicates , the offsetting influences of lean retailing and short-cycle production in comparison with low foreign labor rates must be evaluated by product demand variability , rather than simply making generalizations about [combine] trade and immigration .

This is important because aggregate inventory volatility has historically made up a significant portion of the volatility of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
this is important because [combine] inventory volatility has historically made up a significant portion of the volatility of gross domestic product ( gdp ) .

The increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing.16 Some have suggested a connection between these policies and price fluctuations.17 According to one view , an information-integrated channel may lead to increased volatility in aggregate prices because the impact of shifts in supply and demand is more rapidly reflected in consumer prices without the buffering impact of inventory .
the increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing.16 some have suggested a connection between these policies and price fluctuations.17 according to one view , an information-integrated channel may lead to increased volatility in [combine] prices because the impact of shifts in supply and demand is more rapidly reflected in consumer prices without the buffering impact of inventory .

Competitive information-integrated channels may also reduce aggregate price levels , as expressed by price markup policies that in the past have reflected the incomplete information of channel participants.18 Whatever the effect , the more widespread adoption of information-integrated channels documented in this book raise a central question for future models of industry- and macroeconomic-price movements .
competitive information-integrated channels may also reduce [combine] price levels , as expressed by price markup policies that in the past have reflected the incomplete information of channel participants.18 whatever the effect , the more widespread adoption of information-integrated channels documented in this book raise a central question for future models of industry- and macroeconomic-price movements .

Whether one is cooking a meal , dressing for a party , assembling a garden , or decorating a Christmas tree and nativity scene , a rascuache sensibility will ensure that the final outcome will be elaborate , colorful , an unrestrained aggregate of rich resources .
whether one is cooking a meal , dressing for a party , assembling a garden , or decorating a christmas tree and nativity scene , a rascuache sensibility will ensure that the final outcome will be elaborate , colorful , an unrestrained [combine] of rich resources .

Traces remain of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face , a natural aggregate of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result .
traces remain of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face , a natural [combine] of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result .

Agency bonus totals can not exceed the greater of 10 percent of the aggregate career senior executive basic pay or 20 percent of the average rates of career senior executive basic pay .
agency bonus totals can not exceed the greater of 10 percent of the [combine] career senior executive basic pay or 20 percent of the average rates of career senior executive basic pay .

In compliance with the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 , IRS 's bonus totals can not exceed 5 percent of the aggregate career senior executive basic pay .
in compliance with the internal revenue service restructuring and reform act of 1998 , irs 's bonus totals can not exceed 5 percent of the [combine] career senior executive basic pay .

Utilizing figures from the Congressional Budget Office , it is estimated that the total annual direct impact of the MHPA would be to increase aggregate health plan expenditures by $ 1.16 billion , not accounting for plan sponsor responses to reduce that impact .
utilizing figures from the congressional budget office , it is estimated that the total annual direct impact of the mhpa would be to increase [combine] health plan expenditures by $ 1.16 billion , not accounting for plan sponsor responses to reduce that impact .

Considering those responses , the actual increase in annual aggregate health plan expenditures would be $ 464 million .
considering those responses , the actual increase in annual [combine] health plan expenditures would be $ 464 million .

HCFA states that it is clear that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities since the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation will reduce payments by approximately 9 percent .
hcfa states that it is clear that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities since the [combine] per-beneficiary limitation will reduce payments by approximately 9 percent .

While HCFA states that it has examined the options for lessening the burden on small entities , since the statute does not allow for any exceptions to the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation based on the size of the entity , no regulatory relief can be provided for small entities .
while hcfa states that it has examined the options for lessening the burden on small entities , since the statute does not allow for any exceptions to the [combine] per-beneficiary limitation based on the size of the entity , no regulatory relief can be provided for small entities .

Therefore , for the purpose of a classification system for financial reporting , the fee is akin to dedicated taxes that are also related in the aggregate to associated costs and that are classified as nonexchange revenue ( e.g. , the excise tax on gasoline ) .
therefore , for the purpose of a classification system for financial reporting , the fee is akin to dedicated taxes that are also related in the [combine] to associated costs and that are classified as nonexchange revenue ( e.g. , the excise tax on gasoline ) .

The effective interest causes an equal increase in the aggregate value of the assets on the balance sheet , and therefore the effective interest is the amount recognized as exchange 50 revenue .
the effective interest causes an equal increase in the [combine] value of the assets on the balance sheet , and therefore the effective interest is the amount recognized as exchange 50 revenue .

The merit of reporting the aggregate of information prepared on different bases is questionable .
the merit of reporting the [combine] of information prepared on different bases is questionable .

This system is used by the Congress and the Executive Branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .
this system is used by the congress and the executive branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an [combine] level .

The term `` aggregate entry age normal '' refers to an approach whereby costs are determined for the group as a whole rather than for each individual participant separately .
the term `` [combine] entry age normal '' refers to an approach whereby costs are determined for the group as a whole rather than for each individual participant separately .

It provides an in-depth review of work activities and tasks , through activity analysis , which aggregate to form processes for agency program delivery .
it provides an in-depth review of work activities and tasks , through activity analysis , which [combine] to form processes for agency program delivery .

In the aggregate , these amendments are designed to provide GAO/OGC-97-20 additional information about market risk sensitive instruments , which investors can use to better understand and evaluate the market risk exposures of a registrant .
in the [combine] , these amendments are designed to provide gao/ogc-97-20 additional information about market risk sensitive instruments , which investors can use to better understand and evaluate the market risk exposures of a registrant .

As a result , Congress expects agencies to consolidate , aggregate , or disaggregate the lists of program activities appearing in the budget accounts .
as a result , congress expects agencies to consolidate , [combine] , or disaggregate the lists of program activities appearing in the budget accounts .

That statement declares that the rule will not result in expenditure to state , local , or tribal governments3 in the aggregate of $ 100 million or more in 3The entities affected are 49 publically owned electric utilities with combined annual expenditures estimated by EPA to be $ 2,065,000 the first year and $ 1,342,000 thereafter .
that statement declares that the rule will not result in expenditure to state , local , or tribal governments3 in the [combine] of $ 100 million or more in 3the entities affected are 49 publically owned electric utilities with combined annual expenditures estimated by epa to be $ 2,065,000 the first year and $ 1,342,000 thereafter .

One agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers , with certain exceptions , to merely list an aggregate amount of all expenses that individually cost $ 75 or less.19 At thetimeof the request , GSA required all travel expenses to be listed on the voucher ; however , it granted the requester a waiver of the requirement to itemize expenses costing $ 75 or less as long as we concurred .
one agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers , with certain exceptions , to merely list an [combine] amount of all expenses that individually cost $ 75 or less.19 at thetimeof the request , gsa required all travel expenses to be listed on the voucher ; however , it granted the requester a waiver of the requirement to itemize expenses costing $ 75 or less as long as we concurred .

Our response contained a simple example of an error occurring that would not be detected if all expenses $ 75 or less were merely listed in the aggregate on the voucher .
our response contained a simple example of an error occurring that would not be detected if all expenses $ 75 or less were merely listed in the [combine] on the voucher .

To provide a basis for pay , leave , and benefits , the records must include aggregate hours of regular time , other time ( e.g. , overtime , credit hours , or compensatory time ) , and leave.4 To help ensure accuracy , the completed records must be reviewed and approved by the supervisor ( or other equivalent official ) .
to provide a basis for pay , leave , and benefits , the records must include [combine] hours of regular time , other time ( e.g. , overtime , credit hours , or compensatory time ) , and leave.4 to help ensure accuracy , the completed records must be reviewed and approved by the supervisor ( or other equivalent official ) .

It differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .
it differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to [combine] the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .

Although aggregate household wealth has risen in part as a result of the stock market boom over the 1990s , many individual households have accumulated little , if any , wealth .
although [combine] household wealth has risen in part as a result of the stock market boom over the 1990s , many individual households have accumulated little , if any , wealth .

Paul L. Posner Susan J. Irving Managing Director Federal Budget Analysis Strategic Issues Director Federal Budget Analysis Strategic Issues Summary of Major Sections Personal Saving and Retirement Security The personal saving rate-as measured in the National Income and Product Accounts ( NIPA ) -reflects how much households in aggregate are saving from their current disposable income .
paul l. posner susan j. irving managing director federal budget analysis strategic issues director federal budget analysis strategic issues summary of major sections personal saving and retirement security the personal saving rate-as measured in the national income and product accounts ( nipa ) -reflects how much households in [combine] are saving from their current disposable income .

A negative saving rate means that , in aggregate , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing .
a negative saving rate means that , in [combine] , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing .

Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets ( see figure 1.2 ) .
since the mid 1990s , [combine] household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets ( see figure 1.2 ) .

A positive saving rate means that American households in aggregate are saving .
a positive saving rate means that american households in [combine] are saving .

A low personal saving rate means that households in aggregate are spending virtually all of their current income .
a low personal saving rate means that households in [combine] are spending virtually all of their current income .

A negative personal saving rate means that , in aggregate , American households are spending more than their current income-or `` dissaving . ''
a negative personal saving rate means that , in [combine] , american households are spending more than their current income-or `` dissaving . ''

Given that the personal saving rate is an aggregate measure , some individuals might be saving a lot even while others are drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing to finance their current consumption .
given that the personal saving rate is an [combine] measure , some individuals might be saving a lot even while others are drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing to finance their current consumption .

Households ' aggregate net worth is available from the Flow of Funds Accounts ' balance sheet for the household sector .
households ' [combine] net worth is available from the flow of funds accounts ' balance sheet for the household sector .

Under the basic life-cycle model , one would expect that an increase in the elderly as a percentage of the total population would reduce the aggregate saving rate .
under the basic life-cycle model , one would expect that an increase in the elderly as a percentage of the total population would reduce the [combine] saving rate .

Figure 1.2 shows that even as the personal saving rate has fallen , the ratio of aggregate household net worth to disposable personal income ( `` the wealth-income ratio '' ) has risen in recent years .
figure 1.2 shows that even as the personal saving rate has fallen , the ratio of [combine] household net worth to disposable personal income ( `` the wealth-income ratio '' ) has risen in recent years .

Over the 1960s through the mid 1990s , households ' aggregate wealth ranged from a high of 5.3 times households ' disposable income in 1961 and 1996 to a low of 4.3 in 1974 .
over the 1960s through the mid 1990s , households ' [combine] wealth ranged from a high of 5.3 times households ' disposable income in 1961 and 1996 to a low of 4.3 in 1974 .

Over the 1990s , aggregate household net worth doubled in nominal terms .
over the 1990s , [combine] household net worth doubled in nominal terms .

Recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing assets .
recent research estimated that the growth in households ' [combine] net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing assets .

Aggregate household wealth in 2000 declined for the first time since data were available in 1945 .
[combine] household wealth in 2000 declined for the first time since data were available in 1945 .

Although the aggregate wealth-income ratio rose in recent years , wealth is fairly concentrated and not all households have experienced gains in the stock market .
although the [combine] wealth-income ratio rose in recent years , wealth is fairly concentrated and not all households have experienced gains in the stock market .

To gauge the financial situation of individual households requires going beyond aggregate household data .
to gauge the financial situation of individual households requires going beyond [combine] household data .

According to one estimate using 1998 Survey of Consumer Finances data , the aggregate debt burden was nearly 15 percent of income , but nearly 13 percent of families had debt burdens greater than 40 percent.30 About 10 percent of households did not 30Arthur B. Kennickell , Martha Starr-McCluer , and Brian J. Surette , `` Recent Changes in the U.S. Family Finances : Results From the 1998 Survey of Consumer Finance , '' Federal Reserve Bulletin ( January 2000 ) .
according to one estimate using 1998 survey of consumer finances data , the [combine] debt burden was nearly 15 percent of income , but nearly 13 percent of families had debt burdens greater than 40 percent.30 about 10 percent of households did not 30arthur b. kennickell , martha starr-mccluer , and brian j. surette , `` recent changes in the u.s. family finances : results from the 1998 survey of consumer finance , '' federal reserve bulletin ( january 2000 ) .

Aggregate income represents the sum of cash income from reasonably regular sources-before taxes and Medicare premiums .
[combine] income represents the sum of cash income from reasonably regular sources-before taxes and medicare premiums .

It shows both the aggregate trend and how saving by households , businesses , and governments affected net national saving .
it shows both the [combine] trend and how saving by households , businesses , and governments affected net national saving .

As discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services.6 Personal saving averaged 5.7 percent of GDP in the 1960s and increased to an average of almost 7 percent over the 1970s and 1980s .
as discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of [combine] disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services.6 personal saving averaged 5.7 percent of gdp in the 1960s and increased to an average of almost 7 percent over the 1970s and 1980s .

Even as the population ages , the U.S. labor force itself will continue growing-although slowly , with annual growth in aggregate hours worked averaging about 0.1 percent after 20204-and the demand for capital goods is likely to increase .
even as the population ages , the u.s. labor force itself will continue growing-although slowly , with annual growth in [combine] hours worked averaging about 0.1 percent after 20204-and the demand for capital goods is likely to increase .

See Robert M. Solow , `` Technical Change in the Aggregate Production Function , '' Review of Economics and Statistics , Vol .
see robert m. solow , `` technical change in the [combine] production function , '' review of economics and statistics , vol .

This means that for each additional dollar of government saving , aggregate private saving falls by less than a dollar .
this means that for each additional dollar of government saving , [combine] private saving falls by less than a dollar .

To what extent the aggregate offset is due to the changes in interest rates , wealth , disposable personal income , expectations of future tax rates , or other reasons is ambiguous .
to what extent the [combine] offset is due to the changes in interest rates , wealth , disposable personal income , expectations of future tax rates , or other reasons is ambiguous .

The ultimate effect of any tax incentive on national saving would depend on how households in aggregate respond .
the ultimate effect of any tax incentive on national saving would depend on how households in [combine] respond .

Of course , this simplified example focuses on one household and one type of IRA.31 The ultimate effect of any tax incentive on national saving would depend on how households in aggregate respond .
of course , this simplified example focuses on one household and one type of ira.31 the ultimate effect of any tax incentive on national saving would depend on how households in [combine] respond .

The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .
the [combine] effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .

The demographic and economic assumptions imply a sharp drop in the average annual growth of aggregate hours worked from 0.7 percent through 2010 to 0.2 percent from 2020 through 2075 .
the demographic and economic assumptions imply a sharp drop in the average annual growth of [combine] hours worked from 0.7 percent through 2010 to 0.2 percent from 2020 through 2075 .

The three sources of economic growth in the model are increased labor input , capital accumulation , and the advance of total factor productivity.4 The latter is a catch-all category reflecting sources of growth not captured in straightforward measures of aggregate labor input and aggregate physical capital employed .
the three sources of economic growth in the model are increased labor input , capital accumulation , and the advance of total factor productivity.4 the latter is a catch-all category reflecting sources of growth not captured in straightforward measures of [combine] labor input and [combine] physical capital employed .

Solow , Robert M. `` Technical Change in the Aggregate Production Function . ''
solow , robert m. `` technical change in the [combine] production function . ''

The corporate IT organization « s role is to aggregate needs across business units and provide solutions that can be integrated to serve the entire corporation .
the corporate it organization « s role is to [combine] needs across business units and provide solutions that can be integrated to serve the entire corporation .

The Limitations of the Model Include • The Model combines IPM and EIA cost elements that use similar -- but not identical -- assumptions on capital recovery and aggregate cost data in a similar -- but not identical -- regional manner that needs adjustment .
the limitations of the model include • the model combines ipm and eia cost elements that use similar -- but not identical -- assumptions on capital recovery and [combine] cost data in a similar -- but not identical -- regional manner that needs adjustment .

Finally , we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and aggregate the benefits to the appropriate geographic level .
finally , we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and [combine] the benefits to the appropriate geographic level .

This distribution represents the aggregate distribution for the REIMS II countries .
this distribution represents the [combine] distribution for the reims ii countries .

It gives a quite aggregate view of street costs compared to the fineness of U.S. costs .
it gives a quite [combine] view of street costs compared to the fineness of u.s. costs .

Purpose of Talk Reconcile growth in aggregate pieces delivered and mail revenues with increasing relative price of postal delivery services and growing number of substitutes at household level Are household sector trends consistent with aggregate trends ?
purpose of talk reconcile growth in [combine] pieces delivered and mail revenues with increasing relative price of postal delivery services and growing number of substitutes at household level are household sector trends consistent with [combine] trends ?

Quantify decline in aggregate household sector postage consumption .
quantify decline in [combine] household sector postage consumption .

Specific Questions Addressed 1 ) What has happened to the average household-level consumption and aggregate ( US Population ) household consumption of postal delivery services over the past decade ?
specific questions addressed 1 ) what has happened to the average household-level consumption and [combine] ( us population ) household consumption of postal delivery services over the past decade ?

Aggregate Household Consumption of Postal Delivery Services Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) Consumer Expenditure Survey ( CES ) .
[combine] household consumption of postal delivery services bureau of labor statistics ( bls ) consumer expenditure survey ( ces ) .

Nominal declines aggregate household postage expenditures .
nominal declines [combine] household postage expenditures .

In constant dollars , decline would be steeper due to real postage price increases Decline from $ 74.26 per household in 1989 to $ 54.35 in 1994 Almost double nominal increase in aggregate household telephones services expenditures from 1986 to 1994 .
in constant dollars , decline would be steeper due to real postage price increases decline from $ 74.26 per household in 1989 to $ 54.35 in 1994 almost double nominal increase in [combine] household telephones services expenditures from 1986 to 1994 .

Aggregate Demand Function for the Household Sector Using BLS weights , can compute an estimate of the aggregate US population demand function for postage from the household sector as the weighted sum of sample household level-demand functions Can compute own-price and cross-price elasticities of aggregate household demand for postage using this aggregate demand function .
[combine] demand function for the household sector using bls weights , can compute an estimate of the [combine] us population demand function for postage from the household sector as the weighted sum of sample household level-demand functions can compute own-price and cross-price elasticities of [combine] household demand for postage using this [combine] demand function .

Estimated Aggregate U.S. Household Postage Demand Elasticity Estimates These magnitudes give the percent change in the demand from the household sector as result of a one percent change in any price , household 's total expenditure or fraction of US households owning a personal computer .
estimated [combine] u.s. household postage demand elasticity estimates these magnitudes give the percent change in the demand from the household sector as result of a one percent change in any price , household 's total expenditure or fraction of us households owning a personal computer .

Substantial increase in absolute value of own-price elasticity of aggregate household demand from 1986 to 1994 , from -0.76 to -1.27 .
substantial increase in absolute value of own-price elasticity of [combine] household demand from 1986 to 1994 , from -0.76 to -1.27 .

Estimated Aggregate Revenue Losses Based on 1994 Elasticity Estimates In general , an X % own-price increase in a product with an own-price elasticity of , increases revenues by X ( 1 + , ) % .
estimated [combine] revenue losses based on 1994 elasticity estimates in general , an x % own-price increase in a product with an own-price elasticity of , increases revenues by x ( 1 + , ) % .

Note that before 1989 , , is less than one in absolute value , so that aggregate household revenues increase with price increases .
note that before 1989 , , is less than one in absolute value , so that [combine] household revenues increase with price increases .

From estimated annual household postage expenditures in 1994 are approximately $ 5 billion , which implies a 2.7 percent reduction in annual aggregate expenditures or approximately a $ 135 million reduction in annual revenues from household sales , holding all else constant .
from estimated annual household postage expenditures in 1994 are approximately $ 5 billion , which implies a 2.7 percent reduction in annual [combine] expenditures or approximately a $ 135 million reduction in annual revenues from household sales , holding all else constant .

From estimate in above table US aggregate elasticity of demand with respect to computer ownership is -0.16 .
from estimate in above table us [combine] elasticity of demand with respect to computer ownership is -0.16 .

Therefore , 17 % increase in purchase probability brings about a 0.16 ( 17 ) = 2.7 percent reduction in aggregate demand .
therefore , 17 % increase in purchase probability brings about a 0.16 ( 17 ) = 2.7 percent reduction in [combine] demand .

It is unclear whether fewer first responders in the aggregate would have been in the Twin Towers if there had been an integrated response , or what impact , if any , redundant searches had on the total number of first responder fatalities .
it is unclear whether fewer first responders in the [combine] would have been in the twin towers if there had been an integrated response , or what impact , if any , redundant searches had on the total number of first responder fatalities .

When even aggregate categorical numbers remain hidden , it is hard to judge priorities and foster accountability .
when even [combine] categorical numbers remain hidden , it is hard to judge priorities and foster accountability .

At the primary checkpoints , in aggregate , screeners met or exceeded the average for overall , physical search , and X-ray detection , while falling below the norm for metal detection .
at the primary checkpoints , in [combine] , screeners met or exceeded the average for overall , physical search , and x-ray detection , while falling below the norm for metal detection .

Isolated human neural progenitors spontaneously aggregate in these conditions to produce a cell cluster called a NS , and 85 % –90 % of NS cells produce the intermediary filament Nestin ( Figures 1 and 2 ) , a putative marker of neural stem and progenitor cells [ 19 ] .
isolated human neural progenitors spontaneously [combine] in these conditions to produce a cell cluster called a ns , and 85 % –90 % of ns cells produce the intermediary filament nestin ( figures 1 and 2 ) , a putative marker of neural stem and progenitor cells [ 19 ] .

Norwegian for “ whale food , ” krill aggregate in super-swarms that can reach a density of 30,000 individuals per square meter , attracting whales , which can eat three tons of krill in a single feeding , and fisheries , which net on average 100,000 metric tons per year .
norwegian for “ whale food , ” krill [combine] in super-swarms that can reach a density of 30,000 individuals per square meter , attracting whales , which can eat three tons of krill in a single feeding , and fisheries , which net on average 100,000 metric tons per year .

Worm acknowledges that his approach can be improved , but says , “ The whole point of our paper was to aggregate species to communities to see what the overall ecosystem is doing . ”
worm acknowledges that his approach can be improved , but says , “ the whole point of our paper was to [combine] species to communities to see what the overall ecosystem is doing . ”

All of these mutations increase the tendency of α-synuclein to aggregate , suggesting that disease is a consequence of protein aggregation .
all of these mutations increase the tendency of α-synuclein to [combine] , suggesting that disease is a consequence of protein aggregation .

The fact that the wild-type protein can aggregate suggests that the process is fundamentally similar for both inherited and sporadic PD in which wild-type α-synuclein is also present in Lewy bodies .
the fact that the wild-type protein can [combine] suggests that the process is fundamentally similar for both inherited and sporadic pd in which wild-type α-synuclein is also present in lewy bodies .

It is also possible that other cellular processes that we have not yet identified are affected by the presence of this protein that has such an innate tendency to aggregate .
it is also possible that other cellular processes that we have not yet identified are affected by the presence of this protein that has such an innate tendency to [combine] .

For example , diabetes , visceral obesity , hypertension , and hyperinsulinemia commonly aggregate together in large populations , and are considered a “ metabolic syndrome ” that has been linked to SDB [ 16 ] and to inflammatory disorders [ 17 ] .
for example , diabetes , visceral obesity , hypertension , and hyperinsulinemia commonly [combine] together in large populations , and are considered a “ metabolic syndrome ” that has been linked to sdb [ 16 ] and to inflammatory disorders [ 17 ] .

Many damaged and mutant polypeptides , as well as some normal proteins , have a tendency to aggregate in cells .
many damaged and mutant polypeptides , as well as some normal proteins , have a tendency to [combine] in cells .

Strict conformation requirements for aggregate formation can also explain interspecies transmission barriers , where prion domains of Sup35 derived from other yeast species can not cause formation of [ PSI + ] prion in Saccharomyces cerevisiae , in spite of a high degree of homology .
strict conformation requirements for [combine] formation can also explain interspecies transmission barriers , where prion domains of sup35 derived from other yeast species can not cause formation of [ psi + ] prion in saccharomyces cerevisiae , in spite of a high degree of homology .

Even if a function of prion proteins , such as with Sup35 or Ure2 , is known , we do not understand the biological significance of their “ prionization , ” i.e. , that they aggregate and propagate in the aggregated form .
even if a function of prion proteins , such as with sup35 or ure2 , is known , we do not understand the biological significance of their “ prionization , ” i.e. , that they [combine] and propagate in the aggregated form .

The challenge now will be to establish whether CPEB can exist as a self-propagating aggregate in Aplysia or mammalian neurons .
the challenge now will be to establish whether cpeb can exist as a self-propagating [combine] in aplysia or mammalian neurons .

The fact that some proteins with Q/N-rich domains form self-propagating aggregates , while others can aggregate but can not form prions , suggests that there should be some structural elements either within the Q/N-rich sequence or close to it that confer the ability to propagate .
the fact that some proteins with q/n-rich domains form self-propagating aggregates , while others can [combine] but can not form prions , suggests that there should be some structural elements either within the q/n-rich sequence or close to it that confer the ability to propagate .

Interestingly , not all yeast prions have similar oligopeptide repeat motifs , indicating that distinct structures could confer prion properties to polypeptides that can aggregate .
interestingly , not all yeast prions have similar oligopeptide repeat motifs , indicating that distinct structures could confer prion properties to polypeptides that can [combine] .

It would be important to identify these structures in order to understand the mechanisms of aggregate propagation .
it would be important to identify these structures in order to understand the mechanisms of [combine] propagation .

Amyloidogenic ( “ amyloid generating ” ) cleavage by an enzyme called beta-secretase yields “ sticky ” Aβ peptides that aggregate to form deposits , whereas non-amyloidogenic cleavage by alpha-secretases generates soluble peptides that do not form deposits .
amyloidogenic ( “ amyloid generating ” ) cleavage by an enzyme called beta-secretase yields “ sticky ” aβ peptides that [combine] to form deposits , whereas non-amyloidogenic cleavage by alpha-secretases generates soluble peptides that do not form deposits .

The story is stuffed at USAT , off-leads at the LAT , and is fronted below the fold at the Washington Post , which goes instead with an independent investigating panel 's findings that nearly 54,000 dormant Swiss bank accounts , in the aggregate worth as much as $ 1.3 billion , contain funds linkable to Holocaust victims , many more accounts worth much more money than the banks ever previously acknowledged .
the story is stuffed at usat , off-leads at the lat , and is fronted below the fold at the washington post , which goes instead with an independent investigating panel 's findings that nearly 54,000 dormant swiss bank accounts , in the [combine] worth as much as $ 1.3 billion , contain funds linkable to holocaust victims , many more accounts worth much more money than the banks ever previously acknowledged .

The piece quotes a finding that while aggregate spending by or on behalf of children 4-12 roughly doubled every decade between 1960-1980 , in the 1990s , it has tripled .
the piece quotes a finding that while [combine] spending by or on behalf of children 4-12 roughly doubled every decade between 1960-1980 , in the 1990s , it has tripled .

Any party expecting its program to be taken seriously as a left-of-center alternative to conservatism must surely propose one of two things : Either it must promise to increase in the aggregate the quantity and quality of public services ( and the taxes needed to pay for them ) , or else it must promise , within an unchanged total of taxes and spending , to redirect the flow of resources so that the less well-off get more .
any party expecting its program to be taken seriously as a left-of-center alternative to conservatism must surely propose one of two things : either it must promise to increase in the [combine] the quantity and quality of public services ( and the taxes needed to pay for them ) , or else it must promise , within an unchanged total of taxes and spending , to redirect the flow of resources so that the less well-off get more .

Federal spending on elementary and secondary education remains small in aggregate , amounting to just 7 percent of total public spending on schools .
federal spending on elementary and secondary education remains small in [combine] , amounting to just 7 percent of total public spending on schools .

It 's interesting to note that the 1970s , the decade when the price of going to movies reached an all-time high , was also the decade when Hollywood movies were better , in the aggregate , than they 've ever been before or since .
it 's interesting to note that the 1970s , the decade when the price of going to movies reached an all-time high , was also the decade when hollywood movies were better , in the [combine] , than they 've ever been before or since .

The 1980s , which produced movies that were worse in the aggregate than movies being made today ( and much , much worse than the movies that were being made during the 1970s ) would seem to disprove that hypothesis , because movie-ticket prices were higher then ( in constant dollars ) than they are now .
the 1980s , which produced movies that were worse in the [combine] than movies being made today ( and much , much worse than the movies that were being made during the 1970s ) would seem to disprove that hypothesis , because movie-ticket prices were higher then ( in constant dollars ) than they are now .

The Wall Street Journal reports that a survey of nearly 400 U.S. companies indicates that corporate profits are up huge : their aggregate third quarter total is 27 percent ahead of last year .
the wall street journal reports that a survey of nearly 400 u.s. companies indicates that corporate profits are up huge : their [combine] third quarter total is 27 percent ahead of last year .

In these , aggregate attendance is up slightly over the past three years -- from 11.79 million in 1995 to 11.98 million in 1997 .
in these , [combine] attendance is up slightly over the past three years -- from 11.79 million in 1995 to 11.98 million in 1997 .

What Allen utterly failed to address is the fact that regardless of their effects on aggregate consumption and investment , tax hikes are bad -- and tax cuts , good -- for individual taxpayers .
what allen utterly failed to address is the fact that regardless of their effects on [combine] consumption and investment , tax hikes are bad -- and tax cuts , good -- for individual taxpayers .

Are vacations more dangerous , in the aggregate , than normal life ?
are vacations more dangerous , in the [combine] , than normal life ?

Even if Americans are no lazier in the aggregate than they were 40 years ago , the rise of `` extreme sports '' underscores a trend that 's a bit different and more interesting than the one Time is promoting : Namely , that a small elite is engaging in pathologically daring leisure activities requiring unprecedented physical fitness , while the rest of us are getting fat on chips and beer while we watch these gladiators on ESPN .
even if americans are no lazier in the [combine] than they were 40 years ago , the rise of `` extreme sports '' underscores a trend that 's a bit different and more interesting than the one time is promoting : namely , that a small elite is engaging in pathologically daring leisure activities requiring unprecedented physical fitness , while the rest of us are getting fat on chips and beer while we watch these gladiators on espn .

They may find some comfort , however , in the aggregate trade statistics .
they may find some comfort , however , in the [combine] trade statistics .

Executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : One claims that RealNetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features .
executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : one claims that realnetworks is only recording [combine] information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features .

As you flip through the present volume , the aggregate mass of images does look `` German '' -- at least according to some received notion of what that is .
as you flip through the present volume , the [combine] mass of images does look `` german '' -- at least according to some received notion of what that is .

However , such slumps are essentially monetary -- they come about because people try in the aggregate to hold more cash than there actually is in circulation .
however , such slumps are essentially monetary -- they come about because people try in the [combine] to hold more cash than there actually is in circulation .

Of course not : Whatever the ultimate sources of the crisis in Asia , the immediate cause of these slumps is a collapse in that good old-fashioned macroeconomic variable , aggregate demand .
of course not : whatever the ultimate sources of the crisis in asia , the immediate cause of these slumps is a collapse in that good old-fashioned macroeconomic variable , [combine] demand .

Both stories report that the rules , which mandate various corrective actions at the first sign of injury , will cost companies an aggregate $ 4.2 billion per year .
both stories report that the rules , which mandate various corrective actions at the first sign of injury , will cost companies an [combine] $ 4.2 billion per year .

Does the aggregate of people who happen to be living the bohemian lifestyle right now add up to an actual bohemia ?
does the [combine] of people who happen to be living the bohemian lifestyle right now add up to an actual bohemia ?

Do keep in mind that gender differences , even fairly firm ones , are only aggregate differences .
do keep in mind that gender differences , even fairly firm ones , are only [combine] differences .

All the papers note that the GOP compromise tax bill , imposing an aggregate cut of $ 792 billion , provides for a reduction of one percentage point in all income tax rates .
all the papers note that the gop compromise tax bill , imposing an [combine] cut of $ 792 billion , provides for a reduction of one percentage point in all income tax rates .

A sudden spike in the aggregate volume of U.S.-Moldova telephone traffic , followed by the delivery of outlandish phone bills to individuals , soon suggested the existence of a problem .
a sudden spike in the [combine] volume of u.s.-moldova telephone traffic , followed by the delivery of outlandish phone bills to individuals , soon suggested the existence of a problem .

When Haley Barbour testified last month before the Senate investigating committee , he was accompanied by seven attorneys billing at an aggregate rate of $ 1,000 an hour .
when haley barbour testified last month before the senate investigating committee , he was accompanied by seven attorneys billing at an [combine] rate of $ 1,000 an hour .

