-- Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of Texas' big cities Thursday .
-- paradise lost to the [supposed] water needs of texas' big cities thursday .

And while he had headed Batista's anti-Communist section , the Batista regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists .
and while he had headed batista's anti-communist section , the batista regime did not disturb the communists so much as more open opponents who were [supposed] to be communists .

Immediately , the religious groups of the city were embroiled in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience .
immediately , the religious groups of the city were embroiled in an angry dispute over the [supposed] invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience .

A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation .
a variety of data are assembled to bear upon such [supposed] changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation .

Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures .
although he questions the extent and nature of the [supposed] revival of religion and the [supposed] increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures .

The malady was popularly known as the `` Spanish flu '' from the alleged locale of its origin .
the malady was popularly known as the `` spanish flu '' from the [supposed] locale of its origin .

This claim , as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it , 126 F.Supp.235 , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act .
this claim , as submitted to the district court and dismissed by it , 126 f.supp.235 , [supposed] violation not only of 7 of the clayton act , but also of 1 and 2 of the sherman act .

He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ;
he [supposed] no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ;

Moreover , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign , and accrues only upon results ; ;
moreover , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' echelon and its [supposed] erudition is put to test during every campaign , and accrues only upon results ; ;

Some , they said had been declared unroadworthy by the Department of Transport who 'd then banned then from the roads and others were needed as evidence of alleged offences .
some , they said had been declared unroadworthy by the department of transport who 'd then banned then from the roads and others were needed as evidence of [supposed] offences .

The group said it deplores the alleged theft .
the group said it deplores the [supposed] theft .

The sister of Derek Bentley , executed for his alleged role in the killing of a policeman forty years ago , has been given leave to take court action to secure a posthumous pardon .
the sister of derek bentley , executed for his [supposed] role in the killing of a policeman forty years ago , has been given leave to take court action to secure a posthumous pardon .

He was suspended from duty after alleged irregularities during a fraud and drugs investigation in Milton Keynes five years ago .
he was suspended from duty after [supposed] irregularities during a fraud and drugs investigation in milton keynes five years ago .

The entertainer , Jason Donovan , has won two hundred thousand pounds in damages against a magazine who alleged he was homosexual .
the entertainer , jason donovan , has won two hundred thousand pounds in damages against a magazine who [supposed] he was homosexual .

The damages were awarded two years ago to Lord Aldington , who Count Tolstoy had alleged was indirectly involved in the death of thousands of Cossacks during the second world war .
the damages were awarded two years ago to lord aldington , who count tolstoy had [supposed] was indirectly involved in the death of thousands of cossacks during the second world war .

The jury in the David Nock murder trial has been told that the accused man showed off the alleged murder weapon to his workmates .
the jury in the david nock murder trial has been told that the accused man showed off the [supposed] murder weapon to his workmates .

Some put it down to the sheer popularity of the winner Nigel Jones — others to the alleged racism of would-be Tory voters , unwilling to endorse the party 's official candidate , the barrister John Taylor .
some put it down to the sheer popularity of the winner nigel jones — others to the [supposed] racism of would-be tory voters , unwilling to endorse the party 's official candidate , the barrister john taylor .

He 's alleged to have threatened them , before taking refuge inside with his shotgun .
he 's [supposed] to have threatened them , before taking refuge inside with his shotgun .

Georgie Pi , a Hong Kong Chinese , is alleged to head a Chinese Triad gang , the Wo Shing Wo , often from a Chinese restaurant at Cheltenham in Gloucestershire .
georgie pi , a hong kong chinese , is [supposed] to head a chinese triad gang , the wo shing wo , often from a chinese restaurant at cheltenham in gloucestershire .

An inquest has opened on a young girl , who it 's alleged was murdered by her father .
an inquest has opened on a young girl , who it 's [supposed] was murdered by her father .

Three businessmen are being questioned about alleged financial irregularities at the now-defunct Gloucester and Severnside Co-Operative Society .
three businessmen are being questioned about [supposed] financial irregularities at the now-defunct gloucester and severnside co-operative society .

Police have taken the unusual step of naming and releasing the photograph of a man they wish to question in connection with an alleged double rape of a teenager .
police have taken the unusual step of naming and releasing the photograph of a man they wish to question in connection with an [supposed] double rape of a teenager .

Tilson 's car , a cavalier estate is similiar to the one described in the alleged attack .
tilson 's car , a cavalier estate is similiar to the one described in the [supposed] attack .

The vice-chairman of the governors , Peter Righton , has been arrested and questioned after Customs intercepted alleged pornographic material .
the vice-chairman of the governors , peter righton , has been arrested and questioned after customs intercepted [supposed] pornographic material .

He also spoke about beating him for alleged sins .
he also spoke about beating him for [supposed] sins .

When the charges were put before Thame magistrates the alleged victim was specified as a woman after an apparent change of heart by prosecutors . But in the eyes of the law she is a woman in name alone
when the charges were put before thame magistrates the [supposed] victim was specified as a woman after an apparent change of heart by prosecutors . but in the eyes of the law she is a woman in name alone

The hotline has been established for former pupils , families and staff at New Barns school at Toddington in Gloucestershire , which is at the centre of a police investigation after the vice-chairman of the governors , Peter Righton was arrested and questioned about alleged pornography .
the hotline has been established for former pupils , families and staff at new barns school at toddington in gloucestershire , which is at the centre of a police investigation after the vice-chairman of the governors , peter righton was arrested and questioned about [supposed] pornography .

The paper has been criticised for hiring David Irving — an alleged Nazi sympathiser — to edit the diaries of one of Hitler 's chief henchmen .
the paper has been criticised for hiring david irving — an [supposed] nazi sympathiser — to edit the diaries of one of hitler 's chief henchmen .

He has been questioned about alleged pornography found at the house he shares in Evesham with the school 's Headmaster , Richard Alston , who has also been suspended .
he has been questioned about [supposed] pornography found at the house he shares in evesham with the school 's headmaster , richard alston , who has also been suspended .

It 's alleged Gary Corbett held her by the legs and swung her against a wall at the flat in which they all lived at Forest Green in Nailsworth , near Stroud in Gloucestershire .
it 's [supposed] gary corbett held her by the legs and swung her against a wall at the flat in which they all lived at forest green in nailsworth , near stroud in gloucestershire .

It 's alleged the car was stolen ; a 16 year old youth alledged to have been in the car at the time , is on police bail .
it 's [supposed] the car was stolen ; a 16 year old youth alledged to have been in the car at the time , is on police bail .

It 's alleged the cockfight took place in April at a lay-by at Carterton .
it 's [supposed] the cockfight took place in april at a lay-by at carterton .

The prosecution alleged the cock-fight was held at a roadside lay-by .
the prosecution [supposed] the cock-fight was held at a roadside lay-by .

The prosecution alleged these two birds were injured in a cockfight held last April at a layby at Carterton in Oxfordshire .
the prosecution [supposed] these two birds were injured in a cockfight held last april at a layby at carterton in oxfordshire .

It 's alleged that once there , they were tied up ; bundled into a truck and driven to Barrow Wake .
it 's [supposed] that once there , they were tied up ; bundled into a truck and driven to barrow wake .

It 's alleged that Leyshon and Stokle were lured here and tied up at knife point , before being transported to the hill .
it 's [supposed] that leyshon and stokle were lured here and tied up at knife point , before being transported to the hill .

The victim of an alleged murder plot told .
the victim of an [supposed] murder plot told .

One of the victims of an alleged murder attempt has told a court how she was tied up , beaten and forced into a car which was then set alight and pushed over a hill .
one of the victims of an [supposed] murder attempt has told a court how she was tied up , beaten and forced into a car which was then set alight and pushed over a hill .

It 's alleged the couple were kidnapped and forced into a car which was then set alight and pushed off a hill at Barrow Wake in Birdlip .
it 's [supposed] the couple were kidnapped and forced into a car which was then set alight and pushed off a hill at barrow wake in birdlip .

An alleged hitman accused of pushing a young couple over a cliff in a burning car has claimed he was at home smoking drugs at the time .
an [supposed] hitman accused of pushing a young couple over a cliff in a burning car has claimed he was at home smoking drugs at the time .

He 's alleged to have smuggled three quarters of a million pounds worth of cannabis into Britain , concealed in a lorry load of pot plants .
he 's [supposed] to have smuggled three quarters of a million pounds worth of cannabis into britain , concealed in a lorry load of pot plants .

It 's the latest stage in a nine-year legal battle over alleged building defects .
it 's the latest stage in a nine-year legal battle over [supposed] building defects .

He was arrested for alleged possession of drugs while he was riding a motorcycle .
he was arrested for [supposed] possession of drugs while he was riding a motorcycle .

The former Attorney-General , Sir Patrick Mayhew , has said any cover-up of the alleged Iraqi Supergun affair is inconceivable .
the former attorney-general , sir patrick mayhew , has said any cover-up of the [supposed] iraqi supergun affair is inconceivable .

And in Corse and Over , another four people were arrested and questioned about their alleged involvement in organising the festival .
and in corse and over , another four people were arrested and questioned about their [supposed] involvement in organising the festival .

Danny Gardiner , from Stroud in Gloucestershire , was alleged to have stolen two and a half thousand pounds in a raid .
danny gardiner , from stroud in gloucestershire , was [supposed] to have stolen two and a half thousand pounds in a raid .

They are alleged to have dealt in drugs in the Milton Keynes and Aylesbury areas and were involved in car crime .
they are [supposed] to have dealt in drugs in the milton keynes and aylesbury areas and were involved in car crime .

Greg Price is alleged to have spoken to George King about killing the victim .
greg price is [supposed] to have spoken to george king about killing the victim .

Police say the raids are part of an investigation into alleged interference with witnesses and tampering with evidence in a forthcoming trial .
police say the raids are part of an investigation into [supposed] interference with witnesses and tampering with evidence in a forthcoming trial .

Prisoners who shared a cell with an alleged murderer have been telling a jury about threats made against a police informer whose body was later found in a lake .
prisoners who shared a cell with an [supposed] murderer have been telling a jury about threats made against a police informer whose body was later found in a lake .

It 's alleged that twenty eight year old Andrew Livermore of Northampton , went to the home of Digby Saunderson last August and stabbed him to death on his doorstep .
it 's [supposed] that twenty eight year old andrew livermore of northampton , went to the home of digby saunderson last august and stabbed him to death on his doorstep .

It was alleged they had helped to organise the Castlemorton free festival .
it was [supposed] they had helped to organise the castlemorton free festival .

Peter Righton , vice chairman of governors at New Barn school , has been questioned about alleged pornography .
peter righton , vice chairman of governors at new barn school , has been questioned about [supposed] pornography .

It 's alleged that the body was hidden there by the younger brother .
it 's [supposed] that the body was hidden there by the younger brother .

The publisher died three weeks later — and Alan 's pension was frozen while Kevin and Ian Maxwell 's alleged involvement in the scandal of the missing pension millions was investigated .
the publisher died three weeks later — and alan 's pension was frozen while kevin and ian maxwell 's [supposed] involvement in the scandal of the missing pension millions was investigated .

Investigators are thought to be in possession of a tape recording of the alleged incident .
investigators are thought to be in possession of a tape recording of the [supposed] incident .

Which Hollywood actress had alleged to have had sex with an entire football team which
which hollywood actress had [supposed] to have had sex with an entire football team which

The tribunal chairman ruled that the dismissal was because of ‘ a personality clash ’ between the two women and Mrs Taylor 's alleged misconduct .
the tribunal chairman ruled that the dismissal was because of ‘ a personality clash ’ between the two women and mrs taylor 's [supposed] misconduct .

The court has heard that she was arrested after police found out that one of the men she named appeared to be in Scotland at the time of the alleged incident .
the court has heard that she was arrested after police found out that one of the men she named appeared to be in scotland at the time of the [supposed] incident .

The charges alleged Demeke hid the gun under his Indiana Jones-style fedora hat while he was searched with a metal detector .
the charges [supposed] demeke hid the gun under his indiana jones-style fedora hat while he was searched with a metal detector .

In local government in Rome , Edmondo Angele , the councillor with responsibility for Heritage , was arrested for alleged extortion while negotiating a contract to improve the navigability of the Tiber ; a building firm called Gruppo Acqua grew from nothing in 1973 to become a multi-national which recently won a contract in Moscow to fight pollution .
in local government in rome , edmondo angele , the councillor with responsibility for heritage , was arrested for [supposed] extortion while negotiating a contract to improve the navigability of the tiber ; a building firm called gruppo acqua grew from nothing in 1973 to become a multi-national which recently won a contract in moscow to fight pollution .

They then used bogus invoices to fool Lloyd 's into covering their alleged losses , before carrying out the second stage of a ‘ double sting ’ stealing £1.2 million of the £1.8 million insurance pay-out from their company , London-based Inca Gemstones .
they then used bogus invoices to fool lloyd 's into covering their [supposed] losses , before carrying out the second stage of a ‘ double sting ’ stealing £1.2 million of the £1.8 million insurance pay-out from their company , london-based inca gemstones .

But Palestinian negotiators insisted that all of the 415 alleged Islamic militants exiled to Lebanon in December must be allowed back before they would return to the negotiating table .
but palestinian negotiators insisted that all of the 415 [supposed] islamic militants exiled to lebanon in december must be allowed back before they would return to the negotiating table .

During the five-week trial , the prosecution had alleged that Ward — then a Guinness director — and the firm 's former chief executive , Ernest Saunders , planned to divide the money between them .
during the five-week trial , the prosecution had [supposed] that ward — then a guinness director — and the firm 's former chief executive , ernest saunders , planned to divide the money between them .

In this , the final trial of the Guinness affair , Victor Temple , prosecuting , alleged that Ward — with Saunders 's knowledge — submitted a false invoice for the money in the name of Marketing and Acquisition Consultants , a Jersey company effectively controlled by Ward .
in this , the final trial of the guinness affair , victor temple , prosecuting , [supposed] that ward — with saunders 's knowledge — submitted a false invoice for the money in the name of marketing and acquisition consultants , a jersey company effectively controlled by ward .

Bain 's most costly legal conflict was with the powerful American company Morse over an alleged infringement of copyright .
bain 's most costly legal conflict was with the powerful american company morse over an [supposed] infringement of copyright .

Lock , who has denied involvement in the narcotics trade , and also denies knowing Gregory , is expected to face a separate charge for the latest alleged offence , a British Embassy spokeswoman said .
lock , who has denied involvement in the narcotics trade , and also denies knowing gregory , is expected to face a separate charge for the latest [supposed] offence , a british embassy spokeswoman said .

Alexander McLaren , 37 , is alleged to have shot Robert with a rifle , struck him with bottles , attempted to gouge out his eyes and attempted to strangle him .
alexander mclaren , 37 , is [supposed] to have shot robert with a rifle , struck him with bottles , attempted to gouge out his eyes and attempted to strangle him .

At the time of the alleged crime , the brothers lived a few yards apart in the Perthshire hamlet of Aberargie .
at the time of the [supposed] crime , the brothers lived a few yards apart in the perthshire hamlet of aberargie .

He alleged that inquiry officers had lied about seeing a flickering light in a bedroom window of his home when they applied for a search warrant .
he [supposed] that inquiry officers had lied about seeing a flickering light in a bedroom window of his home when they applied for a search warrant .

He says : ‘ Troy held up a grocery store with a friend after the alleged killing and stole a packet of vanilla wafers and some milk .
he says : ‘ troy held up a grocery store with a friend after the [supposed] killing and stole a packet of vanilla wafers and some milk .

They alleged that with a three-man board , the Deanses would be able to ride roughshod over anyone 's wishes but their own , to the prejudice of minority shareholders .
they [supposed] that with a three-man board , the deanses would be able to ride roughshod over anyone 's wishes but their own , to the prejudice of minority shareholders .

In spite of a fatal accident inquiry into the Bellgrove accident , no action was taken in time to prevent Newton , it was alleged .
in spite of a fatal accident inquiry into the bellgrove accident , no action was taken in time to prevent newton , it was [supposed] .

The prosecution alleged the teenager was driven off in a car and threatened with drowning in a lake unless he gave them information about the burglary .
the prosecution [supposed] the teenager was driven off in a car and threatened with drowning in a lake unless he gave them information about the burglary .

Embezzlement of £5,000 alleged
embezzlement of £5,000 [supposed]

Voicing concern about the alleged abuses , Councillor Elizabeth Leitch , of Monklands District , said : ‘ We should not be asking for changes here but demanding changes .
voicing concern about the [supposed] abuses , councillor elizabeth leitch , of monklands district , said : ‘ we should not be asking for changes here but demanding changes .

She alleged that the faculty then deviated from its regulations when it came to considering her application for exemption from some exams and also on the standard of scholarship it applied to her .
she [supposed] that the faculty then deviated from its regulations when it came to considering her application for exemption from some exams and also on the standard of scholarship it applied to her .

The hospital 's consultant paediatrician , Dr Charith Nanayakkara , earlier told the court the death of 11-year-old Timothy Hardwick , the second of Allitt 's alleged victims , was unexpected .
the hospital 's consultant paediatrician , dr charith nanayakkara , earlier told the court the death of 11-year-old timothy hardwick , the second of allitt 's [supposed] victims , was unexpected .

Mr Goria quit after persistent slurs over his alleged role over a bank collapse 17 years ago and a bribery probe into the building of hospital in his northern constituency of Asti , his ministry said .
mr goria quit after persistent slurs over his [supposed] role over a bank collapse 17 years ago and a bribery probe into the building of hospital in his northern constituency of asti , his ministry said .

Health officials alleged that he had fabricated test results and lied about the dosages of a Debendox ingredient in tests on rabbits .
health officials [supposed] that he had fabricated test results and lied about the dosages of a debendox ingredient in tests on rabbits .

The sentence of death was imposed on him by Ayatollah Khomeini for alleged blasphemy in his book The Satanic Verses .
the sentence of death was imposed on him by ayatollah khomeini for [supposed] blasphemy in his book the satanic verses .

David Calvert-Smith , prosecuting , had alleged that Bartman attacked Lady Cross in the basement of the Anno Domini shop , beating her repeatedly over the head with two heavy fire irons .
david calvert-smith , prosecuting , had [supposed] that bartman attacked lady cross in the basement of the anno domini shop , beating her repeatedly over the head with two heavy fire irons .

The prosecution alleged that on the day of the murder in September 1991 Bartman had been in a bad mood .
the prosecution [supposed] that on the day of the murder in september 1991 bartman had been in a bad mood .

It is alleged that she placed her hand over the baby 's mouth , compressed her nose and tried to murder her .
it is [supposed] that she placed her hand over the baby 's mouth , compressed her nose and tried to murder her .

The incitement to murder Mr Rushdie came from the late Ayatollah Khomeini for alleged blasphemy in his book The Satanic Verses .
the incitement to murder mr rushdie came from the late ayatollah khomeini for [supposed] blasphemy in his book the satanic verses .

The court heard that Timothy Hardwick , a severely disabled 11-year-old Allitt is alleged to have murdered , was not in a life-threatening condition an hour before he suffered a fatal heart attack .
the court heard that timothy hardwick , a severely disabled 11-year-old allitt is [supposed] to have murdered , was not in a life-threatening condition an hour before he suffered a fatal heart attack .

Describing the alleged war crimes as ‘ a threat to international peace and security ’ , the resolution expresses a determination to ‘ put an effective end to such crimes and to take effective measures to bring to justice the persons who are responsible for them ’ .
describing the [supposed] war crimes as ‘ a threat to international peace and security ’ , the resolution expresses a determination to ‘ put an effective end to such crimes and to take effective measures to bring to justice the persons who are responsible for them ’ .

However , it was alleged that Bedworth was trapped when staff at Leeds Polytechnic became suspicious and used monitoring equipment to record his activities .
however , it was [supposed] that bedworth was trapped when staff at leeds polytechnic became suspicious and used monitoring equipment to record his activities .

Two arrested over alleged fight plan
two arrested over [supposed] fight plan

It had been claimed that Mrs McWilliams had had an allergic reaction to the drugs and she had alleged negligence by the anaesthetist .
it had been claimed that mrs mcwilliams had had an allergic reaction to the drugs and she had [supposed] negligence by the anaesthetist .

Allergic reaction was a well recognised risk but , it was alleged , the anaesthetist had not carried out any tests or investigations to determine whether Mrs McWilliams would suffer a reaction to the drugs he planned to use .
allergic reaction was a well recognised risk but , it was [supposed] , the anaesthetist had not carried out any tests or investigations to determine whether mrs mcwilliams would suffer a reaction to the drugs he planned to use .

He has entered a special defence of alibi in respect of the alleged taxi crimes .
he has entered a special defence of alibi in respect of the [supposed] taxi crimes .

Mrs Hepburn said she had been living with her husband at the time of the alleged crimes but was now in the process of divorcing him .
mrs hepburn said she had been living with her husband at the time of the [supposed] crimes but was now in the process of divorcing him .

’ However , when the trial judge came to deal with the case against the second appellant , the trial judge directed the jury that it would be open to them to interpret alleged statements by the second appellant as a confession by him that he was one of a group who assaulted the deceased , and that accordingly he would be responsible for everything done by every other member of the group that he knew was being done or was likely to be done .
’ however , when the trial judge came to deal with the case against the second appellant , the trial judge directed the jury that it would be open to them to interpret [supposed] statements by the second appellant as a confession by him that he was one of a group who assaulted the deceased , and that accordingly he would be responsible for everything done by every other member of the group that he knew was being done or was likely to be done .

He simply ran a wire from his bedroom under the carpet and downstairs to his mother 's phone , it was alleged .
he simply ran a wire from his bedroom under the carpet and downstairs to his mother 's phone , it was [supposed] .

Earlier , the Prime Minister was lobbied by congressmen , including the two Kennedys , Edward and Joseph , over alleged human rights abuses by British soldiers in Northern Ireland .
earlier , the prime minister was lobbied by congressmen , including the two kennedys , edward and joseph , over [supposed] human rights abuses by british soldiers in northern ireland .

The father was shot at point blank range through the heart and the daughter , who turned up later , was tortured , sexually abused and strangled , it was alleged .
the father was shot at point blank range through the heart and the daughter , who turned up later , was tortured , sexually abused and strangled , it was [supposed] .

He strangled her — after first manacling her with handcuffs , torturing her and sexually assaulting her , the prosecution alleged .
he strangled her — after first manacling her with handcuffs , torturing her and sexually assaulting her , the prosecution [supposed] .

Laing used a Stanley knife , a hacksaw blade and possibly a bread knife for his task , he alleged .
laing used a stanley knife , a hacksaw blade and possibly a bread knife for his task , he [supposed] .

After media publicity , Laing decided to go to the police on a damage limitation exercise , it was alleged .
after media publicity , laing decided to go to the police on a damage limitation exercise , it was [supposed] .

He alleged that Mrs Falconer 's rejection of a series of ‘ reasonable and generous ’ offers , aimed at settling the escalating row , could mean the closure of the school with the direct loss of 50 jobs .
he [supposed] that mrs falconer 's rejection of a series of ‘ reasonable and generous ’ offers , aimed at settling the escalating row , could mean the closure of the school with the direct loss of 50 jobs .

She said a third man , Lee Thompson , had pinned her to the ground during the alleged incident at Mr Cowen 's flat in east London on 31 May , 1991 .
she said a third man , lee thompson , had pinned her to the ground during the [supposed] incident at mr cowen 's flat in east london on 31 may , 1991 .

During the trial at the Old Bailey in London 15 witnesses testified that Mr Thorburn , a general manager of an electronics company , had been practising for the Tam o' Shanter golf tournament near his mother 's home in Ayr at the time he was alleged to have raped her .
during the trial at the old bailey in london 15 witnesses testified that mr thorburn , a general manager of an electronics company , had been practising for the tam o' shanter golf tournament near his mother 's home in ayr at the time he was [supposed] to have raped her .

Mr Stuart-Moore alleged Laing wrote the letter because ‘ he was trying to make all look well , so people would think they had gone away together ’ .
mr stuart-moore [supposed] laing wrote the letter because ‘ he was trying to make all look well , so people would think they had gone away together ’ .

Mr Stuart-Moore alleged that Alison 's murderer had forced her to tell him this personal detail after handcuffing her , torturing and assaulting her before killing her .
mr stuart-moore [supposed] that alison 's murderer had forced her to tell him this personal detail after handcuffing her , torturing and assaulting her before killing her .

He had survived for only three days at Craigtoun Maternity Hospital , St Andrews , and the parents alleged negligence by medical staff , claiming that the baby 's death had resulted from damage done by forceps before birth .
he had survived for only three days at craigtoun maternity hospital , st andrews , and the parents [supposed] negligence by medical staff , claiming that the baby 's death had resulted from damage done by forceps before birth .

The union , he alleged , had made a clear threat to close down the school .
the union , he [supposed] , had made a clear threat to close down the school .

Behind it was an untold story of incredible complacency by Government ministers who failed to act to prevent the system failure , alleged by ambulance workers to have led to patient deaths .
behind it was an untold story of incredible complacency by government ministers who failed to act to prevent the system failure , [supposed] by ambulance workers to have led to patient deaths .

He is alleged to have tried to rape the first , aged 18 , and to have raped the second , aged 22 .
he is [supposed] to have tried to rape the first , aged 18 , and to have raped the second , aged 22 .

Lockout alleged at Timex
lockout [supposed] at timex

He then made a series of suggestions about possible reforms in dealing with alleged fraud cases .
he then made a series of suggestions about possible reforms in dealing with [supposed] fraud cases .

In the current issue of New Scientist , a former chief statistician has alleged prior disclosure of some key indicators :
in the current issue of new scientist , a former chief statistician has [supposed] prior disclosure of some key indicators :

Earlier , he had been detained by fraud police from North Yorkshire investigating alleged offences under the Banking Act .
earlier , he had been detained by fraud police from north yorkshire investigating [supposed] offences under the banking act .

She had alleged she was unfairly dismissed during sick leave by Darlington solicitors Ward Hadaway ; the tribunal chairman said the panel had ruled against her ‘ reluctantly ’ and would be giving its reasons later .
she had [supposed] she was unfairly dismissed during sick leave by darlington solicitors ward hadaway ; the tribunal chairman said the panel had ruled against her ‘ reluctantly ’ and would be giving its reasons later .

He has already complained to the local government ombudsman and is hoping for an investigation into alleged maladministration over the closure of Hustledown .
he has already complained to the local government ombudsman and is hoping for an investigation into [supposed] maladministration over the closure of hustledown .

Assault alleged :
assault [supposed] :

Theft alleged :
theft [supposed] :

Other unspecified creditors meant the company was unable to meet its debts , the insolvency petitioner alleged .
other unspecified creditors meant the company was unable to meet its debts , the insolvency petitioner [supposed] .

Sentencing had been adjourned from an earlier date during which time it is alleged Marriner committed other offences .
sentencing had been adjourned from an earlier date during which time it is [supposed] marriner committed other offences .

On Tuesday last week he was detained and questioned by North Yorkshire fraud squad officers investigating alleged offences under the Banking Act .
on tuesday last week he was detained and questioned by north yorkshire fraud squad officers investigating [supposed] offences under the banking act .

It had been alleged that Mr Boyle , of Edge Moor Road , and Mr Mills , of Emley Moor Road , had walked into Mr Hawthorne 's home with a crowbar and a handgun .
it had been [supposed] that mr boyle , of edge moor road , and mr mills , of emley moor road , had walked into mr hawthorne 's home with a crowbar and a handgun .

Mr Boyle was alleged to have struck him with the crowbar in a row over the sale of T-shirts .
mr boyle was [supposed] to have struck him with the crowbar in a row over the sale of t-shirts .

He is alleged to have stolen jeans from Marks and Spencer , in Northgate .
he is [supposed] to have stolen jeans from marks and spencer , in northgate .

Mr Gannon , of Selby Crescent , Darlington , died in cells at Darlington police station on March 8 after he was arrested for alleged drinking and driving .
mr gannon , of selby crescent , darlington , died in cells at darlington police station on march 8 after he was arrested for [supposed] drinking and driving .

Mr Chavan did not say who might be behind the alleged conspiracy , but such statements are usually aimed at Pakistan , predominantly-Hindu India 's Islamic neighbour .
mr chavan did not say who might be behind the [supposed] conspiracy , but such statements are usually aimed at pakistan , predominantly-hindu india 's islamic neighbour .

Mr Chavan did not say who might be behind the alleged conspiracy , but such statements are usually aimed at Pakistan , predominantly-Hindu India 's Islamic neighbour .
mr chavan did not say who might be behind the [supposed] conspiracy , but such statements are usually aimed at pakistan , predominantly-hindu india 's islamic neighbour .

Alan Jenkins , prosecuting , alleged that Stroud , a horse breeder , was in debt and under pressure to pay £20,000 to Mr Stokle as part of a property deal on the bungalow they had bought together .
alan jenkins , prosecuting , [supposed] that stroud , a horse breeder , was in debt and under pressure to pay £20,000 to mr stokle as part of a property deal on the bungalow they had bought together .

The prosecution had alleged that Mr Hatton used his influence on the two councillors — who chaired influential committees — to swing deals for his close friend Monk , 45 , without proper competition .
the prosecution had [supposed] that mr hatton used his influence on the two councillors — who chaired influential committees — to swing deals for his close friend monk , 45 , without proper competition .

Alan Rawley , prosecuting , told the judge , Mr Justice Waterhouse , there would now be no trial on four other counts which appeared on the original indictment , involving other alleged land deals .
alan rawley , prosecuting , told the judge , mr justice waterhouse , there would now be no trial on four other counts which appeared on the original indictment , involving other [supposed] land deals .

Nurse Ian Ballantyne , 26 , alleged that Mr Stockton had gone without his medicine on previous occasions .
nurse ian ballantyne , 26 , [supposed] that mr stockton had gone without his medicine on previous occasions .

It also covers the deaths of some 220 Muslim civilians whose killings Herak is alleged to have witnessed or taken part in .
it also covers the deaths of some 220 muslim civilians whose killings herak is [supposed] to have witnessed or taken part in .

Among Herak 's alleged victims were eight Muslim women who he is charged with raping and murdering .
among herak 's [supposed] victims were eight muslim women who he is charged with raping and murdering .

Anne Owers , director of Justice , a charity which investigates alleged miscarriages of justice , also says there are serious question marks over the conviction , which she describes as ‘ dodgy ’ .
anne owers , director of justice , a charity which investigates [supposed] miscarriages of justice , also says there are serious question marks over the conviction , which she describes as ‘ dodgy ’ .

The alleged killers finally drove to a field near Burton Salmon , North Yorks , where they set fire to their car and escaped on foot .
the [supposed] killers finally drove to a field near burton salmon , north yorks , where they set fire to their car and escaped on foot .

They then lived rough for four days before they were arrested in Pontefract , West Yorks , it was alleged .
they then lived rough for four days before they were arrested in pontefract , west yorks , it was [supposed] .

Reports have alleged that a punch was thrown during the altercation , but police are questioning players and spectators to discover exactly how Mr Lavelle sustained his injuries .
reports have [supposed] that a punch was thrown during the altercation , but police are questioning players and spectators to discover exactly how mr lavelle sustained his injuries .

Man denies killing alleged accomplice
man denies killing [supposed] accomplice

John Gibson , 28 , a farmer , said he had come upon the two men in his barn eight hours after the alleged bank raid .
john gibson , 28 , a farmer , said he had come upon the two men in his barn eight hours after the [supposed] bank raid .

Pc James Crane , one of six officers who had searched for the alleged raiders , said both men had been trying to hide in bushes and ferns .
pc james crane , one of six officers who had searched for the [supposed] raiders , said both men had been trying to hide in bushes and ferns .

Murray , he alleged , then had gone to the bothy next door where he had injected three men with heroin .
murray , he [supposed] , then had gone to the bothy next door where he had injected three men with heroin .

Mr Kerrigan then questioned Mr Mackie about what it had been like working at the Kenway depot at the time he alleged drugs were being taken .
mr kerrigan then questioned mr mackie about what it had been like working at the kenway depot at the time he [supposed] drugs were being taken .

It is understood the investigation will focus on alleged breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's assessment of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not English .
it is understood the investigation will focus on [supposed] breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's assessment of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not english .

This has already been highlighted in a report commissioned by the Scottish Office which found serious alleged failures in the region 's practices .
this has already been highlighted in a report commissioned by the scottish office which found serious [supposed] failures in the region 's practices .

It is understood the investigation will focus on alleged breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's assessment of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not English .
it is understood the investigation will focus on [supposed] breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's assessment of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not english .

This has already been highlighted in a report commissioned by the Scottish Office which found serious alleged failures in the region 's practices .
this has already been highlighted in a report commissioned by the scottish office which found serious [supposed] failures in the region 's practices .

The alleged offences started when the girls were then aged four years , three years and the youngest 11 months .
the [supposed] offences started when the girls were then aged four years , three years and the youngest 11 months .

The offences are alleged to have happened in various houses in Glasgow .
the offences are [supposed] to have happened in various houses in glasgow .

Roderick Newall is due to appear before Gibraltar 's Court of Appeal next week in an attempt to block a tape recording of an alleged confession being played at his extradition hearing .
roderick newall is due to appear before gibraltar 's court of appeal next week in an attempt to block a tape recording of an [supposed] confession being played at his extradition hearing .

His evidence , he says , is in relation to an alleged abuse of the internal promotion system .
his evidence , he says , is in relation to an [supposed] abuse of the internal promotion system .

He is alleged to have assaulted five named men at Kenway Tyres , Bridge of Don , by injecting them with heroin .
he is [supposed] to have assaulted five named men at kenway tyres , bridge of don , by injecting them with heroin .

Three of the alleged assaults are said to have occurred on New Year 's Eve 1991 .
three of the [supposed] assaults are said to have occurred on new year 's eve 1991 .

It is alleged that Mr Buckley was severely injured in the explosion and that Sutherland knew he was trapped and had not told the emergency services that anyone was in the blazing house .
it is [supposed] that mr buckley was severely injured in the explosion and that sutherland knew he was trapped and had not told the emergency services that anyone was in the blazing house .

It had been alleged that after hiring Mr Mullan 's taxi for a journey from Gourock to Greenock , he produced a hunting knife and stabbed him on the chest .
it had been [supposed] that after hiring mr mullan 's taxi for a journey from gourock to greenock , he produced a hunting knife and stabbed him on the chest .

Mr MacGregor alleged the Kent Messenger newspaper acquired advance details in what was ‘ another example of incompetence from the Government ’ .
mr macgregor [supposed] the kent messenger newspaper acquired advance details in what was ‘ another example of incompetence from the government ’ .

The totals had been disclosed at a time when local authorities and others were being subjected to curbs for alleged lack of efficiency .
the totals had been disclosed at a time when local authorities and others were being subjected to curbs for [supposed] lack of efficiency .

It was alleged the boy had missed his bus and Smith offered him a lift home .
it was [supposed] the boy had missed his bus and smith offered him a lift home .

The alleged offence is said to have been committed in the Stack 's Leisure Park , Lochee , on 12 March .
the [supposed] offence is said to have been committed in the stack 's leisure park , lochee , on 12 march .

Adrian and Elaine Lauder , of Kiel Crofts , Benderloch , raised an action at the Court of Session to vindicate an alleged public right of way along a track from the road to the beach .
adrian and elaine lauder , of kiel crofts , benderloch , raised an action at the court of session to vindicate an [supposed] public right of way along a track from the road to the beach .

In the wake of the disturbances , union leaders alleged that one of the men arrested , the Scottish Militant leader and Glasgow councillor Tommy Sheridan , had been singled out by police for special treatment , and that the force had been heavy handed .
in the wake of the disturbances , union leaders [supposed] that one of the men arrested , the scottish militant leader and glasgow councillor tommy sheridan , had been singled out by police for special treatment , and that the force had been heavy handed .

Michael Maddison had alleged to police that one of the victims had ‘ tried it on ’ with his fiancee , the court heard .
michael maddison had [supposed] to police that one of the victims had ‘ tried it on ’ with his fiancee , the court heard .

Mackie , of Craigcrook Road , Edinburgh , denied the alleged breach of the Company Securities ( Insider Dealing ) Act 1985 between 6 and 12 September , 1991 .
mackie , of craigcrook road , edinburgh , denied the [supposed] breach of the company securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 between 6 and 12 september , 1991 .

The compound has been ringed by police and federal agents since a 28 February shoot-out that erupted when agents sought to arrest Koresh for alleged firearms violations .
the compound has been ringed by police and federal agents since a 28 february shoot-out that erupted when agents sought to arrest koresh for [supposed] firearms violations .

Farrow had alleged that Allen sexually molested Dylan , but Allen was cleared of the accusation last week by a team of investigators .
farrow had [supposed] that allen sexually molested dylan , but allen was cleared of the accusation last week by a team of investigators .

Of the 16 appearing in court , 14 including Sheridan and Tommy Burn , the Scottish Communist Party leader , denied charges of breach of the peace which alleged that they formed part of a disorderly crowd , shouted and swore , jostled police and prevented traffic from proceeding . They are :
of the 16 appearing in court , 14 including sheridan and tommy burn , the scottish communist party leader , denied charges of breach of the peace which [supposed] that they formed part of a disorderly crowd , shouted and swore , jostled police and prevented traffic from proceeding . they are :

Lord MacLean heard that MacIver had earlier refused to ‘ grass ’ on his accomplices in the alleged robbery .
lord maclean heard that maciver had earlier refused to ‘ grass ’ on his accomplices in the [supposed] robbery .

She is alleged to have accepted a bribe used to finance an election campaign for the minister .
she is [supposed] to have accepted a bribe used to finance an election campaign for the minister .

Gibraltar 's Court of Appeal rejected his claim that an alleged tape-recorded confession to the murders could not be used as evidence against him .
gibraltar 's court of appeal rejected his claim that an [supposed] tape-recorded confession to the murders could not be used as evidence against him .

‘ Landlordism of the sea ’ alleged over lost fishing rights
‘ landlordism of the sea ’ [supposed] over lost fishing rights

Nowhere has President Clinton been so caustic as in his attacks on the pharmaceutical industry for its alleged fleecing of consumers .
nowhere has president clinton been so caustic as in his attacks on the pharmaceutical industry for its [supposed] fleecing of consumers .

After serving a two-year ban , Johnson , the alleged penitent , returned to top-class competition as an ambassador for the anti-drug lobby , lecturing children on the evils of the needle .
after serving a two-year ban , johnson , the [supposed] penitent , returned to top-class competition as an ambassador for the anti-drug lobby , lecturing children on the evils of the needle .

An Italian daily paper said prosecutor Maria Cordova had asked for the indictment of Maradona and Guillermo Coppola for an alleged shipment of 6.6lb of cocaine from Argentina to Italy in 1991 .
an italian daily paper said prosecutor maria cordova had asked for the indictment of maradona and guillermo coppola for an [supposed] shipment of 6.6lb of cocaine from argentina to italy in 1991 .

At the time of the alleged offence , Maradona was playing in Italy with Napoli .
at the time of the [supposed] offence , maradona was playing in italy with napoli .

It is alleged that Mr Ford persuaded senior officers within the charity to invest millions in a get-rich-quick scheme .
it is [supposed] that mr ford persuaded senior officers within the charity to invest millions in a get-rich-quick scheme .

The region is alleged to have largely ignored children 's bilingual and cultural backgrounds during their special needs ' assessment , and , in a high number of cases , failed to provide interpreters or bilingual psychologists during interviews with children and their parents .
the region is [supposed] to have largely ignored children 's bilingual and cultural backgrounds during their special needs ' assessment , and , in a high number of cases , failed to provide interpreters or bilingual psychologists during interviews with children and their parents .

President Zia cited alleged corruption and lack of progress on Islamisation for dismissing Mr Junejo 's government , but the former prime minister argued that General Zia could not tolerate his independence .
president zia cited [supposed] corruption and lack of progress on islamisation for dismissing mr junejo 's government , but the former prime minister argued that general zia could not tolerate his independence .

He has already complained to the local government ombudsman and is hoping for an investigation into alleged maladministration over the closure of Hustledown .
he has already complained to the local government ombudsman and is hoping for an investigation into [supposed] maladministration over the closure of hustledown .

It is alleged that kitchen porter Darren Nichol savagely attacked Mrs Chandler , 47 , on the banks of the River Swale at Catterick Bridge , North Yorkshire .
it is [supposed] that kitchen porter darren nichol savagely attacked mrs chandler , 47 , on the banks of the river swale at catterick bridge , north yorkshire .

It is also alleged under the name Garawand he applied for a loan of more than £40,000 to buy the house in Southfield Crescent , Stockton , where he was living .
it is also [supposed] under the name garawand he applied for a loan of more than £40,000 to buy the house in southfield crescent , stockton , where he was living .

Education officials have agreed to investigate the alleged incident at Darlington 's Hummersknott School if the father makes a formal complaint in writing .
education officials have agreed to investigate the [supposed] incident at darlington 's hummersknott school if the father makes a formal complaint in writing .

He said police were concerned at the rise in assaults 61 last year compared to 33 the previous year but 58 were detained shortly after the alleged crimes , indicating most victims knew their assailants and were not accosted by strangers .
he said police were concerned at the rise in assaults 61 last year compared to 33 the previous year but 58 were detained shortly after the [supposed] crimes , indicating most victims knew their assailants and were not accosted by strangers .

The alleged inconsistencies which Mr Bacon referred to , including the permission for the Council 's own Headquarters , were not inconsistencies at all .
the [supposed] inconsistencies which mr bacon referred to , including the permission for the council 's own headquarters , were not inconsistencies at all .

Mr Kearsley said the writ would be served on defendants as soon as the council had finalised its statement of claim cataloguing all the alleged problems in detail .
mr kearsley said the writ would be served on defendants as soon as the council had finalised its statement of claim cataloguing all the [supposed] problems in detail .

The alleged purpose of improving the service and operating at a profit has already been achieved by New Zealand Rail as a state-owned enterprise , as Bernard Hickey points out .
the [supposed] purpose of improving the service and operating at a profit has already been achieved by new zealand rail as a state-owned enterprise , as bernard hickey points out .

If Christians can agree 25 December as the supposed date for an alleged birth it should not take them 2,000 years to agree a date for an alleged death .
if christians can agree 25 december as the supposed date for an [supposed] birth it should not take them 2,000 years to agree a date for an [supposed] death .

The charged alleged that the girl placed her hand over the baby 's mouth , compressed her nose to the danger of her life , and attempted to murder her .
the charged [supposed] that the girl placed her hand over the baby 's mouth , compressed her nose to the danger of her life , and attempted to murder her .

At this juncture you may just have noticed a slight differential in pace between the ‘ amateurs ’ in this democracy game , and the alleged professionals .
at this juncture you may just have noticed a slight differential in pace between the ‘ amateurs ’ in this democracy game , and the [supposed] professionals .

His move follows a winter of crisis for the club after alleged cash irregularities were discovered in the accounts of its parent social club .
his move follows a winter of crisis for the club after [supposed] cash irregularities were discovered in the accounts of its parent social club .

We assume that the writer has used the basic historical framework for her story — Wroe 's demand that his flock should provide his household with seven virgins ( female , although this was not specified ) for his ‘ comfort and succour ’ : and that not terribly long afterwards , he was put on trial by his church for alleged naughtiness with two of them .
we assume that the writer has used the basic historical framework for her story — wroe 's demand that his flock should provide his household with seven virgins ( female , although this was not specified ) for his ‘ comfort and succour ’ : and that not terribly long afterwards , he was put on trial by his church for [supposed] naughtiness with two of them .

The claim was made by Tottenham Hotspur chief , Alan Sugar , who told the High Court about soccer 's behind-the-scenes transfer market wheeling and dealing and alleged that former Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment in cash .
the claim was made by tottenham hotspur chief , alan sugar , who told the high court about soccer 's behind-the-scenes transfer market wheeling and dealing and [supposed] that former nottingham forest manager brian clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment in cash .

And Eddie Gilfoyle , who had been having an affair , tried to make it appear that she 'd committed suicide , it was alleged .
and eddie gilfoyle , who had been having an affair , tried to make it appear that she 'd committed suicide , it was [supposed] .

Opening the prosecution case at Liverpool Crown Court , Mr Klevan alleged that Gilfoyle , a former private in the Royal Army Medical Corps , ‘ took her life and thereafter made it look as if it were suicide . ’
opening the prosecution case at liverpool crown court , mr klevan [supposed] that gilfoyle , a former private in the royal army medical corps , ‘ took her life and thereafter made it look as if it were suicide . ’

Mr Globe alleged that in one incident a woman customer was seized in the National Westminster Bank in West Derby Road , by White who held a gun to her head as he ordered the cashier to hand over money .
mr globe [supposed] that in one incident a woman customer was seized in the national westminster bank in west derby road , by white who held a gun to her head as he ordered the cashier to hand over money .

Mr Brown alleged that Grugel twice asked plasterer Peter McCabe for some plaster boards and when he threatened to tell the police Grugel assaulted him , causing a laceration above his eyebrow which needed hospital treatment .
mr brown [supposed] that grugel twice asked plasterer peter mccabe for some plaster boards and when he threatened to tell the police grugel assaulted him , causing a laceration above his eyebrow which needed hospital treatment .

And when he was caught he was given a bowl of Winalot dog food , he alleged .
and when he was caught he was given a bowl of winalot dog food , he [supposed] .

All the alleged incidents are said to have taken place between 1980 when he was fostered at the age of six by the family and 1985 .
all the [supposed] incidents are said to have taken place between 1980 when he was fostered at the age of six by the family and 1985 .

But he alleged Ian hit him once or twice .
but he [supposed] ian hit him once or twice .

Roberts ’ son Ian would also join in the beatings , it was alleged .
roberts ’ son ian would also join in the beatings , it was [supposed] .

But photographs found by police in the files of Gwynedd County Council 's social services department last year showed the child had been beaten , it was alleged .
but photographs found by police in the files of gwynedd county council 's social services department last year showed the child had been beaten , it was [supposed] .

Their alleged victim , now 19 , of Holyhead , was fostered by the Roberts from six to 12 .
their [supposed] victim , now 19 , of holyhead , was fostered by the roberts from six to 12 .

In the cellar , which could be reached only from his flat , they found five holdalls containing plastic bags with 118,000 ecstasy tablets , it was alleged .
in the cellar , which could be reached only from his flat , they found five holdalls containing plastic bags with 118,000 ecstasy tablets , it was [supposed] .

And when he was caught he was given a bowl of Winalot dog food , he alleged .
and when he was caught he was given a bowl of winalot dog food , he [supposed] .

All the alleged incidents are said to have taken place between 1980 when he was fostered at the age of six by the family and 1985 .
all the [supposed] incidents are said to have taken place between 1980 when he was fostered at the age of six by the family and 1985 .

But he alleged Ian hit him once or twice .
but he [supposed] ian hit him once or twice .

He would be told to take down his trousers and underpants and would be whipped by his foster father , he alleged .
he would be told to take down his trousers and underpants and would be whipped by his foster father , he [supposed] .

They presented him with a thick dossier containing new information about the alleged confession that led to the convictions .
they presented him with a thick dossier containing new information about the [supposed] confession that led to the convictions .

The claim was made by Tottenham Hotspur chief Alan Sugar who told the High Court about soccer 's behind the scenes transfer market wheeling and dealing and alleged that former Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment .
the claim was made by tottenham hotspur chief alan sugar who told the high court about soccer 's behind the scenes transfer market wheeling and dealing and [supposed] that former nottingham forest manager brian clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment .

The new regiment was formed through the merger of the Queen 's and the Royal Hampshires in September last year only months after the publication of an alleged telephone conversation between the princess and her friend James Gilbey in which the nickname Squidgy was used .
the new regiment was formed through the merger of the queen 's and the royal hampshires in september last year only months after the publication of an [supposed] telephone conversation between the princess and her friend james gilbey in which the nickname squidgy was used .

Mr Brown alleged that Grugel twice asked plasterer Peter McCabe for some plaster boards and when he threatened to tell the police , Grugel assaulted him , causing a one inch laceration above his left eyebrow .
mr brown [supposed] that grugel twice asked plasterer peter mccabe for some plaster boards and when he threatened to tell the police , grugel assaulted him , causing a one inch laceration above his left eyebrow .

There was no sexual motive she was the innocent victim of Sams ' campaign to commit the perfect crime , he alleged .
there was no sexual motive she was the innocent victim of sams ' campaign to commit the perfect crime , he [supposed] .

He took her to his Newark workshop and kept the teenager who suffered from claustrophobia tied , gagged and blindfolded in a wooden box , alleged Mr Wakerley .
he took her to his newark workshop and kept the teenager who suffered from claustrophobia tied , gagged and blindfolded in a wooden box , [supposed] mr wakerley .

The new regiment was formed through the merger of the Queen 's and the Royal Hampshires in September last year only months after the publication of an alleged telephone conversation between the princess and her friend , James Gilbey .
the new regiment was formed through the merger of the queen 's and the royal hampshires in september last year only months after the publication of an [supposed] telephone conversation between the princess and her friend , james gilbey .

Judge Hill has been criticised for his handling of another alleged child sex case , it was disclosed later .
judge hill has been criticised for his handling of another [supposed] child sex case , it was disclosed later .

His real mother complained to social services that he had disappeared from home and might have been glue sniffing or taking drugs , it was alleged at Mold Crown Court .
his real mother complained to social services that he had disappeared from home and might have been glue sniffing or taking drugs , it was [supposed] at mold crown court .

The women accused of murdering Linda Ann McMullen , 30 , then tried an elaborate charade to suggest that she had been the victim of a sex attack by a man , it was alleged at Mold Crown Court .
the women accused of murdering linda ann mcmullen , 30 , then tried an elaborate charade to suggest that she had been the victim of a sex attack by a man , it was [supposed] at mold crown court .

Some hours after the alleged attack , Sharon McLean ran out of the Peace Gardens in Holt Street , near Wrexham police station , and pretended that she had just discovered the body , the jury was told .
some hours after the [supposed] attack , sharon mclean ran out of the peace gardens in holt street , near wrexham police station , and pretended that she had just discovered the body , the jury was told .

He alleged that if the men had not been arrested they would have continued carrying out robberies .
he [supposed] that if the men had not been arrested they would have continued carrying out robberies .

The Asian youth told officers he had not been involved in the alleged attack , but that he himself and his friends had been set upon by a gang .
the asian youth told officers he had not been involved in the [supposed] attack , but that he himself and his friends had been set upon by a gang .

It was alleged that he received payment for two years advertising , but only one year 's space was booked .
it was [supposed] that he received payment for two years advertising , but only one year 's space was booked .

There were other alleged cases when guards were playing scrabble instead of going on patrol and one was said to be unfit for work through drink .
there were other [supposed] cases when guards were playing scrabble instead of going on patrol and one was said to be unfit for work through drink .

Leaders of the ‘ first ’ union were subsequently sacked for alleged harassment of members of the newly formed ‘ second union ’ .
leaders of the ‘ first ’ union were subsequently sacked for [supposed] harassment of members of the newly formed ‘ second union ’ .

One of Stephanie close colleagues has been under gun guard , police guard for a week following death threats on the alleged kidnapper , as the net closed on him he phoned estate agent Jane the girl who helped prepare the second artist impression , Jane had met him face to face when he called at the office in Great Bar Birmingham days before the kidnap to collect details on several houses for sale , her blood ran cold when she picked up the phone on Wednesday February the twelfth to hear his voice again
one of stephanie close colleagues has been under gun guard , police guard for a week following death threats on the [supposed] kidnapper , as the net closed on him he phoned estate agent jane the girl who helped prepare the second artist impression , jane had met him face to face when he called at the office in great bar birmingham days before the kidnap to collect details on several houses for sale , her blood ran cold when she picked up the phone on wednesday february the twelfth to hear his voice again

The alleged attacks were said to have taken place at the family 's home in Flint .
the [supposed] attacks were said to have taken place at the family 's home in flint .

The charges arise from an alleged incident involving a boy aged four in Walton at the weekend .
the charges arise from an [supposed] incident involving a boy aged four in walton at the weekend .

David Ashworth , 31 , was alleged to have killed his former lover Denise Johnston , after breaching an earlier order not to approach her , Liverpool magistrates heard .
david ashworth , 31 , was [supposed] to have killed his former lover denise johnston , after breaching an earlier order not to approach her , liverpool magistrates heard .

Earlier , the alleged author of the letter , Sandra Davies told how she and the accused had prepared to set up home together .
earlier , the [supposed] author of the letter , sandra davies told how she and the accused had prepared to set up home together .

The incident is alleged to have happened at the pensioner 's home in Crewe early yesterday morning .
the incident is [supposed] to have happened at the pensioner 's home in crewe early yesterday morning .

It had been alleged that he had kept ecstasy tablets worth between £1.1m and £1.7m in the cellar below his ground floor flat in Acrefield Road , Woolton .
it had been [supposed] that he had kept ecstasy tablets worth between £1.1m and £1.7m in the cellar below his ground floor flat in acrefield road , woolton .

The Foreign Office described the sentence as ‘ outrageous and totally disproportionate to the alleged offence ’ .
the foreign office described the sentence as ‘ outrageous and totally disproportionate to the [supposed] offence ’ .

‘ The sentences are outrageous and totally disproportionate to the alleged offence .
‘ the sentences are outrageous and totally disproportionate to the [supposed] offence .

Mr Dunn , a resident of Kuwait , and a German were detained at gun-point on May 28 for alleged illegal entry .
mr dunn , a resident of kuwait , and a german were detained at gun-point on may 28 for [supposed] illegal entry .

Much of the work is being funded by British-backed groups such as International Planned Parenthood Federation and the United Nations Family Planning Association , he alleged .
much of the work is being funded by british-backed groups such as international planned parenthood federation and the united nations family planning association , he [supposed] .

The full charge alleged that Rymer , on June 9 , unlawfully and maliciously attempted to cause to be administered to the boy , a poison or other destructive or noxious thing namely Atenolol , Temazepam , Bendrofluazide and Coproxamol so as to endanger the life of the boy or inflict grievous bodily harm on him .
the full charge [supposed] that rymer , on june 9 , unlawfully and maliciously attempted to cause to be administered to the boy , a poison or other destructive or noxious thing namely atenolol , temazepam , bendrofluazide and coproxamol so as to endanger the life of the boy or inflict grievous bodily harm on him .

He alleged Wood fell into the second category and was at the heart of the conspiracy .
he [supposed] wood fell into the second category and was at the heart of the conspiracy .

However , by January of last year Scott was involved in arrangements with Chorley and Walker to bring in the second load , alleged Mr Burke .
however , by january of last year scott was involved in arrangements with chorley and walker to bring in the second load , [supposed] mr burke .

The assault is alleged to have occurred at the Paradox night club in Aintree .
the assault is [supposed] to have occurred at the paradox night club in aintree .

Earlier in the trial , the prosecution alleged that Gilfoyle claimed to be on a course at work specialising in suicide and attempted suicide cases .
earlier in the trial , the prosecution [supposed] that gilfoyle claimed to be on a course at work specialising in suicide and attempted suicide cases .

He was alleged to have breached confidentiality when he released details of an incident involving an elderly , dying man .
he was [supposed] to have breached confidentiality when he released details of an incident involving an elderly , dying man .

But last night Aintree management backed Mr Evans for his actions , and vowed to challenge vigorously any disciplinary action against alleged breaches of racecourse rules .
but last night aintree management backed mr evans for his actions , and vowed to challenge vigorously any disciplinary action against [supposed] breaches of racecourse rules .

Scarborough magistrates were told that the case involved a large-scale mortgage fraud alleged to have occurred between January 1985 and February 1988 .
scarborough magistrates were told that the case involved a large-scale mortgage fraud [supposed] to have occurred between january 1985 and february 1988 .

The programme makers say the alleged fraud not only crippled the Ghanaian economy by taking £30m out of the country , but also caused an environmental disaster .
the programme makers say the [supposed] fraud not only crippled the ghanaian economy by taking £30m out of the country , but also caused an environmental disaster .

They say 250 square kilometres were plundered in the course of the alleged fraud , said to have taken place in the 1980s .
they say 250 square kilometres were plundered in the course of the [supposed] fraud , said to have taken place in the 1980s .

Andrew Livingstone and Jason Hardy were alleged to have taken part in the near-riot on Brambles Farm estate only days after the Meadow Well revolt on Tyneside , the jury heard .
andrew livingstone and jason hardy were [supposed] to have taken part in the near-riot on brambles farm estate only days after the meadow well revolt on tyneside , the jury heard .

It is for that alleged breach of the orders that he is due to appear before a judge and jury in Middlesbrough on Monday .
it is for that [supposed] breach of the orders that he is due to appear before a judge and jury in middlesbrough on monday .

The alleged offence took place at The Royal Brompton Hospital in Sydney Street , Chelsea , where the baby was being treated .
the [supposed] offence took place at the royal brompton hospital in sydney street , chelsea , where the baby was being treated .

Scarborough magistrates were told that the alleged offences involved a total of £803,000 .
scarborough magistrates were told that the [supposed] offences involved a total of £803,000 .

But as one called the police to report the alleged burglary another was caught carrying the equipment down the street .
but as one called the police to report the [supposed] burglary another was caught carrying the equipment down the street .

Other men who were with the alleged attacker have been questioned and witnesses have also been interviewed .
other men who were with the [supposed] attacker have been questioned and witnesses have also been interviewed .

Mrs Duffy 's son Lee , 26 , of Durham Road , Eston , a former boxer and nightclub bouncer , was the victim of an alleged attempted murder in The Commercial pub , Middlesbrough on April 26 last year .
mrs duffy 's son lee , 26 , of durham road , eston , a former boxer and nightclub bouncer , was the victim of an [supposed] attempted murder in the commercial pub , middlesbrough on april 26 last year .

Yesterday his case was adjourned until June 16 to tie in with Coun Garvey 's private summons against Coun Carr in which he is alleged to have assaulted Coun Garvey .
yesterday his case was adjourned until june 16 to tie in with coun garvey 's private summons against coun carr in which he is [supposed] to have assaulted coun garvey .

Mr Smith said the facts of the alleged stabbing , which triggered the grudge , will probably never the known .
mr smith said the facts of the [supposed] stabbing , which triggered the grudge , will probably never the known .

He said Riley had never reported the alleged incident , intending ‘ to sort it out himself ’ .
he said riley had never reported the [supposed] incident , intending ‘ to sort it out himself ’ .

The council alleged serious professional misconduct after Mr Cole failed to give a patient a signed statement or prescription .
the council [supposed] serious professional misconduct after mr cole failed to give a patient a signed statement or prescription .

Last night Aintree officials leapt to the defence of Mr Evans and vowed to vigorously challenge any disciplinary action against alleged breaches of racecourse rules .
last night aintree officials leapt to the defence of mr evans and vowed to vigorously challenge any disciplinary action against [supposed] breaches of racecourse rules .

Colin , 22 , of Hamilton Road , Stockton , Cleveland was beaten up by fellow prisoners after he was imprisoned for his alleged part in the stabbing of 94-year-old Stockton pensioner Kate Simpson .
colin , 22 , of hamilton road , stockton , cleveland was beaten up by fellow prisoners after he was imprisoned for his [supposed] part in the stabbing of 94-year-old stockton pensioner kate simpson .

Gibson said : ‘ Neither the referee , nor the linesmen , heard the alleged offence .
gibson said : ‘ neither the referee , nor the linesmen , heard the [supposed] offence .

Geoffrey Street , of Leahurst , Coronation Drive , Widnes is alleged to have attempted to rob shop assistant Rosalind Hughes at Hatchards bookshop , Watergate Street , Chester , on Thursday .
geoffrey street , of leahurst , coronation drive , widnes is [supposed] to have attempted to rob shop assistant rosalind hughes at hatchards bookshop , watergate street , chester , on thursday .

It was alleged that the manager of Soames Casino in West Derby Road , Liverpool , hit a waiter over the head with a bottle during a brawl .
it was [supposed] that the manager of soames casino in west derby road , liverpool , hit a waiter over the head with a bottle during a brawl .

It was alleged that the manager of Soames Casino in West Derby Road , Liverpool , hit a waiter over the head with a bottle during a brawl .
it was [supposed] that the manager of soames casino in west derby road , liverpool , hit a waiter over the head with a bottle during a brawl .

It was alleged that one of their foster children had recently been threatened with a knife .
it was [supposed] that one of their foster children had recently been threatened with a knife .

It is alleged he was beaten with a horse whip when tied upside down in a barn , went hungry and was fed dog food from a bowl .
it is [supposed] he was beaten with a horse whip when tied upside down in a barn , went hungry and was fed dog food from a bowl .

The male nurse , who is not being named , is alleged to have committed the crime at Arrowe Park Hospital in Wirral .
the male nurse , who is not being named , is [supposed] to have committed the crime at arrowe park hospital in wirral .

The trial of two drivers alleged to have caused the death of five young people has heard how one of the cars was travelling at ninety-six miles an hour shortly before the fatal accident .
the trial of two drivers [supposed] to have caused the death of five young people has heard how one of the cars was travelling at ninety-six miles an hour shortly before the fatal accident .

She was the only witness among many people at the party who alleged she 'd seen the four set upon Mr Johnson with knives .
she was the only witness among many people at the party who [supposed] she 'd seen the four set upon mr johnson with knives .

The two defendants , Matthew Loveridge , who 's 19 , and Frank Smith , who 's 25 , were arrested here , about 30 miles from the scene of an alleged robbery the day before at a sub-post office in Berkshire .
the two defendants , matthew loveridge , who 's 19 , and frank smith , who 's 25 , were arrested here , about 30 miles from the scene of an [supposed] robbery the day before at a sub-post office in berkshire .

It 's alleged he gave a different description in this interview to the one he gave to the trial and the inquiry looked into why the evidence was not disclosed to the jury .
it 's [supposed] he gave a different description in this interview to the one he gave to the trial and the inquiry looked into why the evidence was not disclosed to the jury .

It all began in the early hours when it 's alleged the car failed to stop at a police check and sped off through the city centre and out along the Botley Road .
it all began in the early hours when it 's [supposed] the car failed to stop at a police check and sped off through the city centre and out along the botley road .

Robert Brown was suspended as head of the lower school at Pates Grammar in Cheltenham last year after the girl alleged she 'd been indecently assaulted .
robert brown was suspended as head of the lower school at pates grammar in cheltenham last year after the girl [supposed] she 'd been indecently assaulted .

Earlier his flatmate Mark Hodges had been interviewed at the police station about alleged deception .
earlier his flatmate mark hodges had been interviewed at the police station about [supposed] deception .

An alleged joyrider who was seriously injured in a crash in a stolen car was carried two miles from the scene by his passenger .
an [supposed] joyrider who was seriously injured in a crash in a stolen car was carried two miles from the scene by his passenger .

The man who listened into an alleged conversation between the Princess of Wales and a male friend says only parts of his tape have been made public , and that far more damaging sections may soon be revealed .
the man who listened into an [supposed] conversation between the princess of wales and a male friend says only parts of his tape have been made public , and that far more damaging sections may soon be revealed .

The Operation , codenamed Gauntlet , targetted alleged burglars and safe houses in Gloucestershire , West Mercia , and surrounding counties .
the operation , codenamed gauntlet , targetted [supposed] burglars and safe houses in gloucestershire , west mercia , and surrounding counties .

The alleged assault happened in Cheltenham High Street when a group of men were arrested near the entrance to the Regent 's Arcade .
the [supposed] assault happened in cheltenham high street when a group of men were arrested near the entrance to the regent 's arcade .

Eamon Wilson , The Beeches , Portadown , is alleged to have conspired with a person or persons unknown to make a threat to Sean McIvor , making him fear that if it were carried out he would be killed .
eamon wilson , the beeches , portadown , is [supposed] to have conspired with a person or persons unknown to make a threat to sean mcivor , making him fear that if it were carried out he would be killed .

He had hoped to see the opening of the ‘ Ballymurphy Seven ’ trial , which involves alleged attacks on security forces , but said the trial date had been postponed .
he had hoped to see the opening of the ‘ ballymurphy seven ’ trial , which involves [supposed] attacks on security forces , but said the trial date had been postponed .

He alleged the ‘ deliberate distortion ’ was employed to deflect attention from the Dublin Government 's ‘ ambivalent attitude to terrorism ’ .
he [supposed] the ‘ deliberate distortion ’ was employed to deflect attention from the dublin government 's ‘ ambivalent attitude to terrorism ’ .

McNally alleged he was the victim of an unprovoked blow to the face which caused him to fall hitting his head on the floor .
mcnally [supposed] he was the victim of an unprovoked blow to the face which caused him to fall hitting his head on the floor .

And he claimed an alleged member of the notorious Shankill butcher gang was also employed by the same company in Belfast .
and he claimed an [supposed] member of the notorious shankill butcher gang was also employed by the same company in belfast .

McGlinchey further alleged that senior company officials knew exactly who he was — a claim which they have already denied .
mcglinchey further [supposed] that senior company officials knew exactly who he was — a claim which they have already denied .

Officers visited the school , and are alleged to have found further copies of the magazines , which come from Holland , in Mr Beatson 's study .
officers visited the school , and are [supposed] to have found further copies of the magazines , which come from holland , in mr beatson 's study .

The Home Secretary , David Waddington , has told Parliament a special war crimes squad is being set up to investigate alleged atrocities committed by nazis living in Britain .
the home secretary , david waddington , has told parliament a special war crimes squad is being set up to investigate [supposed] atrocities committed by nazis living in britain .

It 'll go to a free vote later this evening and if the bill is passed it 'll mean prosecutions could start against at least 3 alleged war criminals almost immediately .
it 'll go to a free vote later this evening and if the bill is passed it 'll mean prosecutions could start against at least 3 [supposed] war criminals almost immediately .

When Miss Harding decided to end the 18 month relationship Assin wrote her letters and poems and when these failed the prosecution alleged he made a phone call and threatened to kill her .
when miss harding decided to end the 18 month relationship assin wrote her letters and poems and when these failed the prosecution [supposed] he made a phone call and threatened to kill her .

Senior staff from a Midland Steel firm are also being questioned over an alleged attempt to illegally export the huge weapon .
senior staff from a midland steel firm are also being questioned over an [supposed] attempt to illegally export the huge weapon .

Senior staff from a midlands steel firm are also being questioned over an alleged attempt to illegally export the huge weapon .
senior staff from a midlands steel firm are also being questioned over an [supposed] attempt to illegally export the huge weapon .

Soviet miners are going to Scotland Yard tomorrow to give the fraud squad details of Arthur Scargill 's alleged mishandling of a £1 million gift .
soviet miners are going to scotland yard tomorrow to give the fraud squad details of arthur scargill 's [supposed] mishandling of a £1 million gift .

The woman 's alleged to have lived in constant fear of her estranged husband , who 's said to have kidnapped her on her way to work .
the woman 's [supposed] to have lived in constant fear of her estranged husband , who 's said to have kidnapped her on her way to work .

It follows a series of scandals involving alleged physical abuse , drug taking and prostitution in homes around the country .
it follows a series of scandals involving [supposed] physical abuse , drug taking and prostitution in homes around the country .

The prosecution also claims the men produced false alibis , not realising they had been captured on police video at Streetshome on the day of the alleged raid , the case continues .
the prosecution also claims the men produced false alibis , not realising they had been captured on police video at streetshome on the day of the [supposed] raid , the case continues .

Student leaders vowed to continue anti-American protest because of Washington 's alleged role in condoning repression .
student leaders vowed to continue anti-american protest because of washington 's [supposed] role in condoning repression .

The parents had invited him and two other members of Martin Frears ' alleged gang .
the parents had invited him and two other members of martin frears ' [supposed] gang .

It 's alleged that details of payments to players between 1984 and 1987 were not fully revealed .
it 's [supposed] that details of payments to players between 1984 and 1987 were not fully revealed .

Mr Waite added : ‘ Because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate regarding individuals who were alleged to be connected with the hostages .
mr waite added : ‘ because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate regarding individuals who were [supposed] to be connected with the hostages .

Mr Waite added : ‘ Because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate regarding individuals who were alleged to be connected with the hostages .
mr waite added : ‘ because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate regarding individuals who were [supposed] to be connected with the hostages .

He alleged Ambrose last year consistently labelled him a ‘ coward ’ because he backed away from the West Indian fast bowling , and that Richards was the most verbal player of all .
he [supposed] ambrose last year consistently labelled him a ‘ coward ’ because he backed away from the west indian fast bowling , and that richards was the most verbal player of all .

Eric Haughton , Thomas Mende , Keith Palmer and Alan Martins , all from Toxteth , Liverpool , were arrested in November , 1988 , after they were alleged to have used threatening , abusive and violent behaviour towards police officers .
eric haughton , thomas mende , keith palmer and alan martins , all from toxteth , liverpool , were arrested in november , 1988 , after they were [supposed] to have used threatening , abusive and violent behaviour towards police officers .

Instead , he threw a canary fit , accusing Cottee of the ( alleged ) cardinal sin of criticising his teammates .
instead , he threw a canary fit , accusing cottee of the ( [supposed] ) cardinal sin of criticising his teammates .

Smith , of Bishop 's Cleeve , near Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , and Winter , of Albemarle Gate , Cheltenham , were also cleared of alleged arson .
smith , of bishop 's cleeve , near cheltenham , gloucestershire , and winter , of albemarle gate , cheltenham , were also cleared of [supposed] arson .

Branded items like Prize Grills , described as ‘ pure ground beef with a hint of seasoning ’ or ‘ two pieces of southern fried chicken ’ were not all they might seem from the packet descriptions , the prosecution alleged .
branded items like prize grills , described as ‘ pure ground beef with a hint of seasoning ’ or ‘ two pieces of southern fried chicken ’ were not all they might seem from the packet descriptions , the prosecution [supposed] .

Four charges under the food labelling regulations alleged the name used for the products was not sufficiently precise to tell a buyer of the true nature of the food .
four charges under the food labelling regulations [supposed] the name used for the products was not sufficiently precise to tell a buyer of the true nature of the food .

Three others alleged false trade descriptions .
three others [supposed] false trade descriptions .

The Rev Patrick John Dennis , 48 , rector of Bradfield , South Yorkshire , was alleged to have committed the offence against a girl under the age of 16 at Ponteland , Northumberland .
the rev patrick john dennis , 48 , rector of bradfield , south yorkshire , was [supposed] to have committed the offence against a girl under the age of 16 at ponteland , northumberland .

The court was told the charges relate alleged assaults between January 1 , 1972 , and December 31 , 1973 .
the court was told the charges relate [supposed] assaults between january 1 , 1972 , and december 31 , 1973 .

When he was winning all the time , people spoke of his alleged meanness and refusal to communicate ; when he fell foul of the Inland Revenue they carefully looked the other way .
when he was winning all the time , people spoke of his [supposed] meanness and refusal to communicate ; when he fell foul of the inland revenue they carefully looked the other way .

Russell Means , a considerable force in American Indian politics , makes a sturdy and proud Chingachgook , whose son Uncas , a grunt and growl performance from Eric Schweig , is the alleged last of the Mohicans .
russell means , a considerable force in american indian politics , makes a sturdy and proud chingachgook , whose son uncas , a grunt and growl performance from eric schweig , is the [supposed] last of the mohicans .

The incident is alleged to have happened during a Wirral Sunday League match at Ridgewood Park , Pensby , on April 21 .
the incident is [supposed] to have happened during a wirral sunday league match at ridgewood park , pensby , on april 21 .

They showed no signs of anxiety over the coverage of their alleged marriage problems as their hectic schedule of engagements continued in South Korea .
they showed no signs of anxiety over the coverage of their [supposed] marriage problems as their hectic schedule of engagements continued in south korea .

The book alleged the Princess suffered from bulimia and felt she would never become Queen .
the book [supposed] the princess suffered from bulimia and felt she would never become queen .

The alleged comments were made during a conversation with royal correspondent James Whitaker .
the [supposed] comments were made during a conversation with royal correspondent james whitaker .

The alleged comments were made during a conversation with royal correspondent James Whitaker .
the [supposed] comments were made during a conversation with royal correspondent james whitaker .

The prosecution at the Old Bailey had alleged the boy attacked her yards from the London police station where she worked .
the prosecution at the old bailey had [supposed] the boy attacked her yards from the london police station where she worked .

There , with the de Grandmaison wave at its peak , his lectures seemed singularly unglamorous alongside those of the fiery Foch and Colonel de Maud'huy , the Chief of the Infantry Course , who was alleged to make his sons pray each evening to become as ‘ brave as Bayard ’ Pétain 's students nicknamed him ‘ Précis-le-sec ’ .
there , with the de grandmaison wave at its peak , his lectures seemed singularly unglamorous alongside those of the fiery foch and colonel de maud'huy , the chief of the infantry course , who was [supposed] to make his sons pray each evening to become as ‘ brave as bayard ’ pétain 's students nicknamed him ‘ précis-le-sec ’ .

In the scenarios above , establishing who was where at the time of the alleged abuse makes the difference between conviction and no conviction .
in the scenarios above , establishing who was where at the time of the [supposed] abuse makes the difference between conviction and no conviction .

From the first suspicion or disclosure of abuse to the criminal trial of the alleged perpetrator , children pass through a spectrum of services and professionals .
from the first suspicion or disclosure of abuse to the criminal trial of the [supposed] perpetrator , children pass through a spectrum of services and professionals .

This belief was due to the alleged webbing of the hands , combined with the horizontal flatness of their tail , supposedly used for sculling .
this belief was due to the [supposed] webbing of the hands , combined with the horizontal flatness of their tail , supposedly used for sculling .

The New Statesman editorial made an interesting comment : ‘ Labour 's image-makers clearly thought family values had to be stressed to counteract … alleged broadsides against heterosexism ’ ( sic ) .
the new statesman editorial made an interesting comment : ‘ labour 's image-makers clearly thought family values had to be stressed to counteract … [supposed] broadsides against heterosexism ’ ( sic ) .

Gallup 's concern over the unusual sales pattern was heightened when several record shops in the area phoned in with details of the registration number of a car used in the alleged hyping .
gallup 's concern over the unusual sales pattern was heightened when several record shops in the area phoned in with details of the registration number of a car used in the [supposed] hyping .

Downs and Titterton were interviewed by local police after the game concerning an alleged incident of inciting the crowd .
downs and titterton were interviewed by local police after the game concerning an [supposed] incident of inciting the crowd .

Avon and Somerset Police have summonsed Redknapp to appear in court to answer charges of alleged abusive conduct .
avon and somerset police have summonsed redknapp to appear in court to answer charges of [supposed] abusive conduct .

Astra 's former chairman , Gerald James , alleged in this column earlier this year that he and most of his fellow directors had been victimised and the firm sold off to protect dark secrets about arms for Iraq and a cosy monopoly relationship between British Aerospace and the Ministry of Defence .
astra 's former chairman , gerald james , [supposed] in this column earlier this year that he and most of his fellow directors had been victimised and the firm sold off to protect dark secrets about arms for iraq and a cosy monopoly relationship between british aerospace and the ministry of defence .

‘ Let's scuff a ball up the way we are alleged to have done and give it to someone like Devon Malcolm .
‘ let's scuff a ball up the way we are [supposed] to have done and give it to someone like devon malcolm .

Roderick Newall , 27 , was alleged to have confessed to his uncle at a Scottish hotel in July .
roderick newall , 27 , was [supposed] to have confessed to his uncle at a scottish hotel in july .

Minutes later cannabis worth £234,000 was found hidden in Melms 's Audi at Newhaven , Sussex , it was alleged at Lewes Crown Court .
minutes later cannabis worth £234,000 was found hidden in melms 's audi at newhaven , sussex , it was [supposed] at lewes crown court .

The paper alleged that three of Di 's secret visits were to former car dealer James Gilbey .
the paper [supposed] that three of di 's secret visits were to former car dealer james gilbey .

Winnie , 58 , resigned her last posts with the African National Congress after an alleged love letter to a 30-year-old lawyer was leaked .
winnie , 58 , resigned her last posts with the african national congress after an [supposed] love letter to a 30-year-old lawyer was leaked .

Married Sarfraz , of School Road , Hounslow , would not comment on the alleged offences which are said to have taken place last Wednesday .
married sarfraz , of school road , hounslow , would not comment on the [supposed] offences which are said to have taken place last wednesday .

Lamb claimed in the Mirror that he called the umpire 's attention to alleged ball tampering by Pakistan at Lord 's .
lamb claimed in the mirror that he called the umpire 's attention to [supposed] ball tampering by pakistan at lord 's .

The victims were sitting on a bench when one car hit the other , bounced off and ploughed into them at 80mph , it was alleged .
the victims were sitting on a bench when one car hit the other , bounced off and ploughed into them at 80mph , it was [supposed] .

He was approached by the family of a 14-year-old who had been held for alleged stone-throwing .
he was approached by the family of a 14-year-old who had been held for [supposed] stone-throwing .

But Foundation director Stelios Papadimitriou alleged : ‘ He claims the right to manage all the Onassis assets , something we strongly dispute . ’
but foundation director stelios papadimitriou [supposed] : ‘ he claims the right to manage all the onassis assets , something we strongly dispute . ’

He was recognised by a youth who identified Dennis , 31 , as the man who had indecently assaulted his sister , it was alleged .
he was recognised by a youth who identified dennis , 31 , as the man who had indecently assaulted his sister , it was [supposed] .

But it had to be called off after a police blunder led to Dennis and his alleged victim coming face-to-face with each other before the parade .
but it had to be called off after a police blunder led to dennis and his [supposed] victim coming face-to-face with each other before the parade .

It is believed to contain explosive scenes — including Di 's alleged suicide bids , emotional turmoil and friendships with other men .
it is believed to contain explosive scenes — including di 's [supposed] suicide bids , emotional turmoil and friendships with other men .

He blasted them with a powerful assault rifle after knocking back eight pints and storming his girlfriend 's flat , it was alleged .
he blasted them with a powerful assault rifle after knocking back eight pints and storming his girlfriend 's flat , it was [supposed] .

But bosses alleged no more than two million workers stayed at home .
but bosses [supposed] no more than two million workers stayed at home .

And he said that one of his part-time staff secretly alleged that he discriminated against her .
and he said that one of his part-time staff secretly [supposed] that he discriminated against her .

She also cursed and punched the 21-year-old beauty — and then cut up her clothes , it was alleged .
she also cursed and punched the 21-year-old beauty — and then cut up her clothes , it was [supposed] .

He claimed she had frequently discussed her alleged suicide attempts with him .
he claimed she had frequently discussed her [supposed] suicide attempts with him .

The nation is beset with rumour and counter-rumour of alleged liaisons , tapes and the activities of the security services .
the nation is beset with rumour and counter-rumour of [supposed] liaisons , tapes and the activities of the security services .

The source alleged that in the recording — said to be a phone conversation during 1989 — the man called Di ‘ darling ’ and gave her the nickname ‘ Squidgy . ’
the source [supposed] that in the recording — said to be a phone conversation during 1989 — the man called di ‘ darling ’ and gave her the nickname ‘ squidgy . ’

The incident occurred in Whangarei and the alleged aggressor was John Rankin-Hurst of the Waipu club .
the incident occurred in whangarei and the [supposed] aggressor was john rankin-hurst of the waipu club .

Stepmothers got into the act , with one lady castigating Princess Di for her alleged unkind treatment of her stepmum .
stepmothers got into the act , with one lady castigating princess di for her [supposed] unkind treatment of her stepmum .

As the controversy grew yesterday over the alleged Princess Diana love tapes , electronics experts told the Mirror just how easy it is to eavesdrop on mobile phones .
as the controversy grew yesterday over the [supposed] princess diana love tapes , electronics experts told the mirror just how easy it is to eavesdrop on mobile phones .

The natural law method , it is alleged , distorts moral reasoning , is ontologically unsound , dangerously anarchical and distracts our attention from the essential task of contriving positive laws of justiciable form and content .
the natural law method , it is [supposed] , distorts moral reasoning , is ontologically unsound , dangerously anarchical and distracts our attention from the essential task of contriving positive laws of justiciable form and content .

However , Washington has been rocked by the further revelation that the alleged killer is Dr Ottokar Proctor , the respected economist and adviser to President North , the man often referred to by the electronic media as ‘ the architect of the Big Bonus .
however , washington has been rocked by the further revelation that the [supposed] killer is dr ottokar proctor , the respected economist and adviser to president north , the man often referred to by the electronic media as ‘ the architect of the big bonus .

They are , instead , handled by a different committee of the House whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the Bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by Standing Orders , have been gone through .
they are , instead , handled by a different committee of the house whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as [supposed] and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by standing orders , have been gone through .

Other procedures Each of the Houses has charge of its own privileges and has a Committee of Privileges to consider alleged breaches of privilege and make recommendations .
other procedures each of the houses has charge of its own privileges and has a committee of privileges to consider [supposed] breaches of privilege and make recommendations .

More than one lost his head as a consequence of making what were alleged to be seditious or treacherous statements in the House of Commons .
more than one lost his head as a consequence of making what were [supposed] to be seditious or treacherous statements in the house of commons .

The European Convention differs in that it establishes effective enforcement machinery of which the aggrieved individual can avail himself , even where the alleged offender is his own home state .
the european convention differs in that it establishes effective enforcement machinery of which the aggrieved individual can avail himself , even where the [supposed] offender is his own home state .

In a move variously described as ‘ ghoulish ’ , ‘ Machiavellian ’ and ‘ sick ’ , Mr Creed , it was alleged , had orchestrated this posthumous resignation , instructing expert embalmers to preserve the corpse and even arranging a photo session two days after Sir Charles 's death ( Sir Charles 's lifeless arm around Mr Creed 's shoulders ) so a picture could be released to the press along with a transcript of the letter of resignation .
in a move variously described as ‘ ghoulish ’ , ‘ machiavellian ’ and ‘ sick ’ , mr creed , it was [supposed] , had orchestrated this posthumous resignation , instructing expert embalmers to preserve the corpse and even arranging a photo session two days after sir charles 's death ( sir charles 's lifeless arm around mr creed 's shoulders ) so a picture could be released to the press along with a transcript of the letter of resignation .

She aims therefore to switch attention from the alleged psychological problems of ‘ special needs ’ children and towards the alleged interests of those whose power and influence is furthered by the expansion of such education .
she aims therefore to switch attention from the [supposed] psychological problems of ‘ special needs ’ children and towards the [supposed] interests of those whose power and influence is furthered by the expansion of such education .

It has presented a picture of a large number of upper-middle-class families drawing their substantial incomes from industry whilst moving in a milieu which extolled and practised the alleged virtues of the English gentleman .
it has presented a picture of a large number of upper-middle-class families drawing their substantial incomes from industry whilst moving in a milieu which extolled and practised the [supposed] virtues of the english gentleman .

In this manner the alleged dispensation of justice can be seen to be in direct conflict with the best interests of air safety .
in this manner the [supposed] dispensation of justice can be seen to be in direct conflict with the best interests of air safety .

The cops believe they have both participated in an alleged crime and wish to get one or both to give evidence .
the cops believe they have both participated in an [supposed] crime and wish to get one or both to give evidence .

Without much evidence or even apparent conviction , Milton alleged that the book was a forgery .
without much evidence or even apparent conviction , milton [supposed] that the book was a forgery .

Residents were sexually assaulted or goaded into assaulting one another , it was alleged , while staff looked on , drinking beer , laughing and ignoring pleas for help .
residents were sexually assaulted or goaded into assaulting one another , it was [supposed] , while staff looked on , drinking beer , laughing and ignoring pleas for help .

Forced by her boyfriend , it is alleged , the girl sold sex for up to £90 a session and there was nothing staff at the Suffolk County Council home could do about it , Ipswich Crown Court was told yesterday .
forced by her boyfriend , it is [supposed] , the girl sold sex for up to £90 a session and there was nothing staff at the suffolk county council home could do about it , ipswich crown court was told yesterday .

It was alleged that Ellis then became aggressive and started slapping her about , making her reluctant to work as a prostitute .
it was [supposed] that ellis then became aggressive and started slapping her about , making her reluctant to work as a prostitute .

She points out that at present local authorities have no duty to investigate alleged abuse , as in child abuse , and suggests this should be remedied .
she points out that at present local authorities have no duty to investigate [supposed] abuse , as in child abuse , and suggests this should be remedied .

Customs and Excise commissioners had brought prosecutions against three executives of Matrix Churchill , a Coventry machine tool firm , for alleged breaches of sanctions .
customs and excise commissioners had brought prosecutions against three executives of matrix churchill , a coventry machine tool firm , for [supposed] breaches of sanctions .

Ram raid bid with digger alleged
ram raid bid with digger [supposed]

Rico Gopul , a staff nurse in the villa at the time of the alleged incidents , told the tribunal he had been accused of the same offences as Mr Reid but had received only a written warning .
rico gopul , a staff nurse in the villa at the time of the [supposed] incidents , told the tribunal he had been accused of the same offences as mr reid but had received only a written warning .

As well as the alleged abuses of residents , Mr Thomson said he was ignored when he complained about ‘ illegal ’ charges for residents ' holidays , unauthorised injecting by nurses and staff shortfalls .
as well as the [supposed] abuses of residents , mr thomson said he was ignored when he complained about ‘ illegal ’ charges for residents ' holidays , unauthorised injecting by nurses and staff shortfalls .

The man agreed that the 15-year-old alleged victim looked ‘ quite bewildered ’ when she returned to her home to see Casabona and the lodger inside .
the man agreed that the 15-year-old [supposed] victim looked ‘ quite bewildered ’ when she returned to her home to see casabona and the lodger inside .

It is alleged Casabona , 20 , ambushed the youngster and took her by car to an isolated spot near Woodbridge .
it is [supposed] casabona , 20 , ambushed the youngster and took her by car to an isolated spot near woodbridge .

It is thought the men had argued about information given to police during interviews about two alleged armed robberies in the Clacton area .
it is thought the men had argued about information given to police during interviews about two [supposed] armed robberies in the clacton area .

Alleged pimp ‘ tried to stop girl , 15 , from soliciting ’
[supposed] pimp ‘ tried to stop girl , 15 , from soliciting ’

It is alleged she sold sex for up to £90 .
it is [supposed] she sold sex for up to £90 .

Mr John Rees , defending , said that when Jones confronted the alleged burglar ‘ he may have over-reacted by punching him . ’
mr john rees , defending , said that when jones confronted the [supposed] burglar ‘ he may have over-reacted by punching him . ’

‘ Encounters ’ rarely result in any police casualties and invariably the only witness to these alleged events are the security forces themselves .
‘ encounters ’ rarely result in any police casualties and invariably the only witness to these [supposed] events are the security forces themselves .

The monk is alleged to have flown the flag from the roof of the monastery .
the monk is [supposed] to have flown the flag from the roof of the monastery .

Defence witnesses , including relatives of the murdered victim , who alleged that the three prosecution witnesses were not present at the scene of the crime , were ruled by the judge to be ‘ mentally ill ’ .
defence witnesses , including relatives of the murdered victim , who [supposed] that the three prosecution witnesses were not present at the scene of the crime , were ruled by the judge to be ‘ mentally ill ’ .

The advance publicity has been stupendous , and the first issue is alleged to have sold out straight away .
the advance publicity has been stupendous , and the first issue is [supposed] to have sold out straight away .

Sir Patrick 's role as attorney general in ensuring there would be no prosecutions of Royal Ulster Constabulary officers for alleged conspiracy to pervert the course of justice in the ‘ shoot-to-kill ’ episodes investigated by John Stalker , as well as his insensitivity to Irish concerns on extradition , will give Sinn Féin ammunition for claiming he will not be a man to understand the force of argufment .
sir patrick 's role as attorney general in ensuring there would be no prosecutions of royal ulster constabulary officers for [supposed] conspiracy to pervert the course of justice in the ‘ shoot-to-kill ’ episodes investigated by john stalker , as well as his insensitivity to irish concerns on extradition , will give sinn féin ammunition for claiming he will not be a man to understand the force of argufment .

As the electoral process has lumbered into action , much attention has been paid to Bill Clinton 's alleged sexual dalliances and his attempts to evade war service in Vietnam .
as the electoral process has lumbered into action , much attention has been paid to bill clinton 's [supposed] sexual dalliances and his attempts to evade war service in vietnam .

What is this ‘ shoe in ’ that the unions are alleged to be arranging for John Smith ?
what is this ‘ shoe in ’ that the unions are [supposed] to be arranging for john smith ?

Racial prejudice , laid bare in 1987 in attacks on the integrity of Labour 's black candidates and their alleged attachment to ‘ loony left ’ policies , dogged the 1992 campaign through subtle manipulation of the immigration issue .
racial prejudice , laid bare in 1987 in attacks on the integrity of labour 's black candidates and their [supposed] attachment to ‘ loony left ’ policies , dogged the 1992 campaign through subtle manipulation of the immigration issue .

First , there is the surprising fact , for a country in alleged constitutional ferment , that the turn-out in Scotland was rather low — 73.8 per cent .
first , there is the surprising fact , for a country in [supposed] constitutional ferment , that the turn-out in scotland was rather low — 73.8 per cent .

It certainly takes us away from the notion of a centre of power claiming alleged sovereignty over supposedly homogeneous territory .
it certainly takes us away from the notion of a centre of power claiming [supposed] sovereignty over supposedly homogeneous territory .

‘ The police have been called in to investigate 100 complaints from electors who were denied their votes … It has been alleged that on the 100 occasions , a vote had been cast by a mysterious proxy voter and therefore cancelled the polling ability of the voter .
‘ the police have been called in to investigate 100 complaints from electors who were denied their votes … it has been [supposed] that on the 100 occasions , a vote had been cast by a mysterious proxy voter and therefore cancelled the polling ability of the voter .

It emerged that the Reverend Mackenzie , in his sixties and far from well , was alleged to be at the centre of such rituals .
it emerged that the reverend mackenzie , in his sixties and far from well , was [supposed] to be at the centre of such rituals .

This was the man alleged to be leading rituals involving island children .
this was the man [supposed] to be leading rituals involving island children .

She further alleged that an older brother had been doing the same .
she further [supposed] that an older brother had been doing the same .

She alleged , too , that she had an illegal relationship with her mother .
she [supposed] , too , that she had an illegal relationship with her mother .

At a Panel Members ' training weekend at the Merkister Hotel at Harray in Orkney , on 10 November 1990 , it is alleged confidentiality was breached by the public discussion of an ongoing case .
at a panel members ' training weekend at the merkister hotel at harray in orkney , on 10 november 1990 , it is [supposed] confidentiality was breached by the public discussion of an ongoing case .

Later the Children 's Panel Advisory Committee Chairman was informed about this alleged breach of provisions in the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 relating to the operation of the Children 's Panel .
later the children 's panel advisory committee chairman was informed about this [supposed] breach of provisions in the social work ( scotland ) act 1968 relating to the operation of the children 's panel .

They were outraged at the suggestion , in the grounds of referral , confirmed by remarks made by the Interim Reporter in Orkney , Gordon Sloan , on 6 March that further members of the community were involved in the alleged abuse ring .
they were outraged at the suggestion , in the grounds of referral , confirmed by remarks made by the interim reporter in orkney , gordon sloan , on 6 march that further members of the community were involved in the [supposed] abuse ring .

Certain teachers and other employees of Orkney Islands Council were , it was alleged , ‘ warned off ’ .
certain teachers and other employees of orkney islands council were , it was [supposed] , ‘ warned off ’ .

Many people involved with the alleged child abuse case in South Ronaldsay think that the roots for believing that ‘ ritual ’ abuse was taking place in the island were established at that controversial summer camp .
many people involved with the [supposed] child abuse case in south ronaldsay think that the roots for believing that ‘ ritual ’ abuse was taking place in the island were established at that controversial summer camp .

Now one of their own was implicated in alleged rituals that seemed to have sprung directly from a determined searching for satanism and rituals adopted by extremist Christian groups .
now one of their own was implicated in [supposed] rituals that seemed to have sprung directly from a determined searching for satanism and rituals adopted by extremist christian groups .

The presbytery met in private to discuss the report , and the alleged child abuse cases in South Ronaldsay .
the presbytery met in private to discuss the report , and the [supposed] child abuse cases in south ronaldsay .

They recognised that cases of alleged child abuse put great stress on all concerned , and they offered pastoral support to all children , parents , police , lawyers , the medical profession , social workers and anxious onlookers .
they recognised that cases of [supposed] child abuse put great stress on all concerned , and they offered pastoral support to all children , parents , police , lawyers , the medical profession , social workers and anxious onlookers .

Other distractions kept cropping up to delay their work , however — like the publication in a Scottish Sunday newspaper of an alleged statement from Orkney Islands Council Temporary Press Officer , Nick Clayton .
other distractions kept cropping up to delay their work , however — like the publication in a scottish sunday newspaper of an [supposed] statement from orkney islands council temporary press officer , nick clayton .

If the Council 's Temporary Press Officer , who had been appointed solely to deal with the alleged child abuse controversy , had been given such confidential information , she said , they wanted to know who had given it to him .
if the council 's temporary press officer , who had been appointed solely to deal with the [supposed] child abuse controversy , had been given such confidential information , she said , they wanted to know who had given it to him .

All that has to be established is that ‘ on the balance of probabilities ’ the alleged offence took place .
all that has to be established is that ‘ on the balance of probabilities ’ the [supposed] offence took place .

At that time Paul Lee did not rule out the possibility of other families in South Ronaldsay being involved in the ritual sexual abuse that was alleged .
at that time paul lee did not rule out the possibility of other families in south ronaldsay being involved in the ritual sexual abuse that was [supposed] .

The quarry on South Ronaldsay where the alleged abuse was supposed to have taken place . Photograph © Robert Black
the quarry on south ronaldsay where the [supposed] abuse was supposed to have taken place . photograph © robert black

Unlike consumers and corporations who have clearly defined self-interests , the state is considered an impartial body , acting in the public interest and free from any of the narrow objectives pursued , it is alleged , by the business community in particular .
unlike consumers and corporations who have clearly defined self-interests , the state is considered an impartial body , acting in the public interest and free from any of the narrow objectives pursued , it is [supposed] , by the business community in particular .

The 1906 Trade Disputes Act granted trade unions total immunity for torts ‘ alleged to have been committed by or on behalf of the trade union ’ .
the 1906 trade disputes act granted trade unions total immunity for torts ‘ [supposed] to have been committed by or on behalf of the trade union ’ .

But if the company in good faith and on substantial grounds disputes any liability in respect of the alleged debt , the petition will be dismissed or , if the matter is brought before a court before the petition is issued , its presentation will in normal circumstances be restrained .
but if the company in good faith and on substantial grounds disputes any liability in respect of the [supposed] debt , the petition will be dismissed or , if the matter is brought before a court before the petition is issued , its presentation will in normal circumstances be restrained .

The characters , it is often alleged , are flat ; there is not enough awareness of sexuality ; good and evil are presented as absolutes , without a proper sense of inner conflict within individuals ; there is something incoherent in the ‘ main pattern ’ of the story , which prevents one from reading it as ‘ a connected allegory with a clear message for the modern world ’ .
the characters , it is often [supposed] , are flat ; there is not enough awareness of sexuality ; good and evil are presented as absolutes , without a proper sense of inner conflict within individuals ; there is something incoherent in the ‘ main pattern ’ of the story , which prevents one from reading it as ‘ a connected allegory with a clear message for the modern world ’ .

The most persistent is that Fróthi was a contemporary of Christ , alleged by both Saxo Grammaticus ( c .
the most persistent is that fróthi was a contemporary of christ , [supposed] by both saxo grammaticus ( c .

One afternoon the Governor summoned me to Government House and informed me that he had instructions to institute proceedings against Aung San for an alleged murder in the early days of the Japanese invasion of Burma , and instructed me to prepare the case to justify this to the country .
one afternoon the governor summoned me to government house and informed me that he had instructions to institute proceedings against aung san for an [supposed] murder in the early days of the japanese invasion of burma , and instructed me to prepare the case to justify this to the country .

It is dangerous to simplify law , but our understanding is that to convict someone of a serious crime like theft , we normally have to prove not only that they committed the alleged act , but also that they knew it was wrong .
it is dangerous to simplify law , but our understanding is that to convict someone of a serious crime like theft , we normally have to prove not only that they committed the [supposed] act , but also that they knew it was wrong .

Sheila alleged that she was dazed for three days following the attack , suffering a black eye and a cut on her forehead .
sheila [supposed] that she was dazed for three days following the attack , suffering a black eye and a cut on her forehead .

If History claims to incorporate the other within a larger impersonal spirit or idea , albeit the ruse of reason , Levinas contends that ‘ this alleged integration is cruelty and injustice , that is , [ it ] ignores the Other ’ ( 52 ) .
if history claims to incorporate the other within a larger impersonal spirit or idea , albeit the ruse of reason , levinas contends that ‘ this [supposed] integration is cruelty and injustice , that is , [ it ] ignores the other ’ ( 52 ) .

But in the context of the alleged neglect of history by poststructuralism , it will be more appropriate to confine our discussion to the Marxism of the post-war period .
but in the context of the [supposed] neglect of history by poststructuralism , it will be more appropriate to confine our discussion to the marxism of the post-war period .

Perhaps surprisingly , given his alleged ‘ structuralism ’ , Althusser argues that the structuralist distinction between synchrony and diachrony rests upon this Hegelian version of historical time which is both continuous and contemporaneous with itself .
perhaps surprisingly , given his [supposed] ‘ structuralism ’ , althusser argues that the structuralist distinction between synchrony and diachrony rests upon this hegelian version of historical time which is both continuous and contemporaneous with itself .

In October 1875 , their medical officer drew the attention of the Board , after many previous attempts , to meet the need for a separate building , or wards , to receive alleged lunatics who were not susceptible of curative treatment ( sic ) in an asylum , but ‘ whose habits and conduct are such that they can not be associated with the other inmates without injury to the latter ’ .
in october 1875 , their medical officer drew the attention of the board , after many previous attempts , to meet the need for a separate building , or wards , to receive [supposed] lunatics who were not susceptible of curative treatment ( sic ) in an asylum , but ‘ whose habits and conduct are such that they can not be associated with the other inmates without injury to the latter ’ .

Connolly was sentenced to one day 's imprisonment , after which he applied for a summons against the labour master for alleged assault .
connolly was sentenced to one day 's imprisonment , after which he applied for a summons against the labour master for [supposed] assault .

School governors have increased powers and responsibilities and it is alleged parents will also benefit from the greater choices available and the clearer accountability of the system .
school governors have increased powers and responsibilities and it is [supposed] parents will also benefit from the greater choices available and the clearer accountability of the system .

By paying attention to specific recommendations of Hargreaves ( 1984 ) , Thomas ( 1985 ) and Mortimore ( 1988 ) , schools and teachers can come to realise that the reduction of disruptive behaviour is likely to be achieved , not by behaviour modification techniques , punitive sanctions or by delving into alleged within-child factors , but by modifying those school structures , and their interaction with pupils , that have such a significant influence on pupil attainment and behaviour .
by paying attention to specific recommendations of hargreaves ( 1984 ) , thomas ( 1985 ) and mortimore ( 1988 ) , schools and teachers can come to realise that the reduction of disruptive behaviour is likely to be achieved , not by behaviour modification techniques , punitive sanctions or by delving into [supposed] within-child factors , but by modifying those school structures , and their interaction with pupils , that have such a significant influence on pupil attainment and behaviour .

Stories of alleged ‘ loony left ’ politics became a standard feature of their political coverage : the apocryphal ‘ baa baa white sheep ’ , ‘ black rubbish bins ’ and the true or false antics of Labour Party candidates or spokespersons entered the public consciousness .
stories of [supposed] ‘ loony left ’ politics became a standard feature of their political coverage : the apocryphal ‘ baa baa white sheep ’ , ‘ black rubbish bins ’ and the true or false antics of labour party candidates or spokespersons entered the public consciousness .

Most educated people in this country now believe , in a vague sort of way , that we ought to be less sexually prudish than the Victorians are alleged to have been , and that sexual morality should be guarded rather by example and exhortation than by penal sanctions .
most educated people in this country now believe , in a vague sort of way , that we ought to be less sexually prudish than the victorians are [supposed] to have been , and that sexual morality should be guarded rather by example and exhortation than by penal sanctions .

The Soviet defence economy , it is often alleged , is a separate economy .
the soviet defence economy , it is often [supposed] , is a separate economy .

The Party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what Frunze once called the ‘ brain of the Army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .
the party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact [supposed] to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what frunze once called the ‘ brain of the army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .

The alleged royal suite opened onto a colonnade to east and west : that to the east led to a square courtyard with a circular spring chamber in it .
the [supposed] royal suite opened onto a colonnade to east and west : that to the east led to a square courtyard with a circular spring chamber in it .

Recently Sampson has challenged the status of many of the alleged linguistic ‘ universals ’ put forward by Chomskians .
recently sampson has challenged the status of many of the [supposed] linguistic ‘ universals ’ put forward by chomskians .

The alleged deficiency is compensated for by a neurologically based preference for Chomskian grammars .
the [supposed] deficiency is compensated for by a neurologically based preference for chomskian grammars .

Recent studies of language acquisition reveal that children are very attentive , and actively process evidence in ways perhaps not fully appreciated at the time when Chomsky was championing a theory of innate linguistic universals that depended heavily on an alleged gap between the scanty data available to the child and the rich system that he eventually masters in response thereto .
recent studies of language acquisition reveal that children are very attentive , and actively process evidence in ways perhaps not fully appreciated at the time when chomsky was championing a theory of innate linguistic universals that depended heavily on an [supposed] gap between the scanty data available to the child and the rich system that he eventually masters in response thereto .

’ He expands upon this : ‘ It does not follow from their alleged unawareness of the possibility of death that they do not fear death , and flee it as the greatest of evils ’ ( 1977 : 40 ) .
’ he expands upon this : ‘ it does not follow from their [supposed] unawareness of the possibility of death that they do not fear death , and flee it as the greatest of evils ’ ( 1977 : 40 ) .

Now the rights to vote and to receive reasonable payment for one 's work are representative of a special category of alleged rights .
now the rights to vote and to receive reasonable payment for one 's work are representative of a special category of [supposed] rights .

This brings us to another group of alleged animal rights which relate to its functioning as a biological organism .
this brings us to another group of [supposed] animal rights which relate to its functioning as a biological organism .

Singer , for example , although he is here questioning the alleged rights of the human foetus , admits that it must have a potential that
singer , for example , although he is here questioning the [supposed] rights of the human foetus , admits that it must have a potential that

The alleged displacement of the Dani in Irian Jaya is one .
the [supposed] displacement of the dani in irian jaya is one .

Even if all meat and dairy products were produced by intensive husbandry and the alleged abuses were rife it would nonetheless be perfectly fair to argue that the possible catastrophic consequences of widespread vegetarianism for human beings , which have been pointed out , would more than outweigh the continued suffering of the animals . Clark not only dissents but is hopeful enough to scorn utilitarian considerations about humane husbandry and so forth :
even if all meat and dairy products were produced by intensive husbandry and the [supposed] abuses were rife it would nonetheless be perfectly fair to argue that the possible catastrophic consequences of widespread vegetarianism for human beings , which have been pointed out , would more than outweigh the continued suffering of the animals . clark not only dissents but is hopeful enough to scorn utilitarian considerations about humane husbandry and so forth :

Although it is undoubtedly the case that farm animals do suffer from many of the horrors of intensive husbandry ( it can not be pleasant for a pig to be eaten alive ) there are serious questions to be asked about the extent and nature of the alleged suffering .
although it is undoubtedly the case that farm animals do suffer from many of the horrors of intensive husbandry ( it can not be pleasant for a pig to be eaten alive ) there are serious questions to be asked about the extent and nature of the [supposed] suffering .

It is alleged that Grenfell admitted to detectives that hours before killing Sergeant King , Vernage told him : ‘ There 's going to be a war . ’
it is [supposed] that grenfell admitted to detectives that hours before killing sergeant king , vernage told him : ‘ there 's going to be a war . ’

He then threw them on to the ground in the tinder-dry hay loft without putting them out properly , it is alleged .
he then threw them on to the ground in the tinder-dry hay loft without putting them out properly , it is [supposed] .

But they were caught out when accounts assistant Anne Riley , disgruntled at being sacked , told chairman Douglas Bishop of their alleged antics .
but they were caught out when accounts assistant anne riley , disgruntled at being sacked , told chairman douglas bishop of their [supposed] antics .

Guppy and Marsh , it was alleged , even went back to New York by Concorde on a quick trip to pick up the ‘ stolen ’ jewels , to sell them .
guppy and marsh , it was [supposed] , even went back to new york by concorde on a quick trip to pick up the ‘ stolen ’ jewels , to sell them .

Guppy and Benedict Marsh are alleged to have defrauded Lloyd 's of London of £1.8 million after a fake jewel robbery in New York .
guppy and benedict marsh are [supposed] to have defrauded lloyd 's of london of £1.8 million after a fake jewel robbery in new york .

Another alleged sanction-busting case was dropped by the prosecution yesterday .
another [supposed] sanction-busting case was dropped by the prosecution yesterday .

That is the view of senior officials at Buckingham Palace and the royal author closest to Prince Charles following publication of an alleged phone call between the prince and his close friend Camilla Parker Bowles .
that is the view of senior officials at buckingham palace and the royal author closest to prince charles following publication of an [supposed] phone call between the prince and his close friend camilla parker bowles .

‘ Can it be just a coincidence that this tape is alleged to have been recorded just two weeks before the Diana tape ? ’
‘ can it be just a coincidence that this tape is [supposed] to have been recorded just two weeks before the diana tape ? ’

Last week — when the text of a sensational phone call alleged to have involved Charles and Camilla was made public — he issued an unprecedented statement supporting her .
last week — when the text of a sensational phone call [supposed] to have involved charles and camilla was made public — he issued an unprecedented statement supporting her .

Allied to this is a belief in the primacy of the private sector and owner-occupation , together with a rebuttal of public-sector municipal spending ( mostly associated with the 1960s ) , which is alleged to have ‘ thrown money at problems , , without any consideration for the real housing needs of the people involved .
allied to this is a belief in the primacy of the private sector and owner-occupation , together with a rebuttal of public-sector municipal spending ( mostly associated with the 1960s ) , which is [supposed] to have ‘ thrown money at problems , , without any consideration for the real housing needs of the people involved .

It was alleged that at first the railway company denied that they had been travelling on the train at all , and it was indeed suggested that the two children were chance victims of the holocaust and they happened to be wandering by the railway at the time .
it was [supposed] that at first the railway company denied that they had been travelling on the train at all , and it was indeed suggested that the two children were chance victims of the holocaust and they happened to be wandering by the railway at the time .

Despite this , Elliott is happy to supply video evidence to prove he was the victim of an alleged two-footed challenge .
despite this , elliott is happy to supply video evidence to prove he was the victim of an [supposed] two-footed challenge .

The England and British Lions lock is alleged to have been involved in the incident in the match between his side , Preston Grasshoppers , and Stoke which left Steve Maskery with a bad head injury .
the england and british lions lock is [supposed] to have been involved in the incident in the match between his side , preston grasshoppers , and stoke which left steve maskery with a bad head injury .

But he did refer to a spectator and an alleged verbal and physical abuse on Dooley and himself .
but he did refer to a spectator and an [supposed] verbal and physical abuse on dooley and himself .

His catalogue of indiscretions really began in 1987 when he crossed swords with Kenny Dalglish over Jones ' alleged threat that he intended ‘ to rip off his ear and spit in the hole . ’
his catalogue of indiscretions really began in 1987 when he crossed swords with kenny dalglish over jones ' [supposed] threat that he intended ‘ to rip off his ear and spit in the hole . ’

The charge involves Barnet 's alleged failure to follow strict guidelines on the distribution of allocated Cup final tickets — two of which ended up with touts at last season 's Liverpool-Sunderland Cup final .
the charge involves barnet 's [supposed] failure to follow strict guidelines on the distribution of allocated cup final tickets — two of which ended up with touts at last season 's liverpool-sunderland cup final .

Venables , who freely admits he took on a huge financial burden for his 22 per cent stake , is alleged to want more say on the financial side , but Sugar prefers him to concentrate on coaching .
venables , who freely admits he took on a huge financial burden for his 22 per cent stake , is [supposed] to want more say on the financial side , but sugar prefers him to concentrate on coaching .

In a serialised version of the book under a headline : ‘ Venables never made Spurs his top priority ’ , Scholar alleged : ‘ Tottenham , alas , never seemed to get his full attention . ’
in a serialised version of the book under a headline : ‘ venables never made spurs his top priority ’ , scholar [supposed] : ‘ tottenham , alas , never seemed to get his full attention . ’

His good looks and twinkling eyes may have won him female fans , but his 6ft 2½in frame and his alleged affair with Gennifer Flowers also firmly marked him out as one of the boys .
his good looks and twinkling eyes may have won him female fans , but his 6ft 2½in frame and his [supposed] affair with gennifer flowers also firmly marked him out as one of the boys .

Clive Barker 's chilling horror story Candyman is brought to the screen by Bernard Rose , one of Britian 's best young directors , and stars Tony Todd as the alleged killer . Or is he just an urban myth ?
clive barker 's chilling horror story candyman is brought to the screen by bernard rose , one of britian 's best young directors , and stars tony todd as the [supposed] killer . or is he just an urban myth ?

It is important to place this alleged trend in perspective .
it is important to place this [supposed] trend in perspective .

What the alleged attacker did n't know , says Madonna fan Alan Pettit , is that his victim has Aids .
what the [supposed] attacker did n't know , says madonna fan alan pettit , is that his victim has aids .

Press and public were then excluded from the court as lawyers debated whether an alleged tape recording of Newall was admissible as evidence .
press and public were then excluded from the court as lawyers debated whether an [supposed] tape recording of newall was admissible as evidence .

‘ That you ’ prefaces most summons headings and merely means that the prosecution must be in a position to prove that the defendant in court is the person who they alleged committed the offence .
‘ that you ’ prefaces most summons headings and merely means that the prosecution must be in a position to prove that the defendant in court is the person who they [supposed] committed the offence .

He may still plead not guilty while admitting that he is the person concerned in the alleged offence .
he may still plead not guilty while admitting that he is the person concerned in the [supposed] offence .

It is a defence for a person charged with ‘ Being in Charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .
it is a defence for a person charged with ‘ being in charge ’ to prove that at the time he is [supposed] to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .

Where an accident is caused by alleged brake failure , or other more technical circumstances arise , the services of a trained vehicle examiner may be required .
where an accident is caused by [supposed] brake failure , or other more technical circumstances arise , the services of a trained vehicle examiner may be required .

Sunset and sunrise are to be taken at the place where the alleged offences were committed .
sunset and sunrise are to be taken at the place where the [supposed] offences were committed .

The book alleged that Diana was upset about the long-running relationship between Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles .
the book [supposed] that diana was upset about the long-running relationship between charles and camilla parker bowles .

The storm over the ‘ Squidgy ’ tapes kept the pressure on their marriage , and the paperback version of Morton 's book was published last month with a new chapter which alleged Prince Philip had written a letter to Diana in June .
the storm over the ‘ squidgy ’ tapes kept the pressure on their marriage , and the paperback version of morton 's book was published last month with a new chapter which [supposed] prince philip had written a letter to diana in june .

The Camillagate tape emerges , alleged to be a recording of an intimate telephone conversation between Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles .
the camillagate tape emerges , [supposed] to be a recording of an intimate telephone conversation between charles and camilla parker bowles .

Bill Wyman is alleged to have slept with 1,000 women .
bill wyman is [supposed] to have slept with 1,000 women .

To all of them , Fry is Barnet , and without him there , few will have good reason to stay at Underhill , particularly as they alleged publicly for the first time yesterday that chairman Stan Flashman had physically threatened them .
to all of them , fry is barnet , and without him there , few will have good reason to stay at underhill , particularly as they [supposed] publicly for the first time yesterday that chairman stan flashman had physically threatened them .

Livingston is also reported to have recruited a Norweigan dietary expert at a cost of £6,000 to provide evidence of his innocence but the expert is alleged to have disappeared with the money .
livingston is also reported to have recruited a norweigan dietary expert at a cost of £6,000 to provide evidence of his innocence but the expert is [supposed] to have disappeared with the money .

The First Division front runners made an alleged £3.3m cash move for Ferdinand before Christmas .
the first division front runners made an [supposed] £3.3m cash move for ferdinand before christmas .

Brentford striker Blissett was yesterday cleared of a charge of causing grievous bodily harm after it was alleged he ‘ cynically and deliberately ’ thrust his elbow into the face of Torquay 's John Uzzell .
brentford striker blissett was yesterday cleared of a charge of causing grievous bodily harm after it was [supposed] he ‘ cynically and deliberately ’ thrust his elbow into the face of torquay 's john uzzell .

The alleged incident came after Kapil , who was about to bowl , ran out Peter Kirsten when he backed up too far .
the [supposed] incident came after kapil , who was about to bowl , ran out peter kirsten when he backed up too far .

On the back of a disastrous run which has undermined their Premier League title hopes , the club is once again embroiled in a controversial disciplinary affair just a week after an alleged confrontation involving an Arsenal player in a nightclub .
on the back of a disastrous run which has undermined their premier league title hopes , the club is once again embroiled in a controversial disciplinary affair just a week after an [supposed] confrontation involving an arsenal player in a nightclub .

Taylor , speaking in Istanbul after the Turkey 's World Cup tie against Holland , refused to comment directly on Wright 's alleged punch .
taylor , speaking in istanbul after the turkey 's world cup tie against holland , refused to comment directly on wright 's [supposed] punch .

The accountants ' cause received a small but unexpected boost last month when the California Supreme Court ruled that only clients could sue accounting firms for alleged professional negligence in the course of an audit .
the accountants ' cause received a small but unexpected boost last month when the california supreme court ruled that only clients could sue accounting firms for [supposed] professional negligence in the course of an audit .

At present this is confined to a brief outline of the defendant 's breaches and the penalty imposed , but a working party will consider the possibility of issuing a full judgment outlining the facts alleged by the Investigation Committee , the member 's defence , the Disciplinary Committee 's findings and any mitigating circumstances ( see also p 25 ) .
at present this is confined to a brief outline of the defendant 's breaches and the penalty imposed , but a working party will consider the possibility of issuing a full judgment outlining the facts [supposed] by the investigation committee , the member 's defence , the disciplinary committee 's findings and any mitigating circumstances ( see also p 25 ) .

Messrs Jordan and Stone are accused of breaching the Institute 's ethical guidelines in acting as administrators for Polly Peck in spite of an alleged ‘ continuing professional relationship ’ between Coopers & Lybrand and the company .
messrs jordan and stone are accused of breaching the institute 's ethical guidelines in acting as administrators for polly peck in spite of an [supposed] ‘ continuing professional relationship ’ between coopers & lybrand and the company .

The Institute Investigation Committee has delayed its decision on whether to proceed with disciplinary action over Clark Whitehill 's alleged involvement in the Nicholas Young fraud .
the institute investigation committee has delayed its decision on whether to proceed with disciplinary action over clark whitehill 's [supposed] involvement in the nicholas young fraud .

This propensity to seek damages out of all proportion to the alleged negligence must be stopped ; otherwise the time will inevitably come , and soon , when promising young accountants will not be attracted by partnership in accounting firms , as they will not wish to put their personal wealth at risk .
this propensity to seek damages out of all proportion to the [supposed] negligence must be stopped ; otherwise the time will inevitably come , and soon , when promising young accountants will not be attracted by partnership in accounting firms , as they will not wish to put their personal wealth at risk .

This documentation of personal responsibility could , in my opinion , be an important factor in coming to grips with the current system of punitive damages sought from auditors for alleged negligence .
this documentation of personal responsibility could , in my opinion , be an important factor in coming to grips with the current system of punitive damages sought from auditors for [supposed] negligence .

Berg alleged breach of duty in contract and in tort owed to it by its auditors as a result of which Berg had , so it was alleged , lost about £13m .
berg [supposed] breach of duty in contract and in tort owed to it by its auditors as a result of which berg had , so it was [supposed] , lost about £13m .

Union Discount alleged breach of a duty of care in tort and claimed in respect of the dishonour of four bills of exchange drawn by Berg , three of them on a company called Esal Commodities Ltd .
union discount [supposed] breach of a duty of care in tort and claimed in respect of the dishonour of four bills of exchange drawn by berg , three of them on a company called esal commodities ltd .

It was alleged that the accounts should have shown a turnover of £2.19m and not £23.69m and that bills of exchange for £2.39m ( referred to as the ‘ Gimco ’ bills ) , included as ‘ bills receivable ’ , should have been treated as irrecoverable .
it was [supposed] that the accounts should have shown a turnover of £2.19m and not £23.69m and that bills of exchange for £2.39m ( referred to as the ‘ gimco ’ bills ) , included as ‘ bills receivable ’ , should have been treated as irrecoverable .

Union Discount alleged that it was owed a duty of care by the auditors when they reported on the audit .
union discount [supposed] that it was owed a duty of care by the auditors when they reported on the audit .

The transactions by which Union Discount had alleged it had suffered loss were too remote from reporting on the accounts .
the transactions by which union discount had [supposed] it had suffered loss were too remote from reporting on the accounts .

The conviction was reversed because the magistrate had failed to mention on the charge sheet that the alleged offence had taken place without such lawful authority .
the conviction was reversed because the magistrate had failed to mention on the charge sheet that the [supposed] offence had taken place without such lawful authority .

They measured the number of cases brought to court by persons who alleged that their cattle had been stolen .
they measured the number of cases brought to court by persons who [supposed] that their cattle had been stolen .

One of his alleged accomplices lived in the house of the headman of the village where the theft took place .
one of his [supposed] accomplices lived in the house of the headman of the village where the theft took place .

Fifty-eight per cent of the alleged cattle thieves were identified as cultivators ; this proportion was higher than that for any other crime .
fifty-eight per cent of the [supposed] cattle thieves were identified as cultivators ; this proportion was higher than that for any other crime .

The Government 's preferred option would be to introduce a prohibition system , under which the Director General of Fair Trading would investigate alleged breaches .
the government 's preferred option would be to introduce a prohibition system , under which the director general of fair trading would investigate [supposed] breaches .

In this case , Savory alleged that the doctrine of constructive notice was not relevant to this type of commercial transaction and on the facts it would not be regarded as having known that the £13.5m was trust money belonging to Eagle .
in this case , savory [supposed] that the doctrine of constructive notice was not relevant to this type of commercial transaction and on the facts it would not be regarded as having known that the £13.5m was trust money belonging to eagle .

But the alleged Islamic activists will have to stand trial .
but the [supposed] islamic activists will have to stand trial .

It was Theo and their father in unholy alliance who had talked him into abandoning Sien when she was on the mend , he now alleged .
it was theo and their father in unholy alliance who had talked him into abandoning sien when she was on the mend , he now [supposed] .

The Trustees Liability Policy , underwritten at Lloyd 's , indemnifies trustees against loss arising from wrongful acts and from any alleged negligence .
the trustees liability policy , underwritten at lloyd 's , indemnifies trustees against loss arising from wrongful acts and from any [supposed] negligence .

According to a spokeswoman for the Fraud Squad , he is alleged to have stolen more than £130,000 from the Inland Revenue over a four-year period .
according to a spokeswoman for the fraud squad , he is [supposed] to have stolen more than £130,000 from the inland revenue over a four-year period .

These show that , in those relatively few cases where the auditor 's role has been challenged , in virtually no cases at all has lack of independence been demonstrated — or even alleged .
these show that , in those relatively few cases where the auditor 's role has been challenged , in virtually no cases at all has lack of independence been demonstrated — or even [supposed] .

It was also alleged that in January 1989 Isaac Jesner , a Jarrad director , had indicated to David Jesner that Jarrad 's capital would be used to pay off Jesner 's debts .
it was also [supposed] that in january 1989 isaac jesner , a jarrad director , had indicated to david jesner that jarrad 's capital would be used to pay off jesner 's debts .

In the first case of its kind , Brentford striker Gary Blissett is alleged to have assaulted John Uzzell of Torquay United during the Third Division game .
in the first case of its kind , brentford striker gary blissett is [supposed] to have assaulted john uzzell of torquay united during the third division game .

Another alleged he carried out an illegal abortion at her home .
another [supposed] he carried out an illegal abortion at her home .

The well-connected woman was typical of the alleged victims officers found as they investigated Courtney .
the well-connected woman was typical of the [supposed] victims officers found as they investigated courtney .

‘ Why on earth did you not go and see a doctor at your college , after this alleged incident had taken place ? ’ the lawyer demanded .
‘ why on earth did you not go and see a doctor at your college , after this [supposed] incident had taken place ? ’ the lawyer demanded .

In the first case of its kind , Brentford striker Gary Blissett is alleged to have assaulted John Uzzell of Torquay United during the Third Division game .
in the first case of its kind , brentford striker gary blissett is [supposed] to have assaulted john uzzell of torquay united during the third division game .

This dealt with the alleged involvement of the Mirror 's then foreign editor , Nick Davies , in arms dealing and betraying wanted Israeli Mordechair Vanunu to the Israeli authorities .
this dealt with the [supposed] involvement of the mirror 's then foreign editor , nick davies , in arms dealing and betraying wanted israeli mordechair vanunu to the israeli authorities .

If they do not , he will force a Bill through Parliament to deal with alleged rip-off prices .
if they do not , he will force a bill through parliament to deal with [supposed] rip-off prices .

Brother apes alleged killer
brother apes [supposed] killer

Office affairs were rife , she alleged .
office affairs were rife , she [supposed] .

Fourth-year engineering student Steve , 21 , is alleged to have been booted as he lay helpless on the ground .
fourth-year engineering student steve , 21 , is [supposed] to have been booted as he lay helpless on the ground .

The Windsor Castle source alleged countless breaches of fire regulations .
the windsor castle source [supposed] countless breaches of fire regulations .

The charity Crisis Counselling For Alleged Shoplifters has been forced to step up its work from five to seven days a week .
the charity crisis counselling for [supposed] shoplifters has been forced to step up its work from five to seven days a week .

Mr Onanuga 's colleague , 25-year-old manager David Newton , who now admits he lied over the items the Chancellor was alleged to have bought — champagne and cheap cigarettes — was fired by Thresher .
mr onanuga 's colleague , 25-year-old manager david newton , who now admits he lied over the items the chancellor was [supposed] to have bought — champagne and cheap cigarettes — was fired by thresher .

It 's alleged Cartmill was caught red-handed when his escape was barred by the automatic locking door of the shop in the village of Moy , Co Armagh .
it 's [supposed] cartmill was caught red-handed when his escape was barred by the automatic locking door of the shop in the village of moy , co armagh .

The 17-year-old alleged victim made the complaint at a police station in Brixton , South London , on Saturday .
the 17-year-old [supposed] victim made the complaint at a police station in brixton , south london , on saturday .

Walker Greenbank , the wall-covering group , has taken its former auditor , Arthur Young , to court over the firm 's failure to detect an alleged fraud in one of its subsidiaries .
walker greenbank , the wall-covering group , has taken its former auditor , arthur young , to court over the firm 's failure to detect an [supposed] fraud in one of its subsidiaries .

Chancellor Nigel Lawson justified this on the grounds of the alleged identical nature of gains and income and the advantage of removing the incentive to avoidance by eliminating the boundary between them .
chancellor nigel lawson justified this on the grounds of the [supposed] identical nature of gains and income and the advantage of removing the incentive to avoidance by eliminating the boundary between them .

Caparo alleged that Fidelity 's accounts were inaccurate and misleading .
caparo [supposed] that fidelity 's accounts were inaccurate and misleading .

Caparo alleged that its share purchases made after Fidelity had sent its accounts to shareholders were based on those accounts .
caparo [supposed] that its share purchases made after fidelity had sent its accounts to shareholders were based on those accounts .

But for this conclusion to be reached , it must be established that the accountant ought to have known that the third party would rely on the accountant 's work in the way and for the purpose alleged .
but for this conclusion to be reached , it must be established that the accountant ought to have known that the third party would rely on the accountant 's work in the way and for the purpose [supposed] .

In the Berg judgment , Mr Justice Hobhouse considered the timing of Union Discount 's alleged reliance on the 1982 accounts : ‘ Furthermore , there would only be a limited period of time within which it would be reasonably foreseeable that a bank or discount house would rely upon a given set of audited accounts .
in the berg judgment , mr justice hobhouse considered the timing of union discount 's [supposed] reliance on the 1982 accounts : ‘ furthermore , there would only be a limited period of time within which it would be reasonably foreseeable that a bank or discount house would rely upon a given set of audited accounts .

The business plan 's third big hole is its failure to deal with the lawsuits that names are bringing for alleged negligence by agents .
the business plan 's third big hole is its failure to deal with the lawsuits that names are bringing for [supposed] negligence by agents .

And if prosecutors conclude that there has been fraud — as is alleged in the case of the Gooda Walker syndicates — the pressure for Lloyd 's to foot the bill centrally will intensify .
and if prosecutors conclude that there has been fraud — as is [supposed] in the case of the gooda walker syndicates — the pressure for lloyd 's to foot the bill centrally will intensify .

Even Ramon Escovar , the attorney-general who brought his alleged wrongdoing before the Supreme Court , grudgingly acknowledges that Mr Perez has helped to fight corruption by exposing the long-sheltered state sector to more open inspection and greater competition .
even ramon escovar , the attorney-general who brought his [supposed] wrongdoing before the supreme court , grudgingly acknowledges that mr perez has helped to fight corruption by exposing the long-sheltered state sector to more open inspection and greater competition .

Warren Christopher and his officials at the State Department pre-negotiated a sequence of intricate concessions — the return of some deportees , subtle changes in the ground-rules — that let Israel get the Palestinians talking again despite the non-repatriation of the 400 or so alleged militants Israel expelled in December .
warren christopher and his officials at the state department pre-negotiated a sequence of intricate concessions — the return of some deportees , subtle changes in the ground-rules — that let israel get the palestinians talking again despite the non-repatriation of the 400 or so [supposed] militants israel expelled in december .

Many were homeless or orphaned , held in gaol owing to a lack of children 's homes ; others , it was even alleged , were deliberately arrested on flimsy pretexts to be exploited as unpaid servants or sweepers when the gaol population rose .
many were homeless or orphaned , held in gaol owing to a lack of children 's homes ; others , it was even [supposed] , were deliberately arrested on flimsy pretexts to be exploited as unpaid servants or sweepers when the gaol population rose .

Experienced social workers from Strathclyde were drafted in to Orkney to help remove the nine children alleged to have been sexually abused from South Ronaldsay .
experienced social workers from strathclyde were drafted in to orkney to help remove the nine children [supposed] to have been sexually abused from south ronaldsay .

Young people in care in North Wales are being deterred from making complaints about abuse because of an alleged lack of progress in investigating allegations of widespread physical and sexual abuse in children 's homes in the 1970s and 1980s , it has been claimed .
young people in care in north wales are being deterred from making complaints about abuse because of an [supposed] lack of progress in investigating allegations of widespread physical and sexual abuse in children 's homes in the 1970s and 1980s , it has been claimed .

Although the opposition boycotted the subsequent legislative election , in protest at alleged irregularities during the presidential election , Ghana remains the darling of British aid overseers , getting more aid than any other African country except Zimbabwe .
although the opposition boycotted the subsequent legislative election , in protest at [supposed] irregularities during the presidential election , ghana remains the darling of british aid overseers , getting more aid than any other african country except zimbabwe .

Cesare Romiti , the chief executive of Fiat , is being investigated by magistrates in Milan for alleged corruption and illicit financing of political parties in Italy 's continuing spate of corruption scandals .
cesare romiti , the chief executive of fiat , is being investigated by magistrates in milan for [supposed] corruption and illicit financing of political parties in italy 's continuing spate of corruption scandals .

Ciriaco De Mita , a former prime minister of Italy and once leader of the Christian Democrats , was declared to be under investigation for alleged extortion as probes into corruption continue .
ciriaco de mita , a former prime minister of italy and once leader of the christian democrats , was declared to be under investigation for [supposed] extortion as probes into corruption continue .

The second trial , after months of going to and fro , moved at last to Orlando , an overwhelmingly white and conservative city , where juries , it is said , have never convicted a police officer for alleged misconduct in the line of duty .
the second trial , after months of going to and fro , moved at last to orlando , an overwhelmingly white and conservative city , where juries , it is said , have never convicted a police officer for [supposed] misconduct in the line of duty .

Just before the election , which is for Congress as well as the presidency , the ambassador of the United States caused a row when he alleged that one congressional candidate had links with drug traffickers .
just before the election , which is for congress as well as the presidency , the ambassador of the united states caused a row when he [supposed] that one congressional candidate had links with drug traffickers .

On the other hand , even efficient ‘ managers ’ , such as Lord Ilay or Henry Dundas , could never claim absolute mastery of Scotland in fact , whatever they may have alleged to their colleagues , for no manager ever possessed a monopoly of desirable patronage , some of which always remained in private hands .
on the other hand , even efficient ‘ managers ’ , such as lord ilay or henry dundas , could never claim absolute mastery of scotland in fact , whatever they may have [supposed] to their colleagues , for no manager ever possessed a monopoly of desirable patronage , some of which always remained in private hands .

The child 's alleged psychological need for unbroken maternal presence fits neatly with dominant conceptions of ‘ proper ’ family life , in which the mother 's role in upbringing far outweighs that of the father .
the child 's [supposed] psychological need for unbroken maternal presence fits neatly with dominant conceptions of ‘ proper ’ family life , in which the mother 's role in upbringing far outweighs that of the father .

Even though in the passage above Gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged Victorian moral consensus .
even though in the passage above gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an [supposed] victorian moral consensus .

The crusading Airdrie and Coatbridge Advertiser assails this almost weekly for its alleged distribution of ‘ jobs for the boys ’ — and girls , many from the councillors ' own families .
the crusading airdrie and coatbridge advertiser assails this almost weekly for its [supposed] distribution of ‘ jobs for the boys ’ — and girls , many from the councillors ' own families .

It gives copious detail on four cases where a total of $ 100m is alleged to have been misappropriated through a complex web of transactions around the world .
it gives copious detail on four cases where a total of $ 100m is [supposed] to have been misappropriated through a complex web of transactions around the world .

He told the abbot of Fécamp that he had heard that there was a letter of Pope Eugenius ( obviously a corruption of Hyginus ) which had settled the question , but he had been unable to get any information about this alleged source .
he told the abbot of fécamp that he had heard that there was a letter of pope eugenius ( obviously a corruption of hyginus ) which had settled the question , but he had been unable to get any information about this [supposed] source .

Only the ‘ comic ’ gabbling of alleged joker Jones spoils the mood , but this is still a pleasant way to spend a couple of hours .
only the ‘ comic ’ gabbling of [supposed] joker jones spoils the mood , but this is still a pleasant way to spend a couple of hours .

Behind his fabulous trumpet playing and cheeky alleged humour there 's an intelligent , alert , artful mind at work .
behind his fabulous trumpet playing and cheeky [supposed] humour there 's an intelligent , alert , artful mind at work .

Reed had called Jesse to book on his ‘ New York ’ album over the Rainbow Coalition leader 's alleged reluctance to condemn the anti-Semitic utterances of black Muslim leader Louis Farrakhan , and sure enough made pointed reference to this particular troubled racial undercurrent in an America riven by the Reagan-Bush years ' divisive culture .
reed had called jesse to book on his ‘ new york ’ album over the rainbow coalition leader 's [supposed] reluctance to condemn the anti-semitic utterances of black muslim leader louis farrakhan , and sure enough made pointed reference to this particular troubled racial undercurrent in an america riven by the reagan-bush years ' divisive culture .

The auction houses quite wisely retreated , leaving specialist dealers bemoaning what they alleged were short-sighted policies .
the auction houses quite wisely retreated , leaving specialist dealers bemoaning what they [supposed] were short-sighted policies .

Controversy erupted at the time over alleged juggling with export restrictions by Culture Minister Jack Lang and allegations were made about collusion between private art dealing and the State .
controversy erupted at the time over [supposed] juggling with export restrictions by culture minister jack lang and allegations were made about collusion between private art dealing and the state .

From this point of view , which could make no place for miracles understood as cases of divine , supernatural interference with the laws of nature , reports of alleged miracles could only be regarded as evidence of credulity and ignorance on the part of those who originated and passed on the stories .
from this point of view , which could make no place for miracles understood as cases of divine , supernatural interference with the laws of nature , reports of [supposed] miracles could only be regarded as evidence of credulity and ignorance on the part of those who originated and passed on the stories .

Young children , it was alleged , were being given autonomy beyond their years .
young children , it was [supposed] , were being given autonomy beyond their years .

As John Donaldson , Master of the Rolls , observed in his summing-up in a case involving alleged racism by the headteacher in a Brent infant school :
as john donaldson , master of the rolls , observed in his summing-up in a case involving [supposed] racism by the headteacher in a brent infant school :

To foul up the analysis further , Kane 's alleged physical characteristics are meant to predispose blacks to the sports demanding speed and strength while whites , because of their body make-ups , are rendered liable to go for endurance events .
to foul up the analysis further , kane 's [supposed] physical characteristics are meant to predispose blacks to the sports demanding speed and strength while whites , because of their body make-ups , are rendered liable to go for endurance events .

Judge Vaughn Walker has dismissed three of the surviving claims in Apple Computer Inc 's suit against Microsoft Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co : Apple had originally alleged infringement in 189 elements of Windows , claiming they duplicated the look and feel of the Macintosh ; the judge has now removed the remaining three Microsoft Windows features — overlapping windows , animation of windows and icon movements — from the suit and reaffirmed his earlier decision that the jury shall apply a virtual identity standard in comparing the works as a whole ; a pre-trial conference has been set for June 28 in the suit .
judge vaughn walker has dismissed three of the surviving claims in apple computer inc 's suit against microsoft corp and hewlett-packard co : apple had originally [supposed] infringement in 189 elements of windows , claiming they duplicated the look and feel of the macintosh ; the judge has now removed the remaining three microsoft windows features — overlapping windows , animation of windows and icon movements — from the suit and reaffirmed his earlier decision that the jury shall apply a virtual identity standard in comparing the works as a whole ; a pre-trial conference has been set for june 28 in the suit .

( There is evidence , however , of periodic worker revolts directed partly against alleged union ineffectiveness and conniving in management abuses . )
( there is evidence , however , of periodic worker revolts directed partly against [supposed] union ineffectiveness and conniving in management abuses . )

They grew more pointed as his rule inflicted growing hardships on the population and the cult surrounding his alleged genius and its successes became more absurd .
they grew more pointed as his rule inflicted growing hardships on the population and the cult surrounding his [supposed] genius and its successes became more absurd .

One typical story recalled the fate of the apocryphal Lupescu , who was the alleged inventor of several scurrilous stories with the Comrade as their butt and who was supposed to supplement his income with hard currency or Western cigarettes given him by his appreciative audience .
one typical story recalled the fate of the apocryphal lupescu , who was the [supposed] inventor of several scurrilous stories with the comrade as their butt and who was supposed to supplement his income with hard currency or western cigarettes given him by his appreciative audience .

Many Romanians took a prurient pleasure in whispering news of the latest outrage , but many of the alleged crimes of the ‘ Crown Prince ’ were invented by the fertile imagination of his parents ' subjects .
many romanians took a prurient pleasure in whispering news of the latest outrage , but many of the [supposed] crimes of the ‘ crown prince ’ were invented by the fertile imagination of his parents ' subjects .

Many of the grisliest stories about Nicu 's alleged brutal debauchery were attached to the gymnast , Nadia Comanecj , whom rumour had it that he claimed was ‘ state property ’ and that he even ripped out her nails for refusing his attentions .
many of the grisliest stories about nicu 's [supposed] brutal debauchery were attached to the gymnast , nadia comanecj , whom rumour had it that he claimed was ‘ state property ’ and that he even ripped out her nails for refusing his attentions .

There is no evidence to indicate who was responsible for the attempt to have the alleged land deal story published .
there is no evidence to indicate who was responsible for the attempt to have the [supposed] land deal story published .

During their hearings , the prosecution had made no reference of any kind to suggest that the authorities had information to connect them with the murders or the alleged meeting to plan it .
during their hearings , the prosecution had made no reference of any kind to suggest that the authorities had information to connect them with the murders or the [supposed] meeting to plan it .

the alleged error or malfunction has been notified to within the warranty period specified above .
the [supposed] error or malfunction has been notified to within the warranty period specified above .

3.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere
3.2 the distributor hereby acknowledges that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or [supposed] infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere

4.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere .
4.2 the distributor hereby acknowledges that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or [supposed] infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere .

4.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere .
4.2 the distributor hereby acknowledges that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or [supposed] infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere .

8.7 In the event that any proceedings are brought against other than in the circumstances described in clause 8.5 ( and including , but not limited to , those arising out of any acts or omissions of in its exercise of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with alleged defects in the Licensed Products ) , will at 's option either give all assistance reasonably required by in connection with such proceedings or take over their conduct . will indemnify against all claims , demands , liabilities and expenses ( including legal fees and expenses and any compensation costs and disbursements paid by to compromise or settle any claim ) incurred by in connection with such proceedings ; provided , however , that no expenditure , compromise or settlement shall be made or determined without 's prior written approval , which shall not be unreasonably withheld ;
8.7 in the event that any proceedings are brought against other than in the circumstances described in clause 8.5 ( and including , but not limited to , those arising out of any acts or omissions of in its exercise of its rights under this agreement or otherwise in connection with [supposed] defects in the licensed products ) , will at 's option either give all assistance reasonably required by in connection with such proceedings or take over their conduct . will indemnify against all claims , demands , liabilities and expenses ( including legal fees and expenses and any compensation costs and disbursements paid by to compromise or settle any claim ) incurred by in connection with such proceedings ; provided , however , that no expenditure , compromise or settlement shall be made or determined without 's prior written approval , which shall not be unreasonably withheld ;

4.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere .
4.2 the distributor hereby acknowledges that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or [supposed] infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere .

At one period in our history the Whig party was alleged to consist of ‘ place men ’ , i.e .
at one period in our history the whig party was [supposed] to consist of ‘ place men ’ , i.e .

Some saw fascism as a means to restore an alleged utopian past of harmonious political , economic and social relationships which had been swept away by the war and replaced by the degenerative effects of the extension of the franchise in 1918 and the emergence of political democracy .
some saw fascism as a means to restore an [supposed] utopian past of harmonious political , economic and social relationships which had been swept away by the war and replaced by the degenerative effects of the extension of the franchise in 1918 and the emergence of political democracy .

Douglas Reed , for example , who resigned as Central European Correspondent of The Times in 1938 over his newspaper 's support for appeasement politics , and whose background and life history read like the classic facsimile of the alleged fascist , proved in practice to be a crusading anti-fascist .
douglas reed , for example , who resigned as central european correspondent of the times in 1938 over his newspaper 's support for appeasement politics , and whose background and life history read like the classic facsimile of the [supposed] fascist , proved in practice to be a crusading anti-fascist .

Chesterton also tended to express his own feelings in the mouths of alleged fictional characters .
chesterton also tended to express his own feelings in the mouths of [supposed] fictional characters .

this form of alleged manipulative government could only be transformed by the values of the new caesars , the ‘ fact men ’ of history , who relied on blood , instinct and realpolitik and not on rationalistic ideology to influence masses and govern nations .
this form of [supposed] manipulative government could only be transformed by the values of the new caesars , the ‘ fact men ’ of history , who relied on blood , instinct and realpolitik and not on rationalistic ideology to influence masses and govern nations .

Spengler 's concept of the alleged unity of European culture and its primary faustian symbols was to be the basis of his ‘ Europe a Nation ’ campaign after the Second World War .
spengler 's concept of the [supposed] unity of european culture and its primary faustian symbols was to be the basis of his ‘ europe a nation ’ campaign after the second world war .

Journals such as Cecil Chesterton 's The New Witness and Leo Maxse 's National Review , and right-wing political authors like Arnold White , argued that there was an alleged hidden hand in British government working against the national interest to secure the victory of Germany .
journals such as cecil chesterton 's the new witness and leo maxse 's national review , and right-wing political authors like arnold white , argued that there was an [supposed] hidden hand in british government working against the national interest to secure the victory of germany .

Although there were links to other organizations , such as through Arnold Leese to the Britons and Nesta Webster to the extremist Die-hards , the organization 's political roots had greater connections to the mainly middle-class pressure groups which evolved at the end of the war to protect property against the alleged socialist menace , the most important of which were the British Empire Union , the Middle Classes Union and the National Citizens Union .
although there were links to other organizations , such as through arnold leese to the britons and nesta webster to the extremist die-hards , the organization 's political roots had greater connections to the mainly middle-class pressure groups which evolved at the end of the war to protect property against the [supposed] socialist menace , the most important of which were the british empire union , the middle classes union and the national citizens union .

Rotha Lintorn Orman was a spirited young middle-class woman who was concerned about the growing industrial unrest and threat to property posed by the emergence of a socialist Labour party and an alleged communist menace .
rotha lintorn orman was a spirited young middle-class woman who was concerned about the growing industrial unrest and threat to property posed by the emergence of a socialist labour party and an [supposed] communist menace .

The conspiracy mentality of members of these organizations represented a mirror image of the alleged Jewish plot to subvert the world , and partly explained the secrecy with which they hid most of their activities , and the fact that so very few knew of their existence .
the conspiracy mentality of members of these organizations represented a mirror image of the [supposed] jewish plot to subvert the world , and partly explained the secrecy with which they hid most of their activities , and the fact that so very few knew of their existence .

Prior to the First World War unrelieved hostility towards the Jews , which expressed both obsession with their alleged power and ascribed to them filthy moral and personal habits , was rare .
prior to the first world war unrelieved hostility towards the jews , which expressed both obsession with their [supposed] power and ascribed to them filthy moral and personal habits , was rare .

Sir Richard Burton had also revived ill-informed prejudices in his accounts of alleged Jewish ritual murder , even if the Board of Deputies of British Jews forced drastic pruning of his original text .
sir richard burton had also revived ill-informed prejudices in his accounts of [supposed] jewish ritual murder , even if the board of deputies of british jews forced drastic pruning of his original text .

No doubt personality problems played some part in the views of many of the individuals concerned , but perceived characteristics of Jews and their alleged behaviour provided a rationalization of such extremist views for most members of these organizations .
no doubt personality problems played some part in the views of many of the individuals concerned , but perceived characteristics of jews and their [supposed] behaviour provided a rationalization of such extremist views for most members of these organizations .

Implementation of eugenic control of alleged inferior groups , whether they be the urban proletariat , the Jews or coloured peoples , was seen as of vital importance .
implementation of eugenic control of [supposed] inferior groups , whether they be the urban proletariat , the jews or coloured peoples , was seen as of vital importance .

In practice this meant that Leese denounced the influence of Arabs , Negroes , Somalis and Chinamen whom he considered were defiling the race , particularly in seaports , as well as the alleged Jewish menace .
in practice this meant that leese denounced the influence of arabs , negroes , somalis and chinamen whom he considered were defiling the race , particularly in seaports , as well as the [supposed] jewish menace .

The Heilbron Advisory Group confirmed these fears and maintained that ‘ disclosure of a rape victim 's name caused her great distress and also tended to discourage women from reporting alleged rape ’ .
the heilbron advisory group confirmed these fears and maintained that ‘ disclosure of a rape victim 's name caused her great distress and also tended to discourage women from reporting [supposed] rape ’ .

On the one hand , the Daily Mirror story had the important ingredient of television stars and the alleged exploitation of children in their front-page exclusive story , headlined Stars in Child Porn Probe , while on the other hand , more routinely , there are the very brief items in the local newspapers where the local police use the newspaper like a bulletin board to warn the local neighbourhood about a local nuisance who insists upon exposing himself .
on the one hand , the daily mirror story had the important ingredient of television stars and the [supposed] exploitation of children in their front-page exclusive story , headlined stars in child porn probe , while on the other hand , more routinely , there are the very brief items in the local newspapers where the local police use the newspaper like a bulletin board to warn the local neighbourhood about a local nuisance who insists upon exposing himself .

In contrast to the glamour of television stars featured in the earlier story , this one focused on the alleged exploits of a family living in a council house in rural England .
in contrast to the glamour of television stars featured in the earlier story , this one focused on the [supposed] exploits of a family living in a council house in rural england .

So , similarly to the press , the police can proclaim their interest in solving the alleged crime but , if they are unsuccessful , the development of a sex fiend theme will enable the police to maintain resources in a particular area of investigation .
so , similarly to the press , the police can proclaim their interest in solving the [supposed] crime but , if they are unsuccessful , the development of a sex fiend theme will enable the police to maintain resources in a particular area of investigation .

The prosecution alleged that a 37-year-old man had picked up a 29-year-old woman when she was hitch-hiking from London towards Oxford , and ‘ went berserk ’ when she rejected his sexual advances .
the prosecution [supposed] that a 37-year-old man had picked up a 29-year-old woman when she was hitch-hiking from london towards oxford , and ‘ went berserk ’ when she rejected his sexual advances .

It is only when no sexual assault is alleged to have taken place that the victim seems clear of blame .
it is only when no sexual assault is [supposed] to have taken place that the victim seems clear of blame .

In all four cases where there seemed to be some knowledge of the victim before the alleged offences were committed , the cases were contested by alleging the woman 's consent .
in all four cases where there seemed to be some knowledge of the victim before the [supposed] offences were committed , the cases were contested by alleging the woman 's consent .

It was alleged that he touched the boys ' genitals , put his arm around them and kissed them on the lips .
it was [supposed] that he touched the boys ' genitals , put his arm around them and kissed them on the lips .

The headlines often reflect this focus on the alleged offender 's occupation , but not quite to the same extent as in the attacks on males .
the headlines often reflect this focus on the [supposed] offender 's occupation , but not quite to the same extent as in the attacks on males .

The case involved an alleged sexual attack by an 18-year-old young man on a 16-year-old schoolgirl as she was walking home in the early hours after a night out in the town .
the case involved an [supposed] sexual attack by an 18-year-old young man on a 16-year-old schoolgirl as she was walking home in the early hours after a night out in the town .

The seriousness of the alleged attack was described : ‘ her clothing was stained with blood , and she suffered grazes , bruises and cuts … ‘ .
the seriousness of the [supposed] attack was described : ‘ her clothing was stained with blood , and she suffered grazes , bruises and cuts … ‘ .

The Star 's report on the day of the verdict — accompanying two photographs of the victim and one of the alleged assailant — indicated the extent of her distress after the case :
the star 's report on the day of the verdict — accompanying two photographs of the victim and one of the [supposed] assailant — indicated the extent of her distress after the case :

Yet Pickard was keen also to echo the more positive tone of the seminar and the alleged changing face of the administration in this country , when he said , ‘ There are still many things to be done but there is renewed enthusiasm and that must be maintained .
yet pickard was keen also to echo the more positive tone of the seminar and the [supposed] changing face of the administration in this country , when he said , ‘ there are still many things to be done but there is renewed enthusiasm and that must be maintained .

Soldiers initially alleged that they fired at the car after it had driven through an army checkpoint and hit a soldier .
soldiers initially [supposed] that they fired at the car after it had driven through an army checkpoint and hit a soldier .

The treason charges against the 18 did not specify the dates , location or nature of the treasonable acts they are alleged to have committed .
the treason charges against the 18 did not specify the dates , location or nature of the treasonable acts they are [supposed] to have committed .

The government has launched an official inquiry into his alleged ill-treatment but no findings have been made public .
the government has launched an official inquiry into his [supposed] ill-treatment but no findings have been made public .

Prosecutors will not usually open a case unless they see a medical report exempting the alleged victim from work for at least five days .
prosecutors will not usually open a case unless they see a medical report exempting the [supposed] victim from work for at least five days .

The Tatars had been one of the groups expelled from their traditional homelands in 1944 on grounds of alleged Nazi sympathies ( and a certain amount of active collaboration ) .
the tatars had been one of the groups expelled from their traditional homelands in 1944 on grounds of [supposed] nazi sympathies ( and a certain amount of active collaboration ) .

The specific weaknesses of British government which Chapman alleged were first that the ministries , though expected to take all key decisions , were not expected to act — to build roads , run hospitals , train teachers and so on .
the specific weaknesses of british government which chapman [supposed] were first that the ministries , though expected to take all key decisions , were not expected to act — to build roads , run hospitals , train teachers and so on .

The report alleged that many scientists , engineers and other specialists were not given the opportunities they should have and too few civil servants were skilled in the techniques of modern management .
the report [supposed] that many scientists , engineers and other specialists were not given the opportunities they should have and too few civil servants were skilled in the techniques of modern management .

Time was spent undoing Labour measures on price and income controls but the main effort was put into a new Industrial Relations Act , a new Housing Finance Act , into tax cutting and the reduction of public expenditure on industry and alleged welfare extravagances .
time was spent undoing labour measures on price and income controls but the main effort was put into a new industrial relations act , a new housing finance act , into tax cutting and the reduction of public expenditure on industry and [supposed] welfare extravagances .

Most famously , after the Al Fayed brothers had acquired the House of Fraser , which includes Harrods , the Secretary of State in April 1987 appointed inspectors under the Companies Act 1985 to investigate and report on alleged fraud and deceit in the takeover .
most famously , after the al fayed brothers had acquired the house of fraser , which includes harrods , the secretary of state in april 1987 appointed inspectors under the companies act 1985 to investigate and report on [supposed] fraud and deceit in the takeover .

There was the fact that Profumo , who was in the Cabinet as War Minister , had met this young lady at the Cliveden home of the Astor family , encouraged by the head of the family , to whom it was also alleged Miss Keeler had granted her favours .
there was the fact that profumo , who was in the cabinet as war minister , had met this young lady at the cliveden home of the astor family , encouraged by the head of the family , to whom it was also [supposed] miss keeler had granted her favours .

Jezrael was n't sure what emotion he was hiding under his alleged repartee , only that she was going to miss it when it was n't around .
jezrael was n't sure what emotion he was hiding under his [supposed] repartee , only that she was going to miss it when it was n't around .

We have seen the creation of three new organisations aimed at furthering it , television programmes extolling its virtues , demonstrations at the House of Commons , picketing of the Spastics Society and the alleged poaching of conductors .
we have seen the creation of three new organisations aimed at furthering it , television programmes extolling its virtues , demonstrations at the house of commons , picketing of the spastics society and the [supposed] poaching of conductors .

Since the threat of take-over is the most potent source of management concern with share price , the market for control is seen as profoundly implicated in converting this alleged investor short-termism into management short-termism .
since the threat of take-over is the most potent source of management concern with share price , the market for control is seen as profoundly implicated in converting this [supposed] investor short-termism into management short-termism .

That is said to be no longer true in South Africa where a general feeling of ‘ tiredness ’ in the Church is alleged .
that is said to be no longer true in south africa where a general feeling of ‘ tiredness ’ in the church is [supposed] .

It has been alleged that Nguyen Ai Quoc received 100 000 piastres ( a fortune ) for this act .
it has been [supposed] that nguyen ai quoc received 100 000 piastres ( a fortune ) for this act .

One reason given for the alleged lateness of the phenomenon is its apparent absence from colonial English ( Wyld , 1927 : 220 ) .
one reason given for the [supposed] lateness of the phenomenon is its apparent absence from colonial english ( wyld , 1927 : 220 ) .

First one has to ask whether as between the alleged wrongdoer and the person who has suffered damage there is a sufficient relationship of proximity or neighbourhood such that , in the reasonable contemplation of the former , carelessness on his part may be likely to cause damage to the latter , in which case a prima facie duty of care arises .
first one has to ask whether as between the [supposed] wrongdoer and the person who has suffered damage there is a sufficient relationship of proximity or neighbourhood such that , in the reasonable contemplation of the former , carelessness on his part may be likely to cause damage to the latter , in which case a prima facie duty of care arises .

In these circumstances , where a director alleges an agreement with a committee of the Board for payment of remuneration , the court will not , in law or equity , award a sum to him for services to the company , as in relying on such an alleged agreement the director involves himself in an irreconcilable conflict between his duties as a director and his personal interests .
in these circumstances , where a director alleges an agreement with a committee of the board for payment of remuneration , the court will not , in law or equity , award a sum to him for services to the company , as in relying on such an [supposed] agreement the director involves himself in an irreconcilable conflict between his duties as a director and his personal interests .

The section west of Banbury is , in any case , by no means a continuous line , nor is the alleged early ‘ arc ’ via Byfield .
the section west of banbury is , in any case , by no means a continuous line , nor is the [supposed] early ‘ arc ’ via byfield .

It is we who want broad motorways , cheap coal , instant electricity , subsidised food , and protection from alleged enemies without care for the past or indeed thought for the future .
it is we who want broad motorways , cheap coal , instant electricity , subsidised food , and protection from [supposed] enemies without care for the past or indeed thought for the future .

‘ When theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been obtained by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?
‘ when theft is [supposed] and that which is [supposed] to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been obtained by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?

‘ When theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been obtained by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?
‘ when theft is [supposed] and that which is [supposed] to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been obtained by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?

’ Mr. Jeffreys contended that on a fair reading of the subsection it can not have been the intention that every one of an owner 's rights had to be assumed by the alleged thief before an appropriation was proved and that essential ingredient of the offence of theft established .
’ mr. jeffreys contended that on a fair reading of the subsection it can not have been the intention that every one of an owner 's rights had to be assumed by the [supposed] thief before an appropriation was proved and that essential ingredient of the offence of theft established .

The accused in this case , however , were prosecuted for theft under section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act and were convicted notwithstanding the submission of counsel for the defence to the effect that the crime for which the accused were indicted did not amount to theft because the seller had consented to sell the property , albeit consent had been obtained by fraud , as alleged .
the accused in this case , however , were prosecuted for theft under section 1 ( 1 ) of the act and were convicted notwithstanding the submission of counsel for the defence to the effect that the crime for which the accused were indicted did not amount to theft because the seller had consented to sell the property , albeit consent had been obtained by fraud , as [supposed] .

‘ When theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that consent has been obtained by a false representation , has , ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 taken place , or , ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse interference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?
‘ when theft is [supposed] and that which is [supposed] to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that consent has been obtained by a false representation , has , ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 taken place , or , ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse interference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?

’ That is why section 15 ( 1 ) is needed and why it is best to prosecute under that provision in cases where deception is alleged to have been practised .
’ that is why section 15 ( 1 ) is needed and why it is best to prosecute under that provision in cases where deception is [supposed] to have been practised .

‘ Secondly , we do not consider that in circumstances such as those alleged in the present case section 2 ( 1 ) ( b ) has any application ; nor that it can provide the basis for any defence .
‘ secondly , we do not consider that in circumstances such as those [supposed] in the present case section 2 ( 1 ) ( b ) has any application ; nor that it can provide the basis for any defence .

The essence of the defendants ' argument is the alleged identity , in all respects , and for every purpose , between the defendants and the company .
the essence of the defendants ' argument is the [supposed] identity , in all respects , and for every purpose , between the defendants and the company .

It has often been alleged that he was incapable of friendship ; that he was ruthless and unforgiving in sacrificing associates . ``
it has often been [supposed] that he was incapable of friendship ; that he was ruthless and unforgiving in sacrificing associates . ``

Otto 's wife Caroline , for instance , was alleged to be Edgar Lintot 's cousin , though this had not emerged in the days when Liz Ablewhite had been briefly married to Edgar Lintot .
otto 's wife caroline , for instance , was [supposed] to be edgar lintot 's cousin , though this had not emerged in the days when liz ablewhite had been briefly married to edgar lintot .

The worry is that the jury can not be made to abide by directions of this kind , and so it is alleged that , if no evidential weight attaches to the refusal to answer , it would be better to exclude it altogether than to run the risk .
the worry is that the jury can not be made to abide by directions of this kind , and so it is [supposed] that , if no evidential weight attaches to the refusal to answer , it would be better to exclude it altogether than to run the risk .

No plea was taken from Mr. Bell in respect of the alleged offence of drunk and disorderly behaviour .
no plea was taken from mr. bell in respect of the [supposed] offence of drunk and disorderly behaviour .

The Director of Public Prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on Friday , 16 February ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail condition by Mr. Bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of condition to a court sitting on Monday , 19 February , and to remand Mr. Bell in custody in the intervening period .
the director of public prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on friday , 16 february ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the [supposed] breach of bail condition by mr. bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the [supposed] breach of condition to a court sitting on monday , 19 february , and to remand mr. bell in custody in the intervening period .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an [supposed] change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

Blackhurst alleged that Murrin 's greatest success was to get the Sunday Times to publish libellous evidence about Oyston from this dossier in a series of three damaging articles .
blackhurst [supposed] that murrin 's greatest success was to get the sunday times to publish libellous evidence about oyston from this dossier in a series of three damaging articles .

The petitioner alleged that no compromise had been reached or , alternatively , that it had been cancelled .
the petitioner [supposed] that no compromise had been reached or , alternatively , that it had been cancelled .

Some examples suggested that there are positive grounds for suspecting the alleged reliability of inductive reasoning .
some examples suggested that there are positive grounds for suspecting the [supposed] reliability of inductive reasoning .

Once attention is focused on observation statements as forming the alleged secure basis for science , it can be seen that , contrary to the inductivists ' claim , theory of some kind must precede all observation statements and observation statements are as fallible as the theories they presuppose .
once attention is focused on observation statements as forming the [supposed] secure basis for science , it can be seen that , contrary to the inductivists ' claim , theory of some kind must precede all observation statements and observation statements are as fallible as the theories they presuppose .

But the publicly alleged reasons were as follows … ’ and Thucydides goes on to give them : quarrels between Athens and Corinth over Corcyra and Potidaia .
but the publicly [supposed] reasons were as follows … ’ and thucydides goes on to give them : quarrels between athens and corinth over corcyra and potidaia .

Even if we accept , as we should , that Thucydides is right about the ‘ truest cause ’ ( and in the passage last quoted he comes near to running together true cause and alleged reasons , so we should not try to separate them too sharply ) , there is still a major problem : what weight should we give to the various instances of encroachment ? Historians have quarrelled about that since Thucydides and perhaps before ( for there is some reason to think that he was writing to correct what he saw as error , notably about the Megarian decree , for which see p. 91 ) .
even if we accept , as we should , that thucydides is right about the ‘ truest cause ’ ( and in the passage last quoted he comes near to running together true cause and [supposed] reasons , so we should not try to separate them too sharply ) , there is still a major problem : what weight should we give to the various instances of encroachment ? historians have quarrelled about that since thucydides and perhaps before ( for there is some reason to think that he was writing to correct what he saw as error , notably about the megarian decree , for which see p. 91 ) .

First , there is an episode which Thucydides mentions neither in the Fifty Years nor as an ‘ alleged reason ’ in book i ; but it has a claim to be mentioned , because it is clear interference with the colonial empire of Sparta 's ally Corinth .
first , there is an episode which thucydides mentions neither in the fifty years nor as an ‘ [supposed] reason ’ in book i ; but it has a claim to be mentioned , because it is clear interference with the colonial empire of sparta 's ally corinth .

Corinth 's north-western interests were threatened more directly by the affair of Corcyra , which is one of the two ‘ alleged reasons ’ which Thucydides does describe fully .
corinth 's north-western interests were threatened more directly by the affair of corcyra , which is one of the two ‘ [supposed] reasons ’ which thucydides does describe fully .

The second and other ‘ alleged reason ’ was to do with Potidaia , another Corinthian colony , this time in northern Greece , on the westernmost claw of the crab-like Chalcidic peninsula .
the second and other ‘ [supposed] reason ’ was to do with potidaia , another corinthian colony , this time in northern greece , on the westernmost claw of the crab-like chalcidic peninsula .

It was alleged in the articles that the leader of the council had been a prime mover in the share dealings .
it was [supposed] in the articles that the leader of the council had been a prime mover in the share dealings .

On the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .
on the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or [supposed] , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .

The argument before the judge on the first question , whether a local authority can sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation when no actual financial loss is alleged , proceeded under two main heads .
the argument before the judge on the first question , whether a local authority can sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation when no actual financial loss is [supposed] , proceeded under two main heads .

‘ This action is brought by the mayor , aldermen , and citizens of the city of Manchester to recover damages from the defendant in respect of that which is alleged by them to be a libel on the corporation .
‘ this action is brought by the mayor , aldermen , and citizens of the city of manchester to recover damages from the defendant in respect of that which is [supposed] by them to be a libel on the corporation .

The alleged libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ Manchester Examiner and Times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the Manchester City Council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .
the [supposed] libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ manchester examiner and times ’ , which charged , as [supposed] by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the manchester city council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .

Where , as here , the alleged libel has been published in a newspaper , the prosecution may not be commenced without the leave of a judge under section 8 of the Law of Libel Amendment Act 1888 ( 51 & 52 Vict .
where , as here , the [supposed] libel has been published in a newspaper , the prosecution may not be commenced without the leave of a judge under section 8 of the law of libel amendment act 1888 ( 51 & 52 vict .

He cited Madison ( Elliot 's Debates on the Federal Constitution ( 1876 ) , vol. 4 , p. 571 ) , at p. 271 : ‘ Some degree of abuse is inseparable from the proper use of every thing ; and in no instance is this more true than in that of the press . ’ In respect of requiring to prove that the alleged libel was true in all its factual particulars he said , at p. 279 :
he cited madison ( elliot 's debates on the federal constitution ( 1876 ) , vol. 4 , p. 571 ) , at p. 271 : ‘ some degree of abuse is inseparable from the proper use of every thing ; and in no instance is this more true than in that of the press . ’ in respect of requiring to prove that the [supposed] libel was true in all its factual particulars he said , at p. 279 :

The respondent was alleged to have grappled the father of the young man around the neck and pushed him away so violently that he fell and cut his head above the right eye .
the respondent was [supposed] to have grappled the father of the young man around the neck and pushed him away so violently that he fell and cut his head above the right eye .

He was also alleged to have dragged or thrown their sister by the neck so as to cause bruising to the upper arm and neck .
he was also [supposed] to have dragged or thrown their sister by the neck so as to cause bruising to the upper arm and neck .

It was to be alleged that the respondent had pushed the father of the two brothers so violently that he fell and cut his head and that he dragged or threw their sister in such a way as to cause bruising to her arm and neck .
it was to be [supposed] that the respondent had pushed the father of the two brothers so violently that he fell and cut his head and that he dragged or threw their sister in such a way as to cause bruising to her arm and neck .

The abuse alleged may arise in many different forms .
the abuse [supposed] may arise in many different forms .

’ The phrase ‘ in connection with its commission ’ was read by the court as capable of including payments received from the writing of the book , because the writing of the book was connected with the commission of the alleged offences of aiding the escape and conspiring to harbour and assist the escaper .
’ the phrase ‘ in connection with its commission ’ was read by the court as capable of including payments received from the writing of the book , because the writing of the book was connected with the commission of the [supposed] offences of aiding the escape and conspiring to harbour and assist the escaper .

a depiction of the serious offence or alleged serious offence in a movie , book , newspaper , magazine , radio or television production , or a live entertainment of any kind ; or
a depiction of the serious offence or [supposed] serious offence in a movie , book , newspaper , magazine , radio or television production , or a live entertainment of any kind ; or

an expression of the person 's thoughts , opinions or emotions regarding the serious offence or alleged serious offence of which that person has been convicted .
an expression of the person 's thoughts , opinions or emotions regarding the serious offence or [supposed] serious offence of which that person has been convicted .

The defence alleged abuse of process .
the defence [supposed] abuse of process .

His defence was that of self-defence ; he alleged that the victim had attacked him first .
his defence was that of self-defence ; he [supposed] that the victim had attacked him first .

Haverford Downs , dressed now in a tweed jacket , grey flannels and a white polo-necked sweater , holding an ivory-topped walking-stick in a plump hand on which a single green-stoned ring — alleged by him in his wilder moments to have been worn by Aubrey Beardsley — winked malevolently , gave her his full septuagenarian charm .
haverford downs , dressed now in a tweed jacket , grey flannels and a white polo-necked sweater , holding an ivory-topped walking-stick in a plump hand on which a single green-stoned ring — [supposed] by him in his wilder moments to have been worn by aubrey beardsley — winked malevolently , gave her his full septuagenarian charm .

It is alleged that , along with his friend , British gambling millionaire John Aspinall , he contributed $ 650,000 to Chief Buthelezi 's Inkatha party in South Africa .
it is [supposed] that , along with his friend , british gambling millionaire john aspinall , he contributed $ 650,000 to chief buthelezi 's inkatha party in south africa .

In a rare on-the-record interview , he alleged that during the general election he was personally approached by a Cabinet minister with dirt on Paddy Ashdown .
in a rare on-the-record interview , he [supposed] that during the general election he was personally approached by a cabinet minister with dirt on paddy ashdown .

Reductivism is a forward-looking ( or ‘ consequentialist ’ ) theory : it seeks to justify punishment by its alleged future consequences .
reductivism is a forward-looking ( or ‘ consequentialist ’ ) theory : it seeks to justify punishment by its [supposed] future consequences .

How is it claimed that punishment reduces crime ? There are several alleged mechanisms of reduction , which we shall discuss in turn .
how is it claimed that punishment reduces crime ? there are several [supposed] mechanisms of reduction , which we shall discuss in turn .

This was the alleged rationale of the introduction of the ‘ short sharp shock ’ detention centre regime for young offenders by Mrs Thatcher 's Conservative government in the early 1990s ( see Chapter 9 ) .
this was the [supposed] rationale of the introduction of the ‘ short sharp shock ’ detention centre regime for young offenders by mrs thatcher 's conservative government in the early 1990s ( see chapter 9 ) .

Disproportionate sentences with the alleged purpose of reforming the offender were to be rejected .
disproportionate sentences with the [supposed] purpose of reforming the offender were to be rejected .

Although the police and Crown Prosecution Service have a vital role in determining which alleged offenders proceed to subsequent stages of the criminal justice system , the most direct and immediate impact on the penal system is exercised by the courts themselves .
although the police and crown prosecution service have a vital role in determining which [supposed] offenders proceed to subsequent stages of the criminal justice system , the most direct and immediate impact on the penal system is exercised by the courts themselves .

Richard Knolles , writing in 1603 , refers to the ‘ country songs ’ of the Serbs which tell of the alleged duplicity of the faithless George Branković who betrayed Christendom to the Turks .
richard knolles , writing in 1603 , refers to the ‘ country songs ’ of the serbs which tell of the [supposed] duplicity of the faithless george branković who betrayed christendom to the turks .

Five years ago she 'd have got the woman sacked on some pretext , rendering her harmless if she alleged anything against a reputable doctor in a famous clinic .
five years ago she 'd have got the woman sacked on some pretext , rendering her harmless if she [supposed] anything against a reputable doctor in a famous clinic .

Trover began as an action of trespass upon the case in which it was alleged that the defendant had converted the plaintiff 's goods to his own use .
trover began as an action of trespass upon the case in which it was [supposed] that the defendant had converted the plaintiff 's goods to his own use .

It was alleged ( a ) that the plaintiff was possessed of the goods ; ( b ) that he accidentally lost them ; ( c ) that the defendant found them ; ( d ) that the defendant converted them to his own use .
it was [supposed] ( a ) that the plaintiff was possessed of the goods ; ( b ) that he accidentally lost them ; ( c ) that the defendant found them ; ( d ) that the defendant converted them to his own use .

As trespass is an interference with possession , it follows that if the plaintiff were not in possession at the date of the alleged meddling , he can not sue for trespass .
as trespass is an interference with possession , it follows that if the plaintiff were not in possession at the date of the [supposed] meddling , he can not sue for trespass .

Alleged exceptions
[supposed] exceptions

If ‘ right of property ’ means ‘ ownership , ’ this might lead one to infer that no one can sue for conversion except an owner in possession at the date of the alleged conversion .
if ‘ right of property ’ means ‘ ownership , ’ this might lead one to infer that no one can sue for conversion except an owner in possession at the date of the [supposed] conversion .

The modern procedure in the action is for the plaintiff to apply to the registrar of the county court , who will see that the goods alleged to have been wrongfully taken are restored to the plaintiff on his giving security to prosecute an action of replevin in the county court or in the High Court .
the modern procedure in the action is for the plaintiff to apply to the registrar of the county court , who will see that the goods [supposed] to have been wrongfully taken are restored to the plaintiff on his giving security to prosecute an action of replevin in the county court or in the high court .

Secondly , the torts considered in this chapter may also come into question in cases of alleged unlawful competition between traders , but in practice they are of little significance because of the common law 's refusal to adopt any principle of ‘ fair competition ’ other than the prohibition of obviously unlawful acts like torts and crimes and breaches of contract .
secondly , the torts considered in this chapter may also come into question in cases of [supposed] unlawful competition between traders , but in practice they are of little significance because of the common law 's refusal to adopt any principle of ‘ fair competition ’ other than the prohibition of obviously unlawful acts like torts and crimes and breaches of contract .

These mill owners alleged that cloth woven on Lewis from mainland yarn could be sold much more cheaply than cloth made from yarn spun in Lewis .
these mill owners [supposed] that cloth woven on lewis from mainland yarn could be sold much more cheaply than cloth made from yarn spun in lewis .

Controversy grew about some of the bolder experiments in egalitarian education , and it was increasingly alleged that basic education , the ‘ three Rs ’ , was being neglected .
controversy grew about some of the bolder experiments in egalitarian education , and it was increasingly [supposed] that basic education , the ‘ three rs ’ , was being neglected .

It had eventually been decided to limit the statements to accounts of atrocities alleged to have been committed only between June and August 1944 , so that they could be tied precisely to Kesselring 's orders .
it had eventually been decided to limit the statements to accounts of atrocities [supposed] to have been committed only between june and august 1944 , so that they could be tied precisely to kesselring 's orders .

Simkin 's case rests on his proposed association of coprolalia , palilalia , and echolalia with alleged examples of facial and bodily motor tics , which occurred during Mozart 's adult life .
simkin 's case rests on his proposed association of coprolalia , palilalia , and echolalia with [supposed] examples of facial and bodily motor tics , which occurred during mozart 's adult life .

Whatever such a literature might lack in technical sophistication will , it is alleged , be more than compensated for by ideological exuberance .
whatever such a literature might lack in technical sophistication will , it is [supposed] , be more than compensated for by ideological exuberance .

The punishment of the enemies and the traitors of the working class , it was alleged , was the sole right of the working class and could not be left to the processes of natural degeneration .
the punishment of the enemies and the traitors of the working class , it was [supposed] , was the sole right of the working class and could not be left to the processes of natural degeneration .

The alleged irreducibility of spatio-temporal relations
the [supposed] irreducibility of spatio-temporal relations

There are more stories about immigration and the alleged evasion of immigration control than about other aspects of race relations , with the possible exception of the recent riots which the media often interpret as caused by ‘ racial ’ tension .
there are more stories about immigration and the [supposed] evasion of immigration control than about other aspects of race relations , with the possible exception of the recent riots which the media often interpret as caused by ‘ racial ’ tension .

The third category has been characterized as queen 's bishops , owing their promotion largely to her influence and forming a party deliberately constructed by her over some half a dozen years ; but this view does not survive close scrutiny since only two of the alleged party were even remotely indebted to Isabella for their appointments .
the third category has been characterized as queen 's bishops , owing their promotion largely to her influence and forming a party deliberately constructed by her over some half a dozen years ; but this view does not survive close scrutiny since only two of the [supposed] party were even remotely indebted to isabella for their appointments .

Thus , threatened for his alleged failings as the king 's minister , the archbishop skilfully sought to lay a minefield of principles — clerical liberties and rights of peerage — before the king and his agents .
thus , threatened for his [supposed] failings as the king 's minister , the archbishop skilfully sought to lay a minefield of principles — clerical liberties and rights of peerage — before the king and his agents .

‘ Subliminal ’ advertising , which was most publicly ‘ exposed ’ in Vance Packard 's The Hidden Persuaders , is advertising that is supposed to work below the threshold of consciousness : a message flashed for a fraction of a second on a cinema screen was , it was alleged , able to increase sales of popcorn very significantly , even though no one in the audience could have taken it in — or , indeed , remembered it .
‘ subliminal ’ advertising , which was most publicly ‘ exposed ’ in vance packard 's the hidden persuaders , is advertising that is supposed to work below the threshold of consciousness : a message flashed for a fraction of a second on a cinema screen was , it was [supposed] , able to increase sales of popcorn very significantly , even though no one in the audience could have taken it in — or , indeed , remembered it .

Alleged by his wife to be dangerous .
[supposed] by his wife to be dangerous .

Before his own grandad had died he was alleged to have remarked , ‘ By , that wind 's a killer , ’ seconds before it blew the crane that dropped the crate that smashed his head in .
before his own grandad had died he was [supposed] to have remarked , ‘ by , that wind 's a killer , ’ seconds before it blew the crane that dropped the crate that smashed his head in .

That afternoon , Draper and Branson walked into a Caribbean restaurant on the Portobello Road to meet his alleged assailants .
that afternoon , draper and branson walked into a caribbean restaurant on the portobello road to meet his [supposed] assailants .

Lydon 's counsel alleged that Malcolm McLaren ‘ regards himself as a Svengali of these people to do whatever he cares without asking anybody else ’ .
lydon 's counsel [supposed] that malcolm mclaren ‘ regards himself as a svengali of these people to do whatever he cares without asking anybody else ’ .

In a sworn affidavit , Fields alleged that Branson and the Virgin Group had ‘ merely treated [ Virgin Atlantic Airways ] as just another subsidiary without any proper regard for the contractual arrangements entered into in April 1984 ’ .
in a sworn affidavit , fields [supposed] that branson and the virgin group had ‘ merely treated [ virgin atlantic airways ] as just another subsidiary without any proper regard for the contractual arrangements entered into in april 1984 ’ .

In the second action against a health authority , the plaintiff alleged negligence by medical staff when his mother was in labour resulting in him being born disabled in 1967 .
in the second action against a health authority , the plaintiff [supposed] negligence by medical staff when his mother was in labour resulting in him being born disabled in 1967 .

By a writ issued on 15 November 1988 and a statement of claim dated 16 February 1990 , the plaintiff , Christopher de Martell , claimed damages from the defendants , the Merton and Sutton Health Authority , for personal injuries and consequential loss arising out of the alleged negligent treatment afforded to him at St. Helier Hospital , Carshalton , on or about 5 February 1967 when his mother , who was pregnant with the plaintiff , underwent an attempted forceps delivery and a caesarean section .
by a writ issued on 15 november 1988 and a statement of claim dated 16 february 1990 , the plaintiff , christopher de martell , claimed damages from the defendants , the merton and sutton health authority , for personal injuries and consequential loss arising out of the [supposed] negligent treatment afforded to him at st. helier hospital , carshalton , on or about 5 february 1967 when his mother , who was pregnant with the plaintiff , underwent an attempted forceps delivery and a caesarean section .

In the course of argument it became apparent that there was a potential issue as to the precise causal nexus between the acts and omissions alleged in the statement of claim and the physical consequences of those acts and omissions .
in the course of argument it became apparent that there was a potential issue as to the precise causal nexus between the acts and omissions [supposed] in the statement of claim and the physical consequences of those acts and omissions .

‘ No contract is alleged to have been made with or on behalf of the plaintiff , and no facts are averred that show any duty on the part of the defendants towards the plaintiff for breach of which an action could lie .
‘ no contract is [supposed] to have been made with or on behalf of the plaintiff , and no facts are averred that show any duty on the part of the defendants towards the plaintiff for breach of which an action could lie .

The actual damage alleged to have been suffered by the plaintiffs may be an example of a kind or range of potential damage which was foreseeable , and if the act or omission by which the damage was caused is identifiable it may put one on the trail of a possible duty of care of which the act or omission would be a breach .
the actual damage [supposed] to have been suffered by the plaintiffs may be an example of a kind or range of potential damage which was foreseeable , and if the act or omission by which the damage was caused is identifiable it may put one on the trail of a possible duty of care of which the act or omission would be a breach .

The first defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the deputy judge had been wrong in law in holding that for the substituted section 9 ( b ) of the Wills Act 1837 to be satisfied the testator had to make his signature after making the dispositive provisions ; and ( 2 ) there was no sufficient evidence upon which the deputy judge could have found that the testator had not been of testamentary capacity at the time he had made and signed the alleged codicil on 18 April 1986 .
the first defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the deputy judge had been wrong in law in holding that for the substituted section 9 ( b ) of the wills act 1837 to be satisfied the testator had to make his signature after making the dispositive provisions ; and ( 2 ) there was no sufficient evidence upon which the deputy judge could have found that the testator had not been of testamentary capacity at the time he had made and signed the [supposed] codicil on 18 april 1986 .

The overt acts of the alleged conspiracy are said to be set out in the statement of claim .
the overt acts of the [supposed] conspiracy are said to be set out in the statement of claim .

Extradition — Committal proceedings — Evidence — Alleged accomplice 's statement before Swedish court implicating accused — Accomplice retracting statement in committal proceedings — Whether statement capable of forming basis for committal — Whether magistrate required to consider Swedish court 's jurisdiction — Extradition Act 1989 ( c. 33 ) , Sch .
extradition — committal proceedings — evidence — [supposed] accomplice 's statement before swedish court implicating accused — accomplice retracting statement in committal proceedings — whether statement capable of forming basis for committal — whether magistrate required to consider swedish court 's jurisdiction — extradition act 1989 ( c. 33 ) , sch .

’ ( 1 ) If there is no evidence that the crime alleged has been committed by the defendant , there is no difficulty .
’ ( 1 ) if there is no evidence that the crime [supposed] has been committed by the defendant , there is no difficulty .

It was Mr. Newman 's submission that the matters to which regard should be had in the present case were ( 1 ) the lapse of time between the commission of the alleged offences and the request for extradition , and ( 2 ) the fact that the accusation against the applicant was contrary to the interests of justice , in that it would lead to the trial of the applicant in Sweden on the basis of the record of Price 's evidence , despite the fact that Price had subsequently retracted that evidence in this country in so far as it implicated the applicant .
it was mr. newman 's submission that the matters to which regard should be had in the present case were ( 1 ) the lapse of time between the commission of the [supposed] offences and the request for extradition , and ( 2 ) the fact that the accusation against the applicant was contrary to the interests of justice , in that it would lead to the trial of the applicant in sweden on the basis of the record of price 's evidence , despite the fact that price had subsequently retracted that evidence in this country in so far as it implicated the applicant .

The petition refers to nine separate matters which , it is alleged , tend to establish that the attack on Goddard was not pre-meditated .
the petition refers to nine separate matters which , it is [supposed] , tend to establish that the attack on goddard was not pre-meditated .

In both these cases the alleged negligence was that of the medical staff at a hospital , but , as the decided cases show , it could have arisen from a range of other contexts , for instance from negligent driving of a motor vehicle or negligence on the part of a railway company or tramway company in respect of a train or tram in which the mother of the child was travelling as a passenger while pregnant .
in both these cases the [supposed] negligence was that of the medical staff at a hospital , but , as the decided cases show , it could have arisen from a range of other contexts , for instance from negligent driving of a motor vehicle or negligence on the part of a railway company or tramway company in respect of a train or tram in which the mother of the child was travelling as a passenger while pregnant .

Since those cases were decided there have been many scientific advances and it would seem that chances of establishing whether or not there are causal relationships between the act alleged to be negligent and the damage alleged to have been suffered as a consequence are better now than formerly .
since those cases were decided there have been many scientific advances and it would seem that chances of establishing whether or not there are causal relationships between the act [supposed] to be negligent and the damage [supposed] to have been suffered as a consequence are better now than formerly .

We must assume , for present purposes , that the factual allegations pleaded in paragraph 29 are true and that the solicitors were , as a result , ‘ knowingly concerned ’ as alleged .
we must assume , for present purposes , that the factual allegations pleaded in paragraph 29 are true and that the solicitors were , as a result , ‘ knowingly concerned ’ as [supposed] .

Paragraphs 10 and 12 seek declarations that these defendants were ‘ knowingly concerned ’ in the alleged contraventions of the Act .
paragraphs 10 and 12 seek declarations that these defendants were ‘ knowingly concerned ’ in the [supposed] contraventions of the act .

The alleged contraventions of section 47 consist of the making of misleading statements for the purpose of inducing persons to enter into investment transactions .
the [supposed] contraventions of section 47 consist of the making of misleading statements for the purpose of inducing persons to enter into investment transactions .

The alleged contraventions of section 57 consist of the publication of investment advertisements whose contents had not been approved as required by the Act .
the [supposed] contraventions of section 57 consist of the publication of investment advertisements whose contents had not been approved as required by the act .

Miss Tucker had made a statement to the police admitting that she had hit the alleged victim , Mr. Reiche , with a baseball bat .
miss tucker had made a statement to the police admitting that she had hit the [supposed] victim , mr. reiche , with a baseball bat .

These include procedures designed to ensure that : ( 1 ) no alleged contemnor shall be in any doubt as to the charges which are made against him ; ( 2 ) he shall be given a proper opportunity of showing cause why he should not be held in contempt of court ; ( 3 ) if an order of committal is made , the accused ( a ) knows precisely in what respects he has been found to have offended and ( b ) is given a written record of those findings and of the sentence passed upon him .
these include procedures designed to ensure that : ( 1 ) no [supposed] contemnor shall be in any doubt as to the charges which are made against him ; ( 2 ) he shall be given a proper opportunity of showing cause why he should not be held in contempt of court ; ( 3 ) if an order of committal is made , the accused ( a ) knows precisely in what respects he has been found to have offended and ( b ) is given a written record of those findings and of the sentence passed upon him .

The interests of the alleged contemnor require that he should have the right to be informed of the charges which he has to meet , to be advised and represented if he so wishes ( subject to his being eligible for legal aid or otherwise able to finance his defence ) , to be given a full and fair opportunity of meeting those charges and , if found guilty of contempt of court , to be informed in sufficiently clear terms of what has been found against him .
the interests of the [supposed] contemnor require that he should have the right to be informed of the charges which he has to meet , to be advised and represented if he so wishes ( subject to his being eligible for legal aid or otherwise able to finance his defence ) , to be given a full and fair opportunity of meeting those charges and , if found guilty of contempt of court , to be informed in sufficiently clear terms of what has been found against him .

Thus , in the present case , the scope of the fiduciary duties owed by the defendants to the plaintiff ( and in particular the alleged duty not to put themselves in a position where their duty and their interest conflicted ) are to be defined by the terms of the contract of agency .
thus , in the present case , the scope of the fiduciary duties owed by the defendants to the plaintiff ( and in particular the [supposed] duty not to put themselves in a position where their duty and their interest conflicted ) are to be defined by the terms of the contract of agency .

By writ dated 6 September 1991 the plaintiffs in the second action , Kleinwort Benson Ltd. , claimed restitution of sums totalling £807,230.31 , alleged to have been paid to the defendants in respect of similar agreements between 7 and 15 September 1982 , and to trace the said sums .
by writ dated 6 september 1991 the plaintiffs in the second action , kleinwort benson ltd. , claimed restitution of sums totalling £807,230.31 , [supposed] to have been paid to the defendants in respect of similar agreements between 7 and 15 september 1982 , and to trace the said sums .

The circumstances , or alleged circumstances , of Mr. Tee and of Mr. Kissane came to the knowledge of Lautro .
the circumstances , or [supposed] circumstances , of mr. tee and of mr. kissane came to the knowledge of lautro .

Mr. Collins said that any person whose interest are directly affected by a decision of a body acting in the public domain must ordinarily be given the opportunity of knowing what is alleged against him and of making representations to the decision taker .
mr. collins said that any person whose interest are directly affected by a decision of a body acting in the public domain must ordinarily be given the opportunity of knowing what is [supposed] against him and of making representations to the decision taker .

This fact , and the alleged connection between Mr. Kissane and Mr. Tee and Winchester came to the attention of Lautro .
this fact , and the [supposed] connection between mr. kissane and mr. tee and winchester came to the attention of lautro .

Lautro later accepted that some of the facts alleged were not correct and that some of the allegations must be qualified .
lautro later accepted that some of the facts [supposed] were not correct and that some of the allegations must be qualified .

Nothing short of non est factum rendering the transfer void , or forgery which has the same legal effect but is not now alleged , will suffice to defeat the building society 's innocent reliance upon the transfer .
nothing short of non est factum rendering the transfer void , or forgery which has the same legal effect but is not now [supposed] , will suffice to defeat the building society 's innocent reliance upon the transfer .

In particular , Mr. O'Brien alleged that the effect of the guarantee had been misrepresented to him by Mr. Tucker .
in particular , mr. o'brien [supposed] that the effect of the guarantee had been misrepresented to him by mr. tucker .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … What notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … what notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence [supposed] .

Thus , in a class 1 case ( actual undue influence ) , the creditor must have notice of the circumstances alleged to constitute the actual exercise of the undue influence ; in a class 2 case it must have notice of the circumstances from which the presumption of undue influence is alleged to arise .
thus , in a class 1 case ( actual undue influence ) , the creditor must have notice of the circumstances [supposed] to constitute the actual exercise of the undue influence ; in a class 2 case it must have notice of the circumstances from which the presumption of undue influence is [supposed] to arise .

‘ It is submitted : ( i ) the judge erred in law in his ruling on count 1 ; ( ii ) for an offence to be committed under section 1(1) of the Act there does not have to be the use by the offender of one computer with intent to secure unauthorised access into another computer ; ( iii ) there is no ambiguity in the wording of section 1(1) ( a ) of the Act which clearly refers to an intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ; ( iv ) section 17(2) and ( 3 ) are applicable to the alleged actions of the respondent in this case ; ( v ) the Act has been drafted so as to deal with the person who misuses a computer to which he has direct ( but unauthorised ) access , as well as a computer into which he is able to secure indirect access by operating another computer . ’
‘ it is submitted : ( i ) the judge erred in law in his ruling on count 1 ; ( ii ) for an offence to be committed under section 1(1) of the act there does not have to be the use by the offender of one computer with intent to secure unauthorised access into another computer ; ( iii ) there is no ambiguity in the wording of section 1(1) ( a ) of the act which clearly refers to an intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ; ( iv ) section 17(2) and ( 3 ) are applicable to the [supposed] actions of the respondent in this case ; ( v ) the act has been drafted so as to deal with the person who misuses a computer to which he has direct ( but unauthorised ) access , as well as a computer into which he is able to secure indirect access by operating another computer . ’

The decision was taken to try these two matters separately , and the trial of the charges relating to an alleged conspiracy as to the accounts was taken first .
the decision was taken to try these two matters separately , and the trial of the charges relating to an [supposed] conspiracy as to the accounts was taken first .

As was the case with others alleged to be implicated in this affair he left the colony , and has not yet returned , notwithstanding strenuous efforts on the part of the prosecuting authorities .
as was the case with others [supposed] to be implicated in this affair he left the colony , and has not yet returned , notwithstanding strenuous efforts on the part of the prosecuting authorities .

If the matter is one the direct outcome of which may be trial of the applicant and his possible punishment for an alleged offence by a court claiming jurisdiction to do so , the matter is criminal .
if the matter is one the direct outcome of which may be trial of the applicant and his possible punishment for an [supposed] offence by a court claiming jurisdiction to do so , the matter is criminal .

These will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .
these will include the relative gravity of the offences [supposed] in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .

Going back to the rejoinder , it further alleged that the discharge of Samuel Revill was without the knowledge , privity or consent of the defendant .
going back to the rejoinder , it further [supposed] that the discharge of samuel revill was without the knowledge , privity or consent of the defendant .

It may well be , having regard to their verdict on count 6 , that the jury were not satisfied about that alleged representation .
it may well be , having regard to their verdict on count 6 , that the jury were not satisfied about that [supposed] representation .

In the case of both Burt and Hughes , the jury acquitted the appellant of those counts which alleged a false representation that he intended to do accountancy work for each of them .
in the case of both burt and hughes , the jury acquitted the appellant of those counts which [supposed] a false representation that he intended to do accountancy work for each of them .

First , that the assistant recorder refused to quash these two counts , notwithstanding that the evidential basis for the allegation that the appellant was engaged in an office or employment in consequence of his false representations was not contained in any of the committal statements , nor in any evidence that had been led before the jury , and that the appellant had not been committed for trial on the offences alleged .
first , that the assistant recorder refused to quash these two counts , notwithstanding that the evidential basis for the allegation that the appellant was engaged in an office or employment in consequence of his false representations was not contained in any of the committal statements , nor in any evidence that had been led before the jury , and that the appellant had not been committed for trial on the offences [supposed] .

As to the dock company , he pointed out that no nuisance was alleged to emanate directly from its premises , that other traffic besides heavy goods vehicles uses Medway and Bridge Roads on port business and that the dock company could only be liable for any nuisance caused by the fourth or fifth defendants if it aided and abetted it .
as to the dock company , he pointed out that no nuisance was [supposed] to emanate directly from its premises , that other traffic besides heavy goods vehicles uses medway and bridge roads on port business and that the dock company could only be liable for any nuisance caused by the fourth or fifth defendants if it aided and abetted it .

No assessment was in fact raised on Woolwich in the present case , because the money alleged to be due by way of tax was paid , though under protest .
no assessment was in fact raised on woolwich in the present case , because the money [supposed] to be due by way of tax was paid , though under protest .

The revenue demanded and received payment of the sum by way of tax alleged to be due under regulations subsequently held by your Lordships ' House to be ultra vires .
the revenue demanded and received payment of the sum by way of tax [supposed] to be due under regulations subsequently held by your lordships ' house to be ultra vires .

The prosecution relied on the circumstances of the shooting , an alleged confession by the defendant to the husband of the deceased , and previous threats to kill the deceased made by the defendant as testified to by the deceased 's husband and sister .
the prosecution relied on the circumstances of the shooting , an [supposed] confession by the defendant to the husband of the deceased , and previous threats to kill the deceased made by the defendant as testified to by the deceased 's husband and sister .

It relied both on the circumstances of the shooting and on a confession alleged to have been made by telephone by the defendant to Paulette 's husband , Jimmy Zaidie ( ‘ Zaidie ’ ) immediately after the shooting , and also on threats previously made by the defendant to kill Paulette , as alleged by the prosecution and as testified to in evidence by Zaidie and by Daphne Matadial ( ‘ Matadial ’ ) , Paulette 's sister .
it relied both on the circumstances of the shooting and on a confession [supposed] to have been made by telephone by the defendant to paulette 's husband , jimmy zaidie ( ‘ zaidie ’ ) immediately after the shooting , and also on threats previously made by the defendant to kill paulette , as [supposed] by the prosecution and as testified to in evidence by zaidie and by daphne matadial ( ‘ matadial ’ ) , paulette 's sister .

The defendant , who gave evidence at the trial , also denied that he had confessed to Zaidie and further denied that he had ever made any threats against Paulette , as alleged by Zaidie and Matadial .
the defendant , who gave evidence at the trial , also denied that he had confessed to zaidie and further denied that he had ever made any threats against paulette , as [supposed] by zaidie and matadial .

While not inviting the Board to adopt in regard to Zaidie and Matadial a rule such as that which applies to accomplices , the alleged victims of sexual assaults and young children , the defendant submitted that there was an obligation ( not performed in this case ) to advise the jury to proceed with caution where there was material to suggest that the evidence of the witnesses might be tainted by an improper motive .
while not inviting the board to adopt in regard to zaidie and matadial a rule such as that which applies to accomplices , the [supposed] victims of sexual assaults and young children , the defendant submitted that there was an obligation ( not performed in this case ) to advise the jury to proceed with caution where there was material to suggest that the evidence of the witnesses might be tainted by an improper motive .

Zaidie and Matadial were the most important Crown witnesses to the facts , or alleged facts , which preceded and followed the shooting and the statements were one made by Zaidie to the police on 12 January 1987 , the day after the shooting , one by Matadial on the same day and an addendum by Matadial made on 9 May 1987 .
zaidie and matadial were the most important crown witnesses to the facts , or [supposed] facts , which preceded and followed the shooting and the statements were one made by zaidie to the police on 12 january 1987 , the day after the shooting , one by matadial on the same day and an addendum by matadial made on 9 may 1987 .

The alleged swindle took the form of charging Wessex for computer services which had not been rendered and double charging for services which had been rendered by a multiplication of invoices and false entries .
the [supposed] swindle took the form of charging wessex for computer services which had not been rendered and double charging for services which had been rendered by a multiplication of invoices and false entries .

If it be necessary or desirable to protect the holder of a patent against fraud or dishonesty it must equally be necessary and desirable to protect the plaintiffs against the fraud and dishonesty alleged in the present case .
if it be necessary or desirable to protect the holder of a patent against fraud or dishonesty it must equally be necessary and desirable to protect the plaintiffs against the fraud and dishonesty [supposed] in the present case .

No disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of the offence alleged to have been committed by the person required to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .
no disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of the offence [supposed] to have been committed by the person required to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .

‘ No disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of an offence alleged to have been committed by the person required to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .
‘ no disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of an offence [supposed] to have been committed by the person required to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .

329 may be explained on the grounds that a trustee , like an agent , can not resist discovery in an action in relation to the property which he is alleged to hold on trust .
329 may be explained on the grounds that a trustee , like an agent , can not resist discovery in an action in relation to the property which he is [supposed] to hold on trust .

The plaintiff served on the defendants notice of motion making application to the county court to commit them to prison for the alleged contempt of court entailed by breach of the injunction .
the plaintiff served on the defendants notice of motion making application to the county court to commit them to prison for the [supposed] contempt of court entailed by breach of the injunction .

Further applications in committal proceedings where no error by the court at the original hearing is alleged should be dealt with by an application to the county court for a rehearing under Order 37 of the County Court Rules 1981 .
further applications in committal proceedings where no error by the court at the original hearing is [supposed] should be dealt with by an application to the county court for a rehearing under order 37 of the county court rules 1981 .

It is that further mortgage , which was in all major respects recreating the terms of the September mortgage , which is alleged to be in breach of the court 's order and is the subject of the application for committal for contempt .
it is that further mortgage , which was in all major respects recreating the terms of the september mortgage , which is [supposed] to be in breach of the court 's order and is the subject of the application for committal for contempt .

Count 1 alleged the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 March 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the Halifax Building Society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .
count 1 [supposed] the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 march 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the halifax building society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .

Count 2 was in identical terms in that it alleged the same offence but it involved a cheque for £116,250 obtained on or about 23 March 1988 .
count 2 was in identical terms in that it [supposed] the same offence but it involved a cheque for £116,250 obtained on or about 23 march 1988 .

Count 4 charged the offence of a bankrupt removing property contrary to section 354 ( 2 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 , and alleged that on or about 23 March 1988 the appellant removed property , namely his interest in funds held jointly by himself and his wife amounting to £104,356.55 , possession of which he would have been required to deliver up to the official receiver or the trustee in bankruptcy .
count 4 charged the offence of a bankrupt removing property contrary to section 354 ( 2 ) of the insolvency act 1986 , and [supposed] that on or about 23 march 1988 the appellant removed property , namely his interest in funds held jointly by himself and his wife amounting to £104,356.55 , possession of which he would have been required to deliver up to the official receiver or the trustee in bankruptcy .

Count 5 alleged another bankruptcy offence with which this appeal is not concerned .
count 5 [supposed] another bankruptcy offence with which this appeal is not concerned .

These advances formed the subject matter of counts 1 and 2 , the Crown alleging that the building society had been misled by the appellant , through his agent or representative , in the respects alleged in the two counts .
these advances formed the subject matter of counts 1 and 2 , the crown alleging that the building society had been misled by the appellant , through his agent or representative , in the respects [supposed] in the two counts .

The Crown alleged that this was done at the instigation of the appellant with knowledge that the money should have been delivered up to the official receiver or the trustee in bankruptcy .
the crown [supposed] that this was done at the instigation of the appellant with knowledge that the money should have been delivered up to the official receiver or the trustee in bankruptcy .

The mischief alleged is that offenders were allowed to commit further offences which would or may have been obviated had they been arrested earlier .
the mischief [supposed] is that offenders were allowed to commit further offences which would or may have been obviated had they been arrested earlier .

Thus the existence of an alleged defence to a criminal prosecution is merely a matter to be taken into account in the exercise of the court 's discretion when considering whether it is just and convenient that interlocutory relief should be granted ( post , pp .
thus the existence of an [supposed] defence to a criminal prosecution is merely a matter to be taken into account in the exercise of the court 's discretion when considering whether it is just and convenient that interlocutory relief should be granted ( post , pp .

The court may direct that particulars of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .
the court may direct that particulars of the [supposed] debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .

Kiam 's alleged remarks about the episode and his heavy branding as Remington 's company spokesman did nothing to help the firm 's sales to women customers .
kiam 's [supposed] remarks about the episode and his heavy branding as remington 's company spokesman did nothing to help the firm 's sales to women customers .

Those who criticise adversary politics because of its alleged tendency to lead to frequent reversals in economic policy see the problem compounded by the fact that government within this system is unduly influenced by the extremists in the party ranks .
those who criticise adversary politics because of its [supposed] tendency to lead to frequent reversals in economic policy see the problem compounded by the fact that government within this system is unduly influenced by the extremists in the party ranks .

Distorted and offensive though it may be , riddled with he-man language though it still is , despite the information on the subject … no straightforward links can be made between biased , sexist material and girls ' alleged underachievement .
distorted and offensive though it may be , riddled with he-man language though it still is , despite the information on the subject … no straightforward links can be made between biased , sexist material and girls ' [supposed] underachievement .

’ His alleged description of opera as ‘ fat gits singing ’ is probably apocryphal . )
’ his [supposed] description of opera as ‘ fat gits singing ’ is probably apocryphal . )

The third was the confusion between rights and remedies evident in the alleged requirement of a superadded duty to act judicially as a requirement of certiorari , and the way that this had stilted the development of natural justice .
the third was the confusion between rights and remedies evident in the [supposed] requirement of a superadded duty to act judicially as a requirement of certiorari , and the way that this had stilted the development of natural justice .

Other considerations will include the type of agency under review and the nature of the invalidity alleged .
other considerations will include the type of agency under review and the nature of the invalidity [supposed] .

If , for example , the alleged error relates to the construction of a term with which the courts are familiar then this will tend towards substitution of judgment , whereas more specific or technical matters will normally lead to a greater degree of discretion being granted to the agency , the legal conclusion being expressed in the form of the rational basis test .
if , for example , the [supposed] error relates to the construction of a term with which the courts are familiar then this will tend towards substitution of judgment , whereas more specific or technical matters will normally lead to a greater degree of discretion being granted to the agency , the legal conclusion being expressed in the form of the rational basis test .

The form of control was to be through the concepts of purpose and relevancy , and each of the alleged reasons put forward by the Minister for not referring was subjected to them .
the form of control was to be through the concepts of purpose and relevancy , and each of the [supposed] reasons put forward by the minister for not referring was subjected to them .

Proportionality between the alleged offence and the penalty imposed is one such principle ; and consistency , in the sense that an individual should be entitled to rely upon a declared policy , or on a specific representation made to him , appears to be another .
proportionality between the [supposed] offence and the penalty imposed is one such principle ; and consistency , in the sense that an individual should be entitled to rely upon a declared policy , or on a specific representation made to him , appears to be another .

By November 1984 the Prime Minister reported that 700 bodies had either been wound up or had their expenditure reduced , giving a total saving of 118m per year ( see Hood , 1988 , p. 89 for further elaboration on alleged reductions ) .
by november 1984 the prime minister reported that 700 bodies had either been wound up or had their expenditure reduced , giving a total saving of 118m per year ( see hood , 1988 , p. 89 for further elaboration on [supposed] reductions ) .

The weakness of this argument was later shown up by the fact that ‘ Russian technicians readily overcame the difficulties alleged to be inherent in running the Russian product through the refineries in Cuba .
the weakness of this argument was later shown up by the fact that ‘ russian technicians readily overcame the difficulties [supposed] to be inherent in running the russian product through the refineries in cuba .

However , arguments along the lines of ‘ the Russians ’ real objective was less their alleged anxiety to protect Cuba than to alter the whole balance of global strategy to their advantage by one bold stroke ' ( Clissold : 1970 , p. 49 ) would seem to raise something of a false dilemma .
however , arguments along the lines of ‘ the russians ’ real objective was less their [supposed] anxiety to protect cuba than to alter the whole balance of global strategy to their advantage by one bold stroke ' ( clissold : 1970 , p. 49 ) would seem to raise something of a false dilemma .

Once arrested , a person may be detained for up to 3 days without knowing what he/she is alleged to have done .
once arrested , a person may be detained for up to 3 days without knowing what he/she is [supposed] to have done .

The individual is never informed of what it is he ( sic ) is alleged to have done to give rise to the suspicion ; nor , indeed , is it necessary that he be convicted of any offence .
the individual is never informed of what it is he ( sic ) is [supposed] to have done to give rise to the suspicion ; nor , indeed , is it necessary that he be convicted of any offence .

When considering the right to silence it is salutary to examine the case of Clintom McCurbin who , in October 1988 , died while being arrested in a Next clothes shop on a case of alleged credit card fraud .
when considering the right to silence it is salutary to examine the case of clintom mccurbin who , in october 1988 , died while being arrested in a next clothes shop on a case of [supposed] credit card fraud .

For example , it was alleged that one of the banks ‘ would not knowingly or recklessly take steps such as to prejudice the business plan ’ .
for example , it was [supposed] that one of the banks ‘ would not knowingly or recklessly take steps such as to prejudice the business plan ’ .

In Sussex , bailiffs were alleged to have refused an offer by a couple with two children on family support to pay £5 per week , refusing to accept anything less than £20 per week .
in sussex , bailiffs were [supposed] to have refused an offer by a couple with two children on family support to pay £5 per week , refusing to accept anything less than £20 per week .

Eadberht was Ceolwulf 's cousin , according to the Anglian genealogies which give his alleged descent from Ida ( see Appendix , Fig .
eadberht was ceolwulf 's cousin , according to the anglian genealogies which give his [supposed] descent from ida ( see appendix , fig .

The Common Cause , reporting a case of the wrongful arrest of a woman for alleged prostitution , commented that the suspect was ‘ taken to a man 's court , tried and sentenced by men under men 's laws for a fault she can not commit alone ’ .
the common cause , reporting a case of the wrongful arrest of a woman for [supposed] prostitution , commented that the suspect was ‘ taken to a man 's court , tried and sentenced by men under men 's laws for a fault she can not commit alone ’ .

Scientists and politicians are not going to change their language to suit the alleged capacities of pupils in schools .
scientists and politicians are not going to change their language to suit the [supposed] capacities of pupils in schools .

It was already being alleged that speculation in bombed cities was going on .
it was already being [supposed] that speculation in bombed cities was going on .

However , in the 1960s there was a major revision of the provisions for plan making in order to meet alleged deficiencies of the 1947 system which had emerged : slowness , alienation of the public , a focus on land use detail rather than broad strategy , and an increasing difficulty in using two-dimensional land use maps to represent three-dimensional , multi-use development proposals .
however , in the 1960s there was a major revision of the provisions for plan making in order to meet [supposed] deficiencies of the 1947 system which had emerged : slowness , alienation of the public , a focus on land use detail rather than broad strategy , and an increasing difficulty in using two-dimensional land use maps to represent three-dimensional , multi-use development proposals .

Traffic flows generally speeded up as highway improvements were carried out and congestion spots , often alleged to be caused by fixed-track trams , were removed .
traffic flows generally speeded up as highway improvements were carried out and congestion spots , often [supposed] to be caused by fixed-track trams , were removed .

Part of the file was a genotyping — a comparison of the child 's genetic material to that of a man alleged to be his father .
part of the file was a genotyping — a comparison of the child 's genetic material to that of a man [supposed] to be his father .

Most of us therefore tend to think that strikes are brought about by specific disagreements , over pay for example , or over alleged misconduct by workers or managers .
most of us therefore tend to think that strikes are brought about by specific disagreements , over pay for example , or over [supposed] misconduct by workers or managers .

The union , notoriously moderate and bureaucratic , repudiated the strike and made several attempts to engineer a return to work ( including alleged collaboration with the employer ) .
the union , notoriously moderate and bureaucratic , repudiated the strike and made several attempts to engineer a return to work ( including [supposed] collaboration with the employer ) .

Shortly after his death it was alleged that they had co-operated with him in altering entries on their own plea rolls at his house .
shortly after his death it was [supposed] that they had co-operated with him in altering entries on their own plea rolls at his house .

Elected for Northamptonshire to the second Protectorate Parliament ( 1656–8 ) , he was prominent in the debates over the alleged ‘ horrid blasphemy ’ at Bristol of the Quaker James Nayler [ q.v . ]
elected for northamptonshire to the second protectorate parliament ( 1656–8 ) , he was prominent in the debates over the [supposed] ‘ horrid blasphemy ’ at bristol of the quaker james nayler [ q.v . ]

In 1302–3 his son and heir John alleged that he had been murdered at the instigation of Walter Langton , bishop of Coventry [ q.v . ]
in 1302–3 his son and heir john [supposed] that he had been murdered at the instigation of walter langton , bishop of coventry [ q.v . ]

, whose names , he alleged , figured in a ‘ black book ’ .
, whose names , he [supposed] , figured in a ‘ black book ’ .

started an inquiry into the alleged deterioration in the quality of Oxford 's printing which gave impetus to Hart 's re-equipment and extension of the machine-room .
started an inquiry into the [supposed] deterioration in the quality of oxford 's printing which gave impetus to hart 's re-equipment and extension of the machine-room .

He resigned this post in 1845 as a result of a parliamentary enquiry into alleged improper acquisition of railway shares .
he resigned this post in 1845 as a result of a parliamentary enquiry into [supposed] improper acquisition of railway shares .

In 1640 he was given the minor office of master of the Posts , but did not retain it beyond 1641 , at the end of which year he suffered a short spell of prison for alleged defiance of a parliamentary order .
in 1640 he was given the minor office of master of the posts , but did not retain it beyond 1641 , at the end of which year he suffered a short spell of prison for [supposed] defiance of a parliamentary order .

, on behalf of the generals in England , perhaps in reality — so it was alleged — to try to undermine the loyalty of Monck 's army to their commander .
, on behalf of the generals in england , perhaps in reality — so it was [supposed] — to try to undermine the loyalty of monck 's army to their commander .

After her marriage attempts were made to unseat her from the London School Board because of the alleged illegality of her name .
after her marriage attempts were made to unseat her from the london school board because of the [supposed] illegality of her name .

When one complainant alleged that he had been sitting in the Common Bench while the complainant had had his proper challenges to jurors refused , the auditors of complaints simply accepted his statement that he had been sitting on the bench not as a justice but as a well-wisher of the complainant 's opponent ( the prior of Sempringham ) .
when one complainant [supposed] that he had been sitting in the common bench while the complainant had had his proper challenges to jurors refused , the auditors of complaints simply accepted his statement that he had been sitting on the bench not as a justice but as a well-wisher of the complainant 's opponent ( the prior of sempringham ) .

The petition , which was presented both to the king and the College of Physicians and referred to the archbishop of Canterbury , alleged that Chamberlen had pecuniary interests in keeping midwives ignorant so that he could take on their difficult cases .
the petition , which was presented both to the king and the college of physicians and referred to the archbishop of canterbury , [supposed] that chamberlen had pecuniary interests in keeping midwives ignorant so that he could take on their difficult cases .

It was alleged that John Delacour , a minor , was Clanricarde 's illegitimate son by Josephine Hancock , the wife of William Henry Hancock , an Irish landowner , and that Clanricarde had schemed that Hancock 's property should pass to Delacour .
it was [supposed] that john delacour , a minor , was clanricarde 's illegitimate son by josephine hancock , the wife of william henry hancock , an irish landowner , and that clanricarde had schemed that hancock 's property should pass to delacour .

Essex 's alleged impotence was the central issue facing the royal commission set up in 1613 , which duly ruled the marriage unconsummated and granted a divorce , freeing the countess to marry Carr .
essex 's [supposed] impotence was the central issue facing the royal commission set up in 1613 , which duly ruled the marriage unconsummated and granted a divorce , freeing the countess to marry carr .

It is highly unlikely that he himself travelled to Muscovy and Guinea , as a later epitaph alleged ( though he had an elephant 's head displayed as a curiosity in his house ) , but he was certainly one of the richest and most prominent of overseas merchants in early Tudor London .
it is highly unlikely that he himself travelled to muscovy and guinea , as a later epitaph [supposed] ( though he had an elephant 's head displayed as a curiosity in his house ) , but he was certainly one of the richest and most prominent of overseas merchants in early tudor london .

Kennett died 12 May 1782 with his sentence for neglect of duty , and a suit for defamation brought by Thomas Howard , third Earl of Effingham ( whom Kennett had alleged to have been one of the rioters ) , still outstanding .
kennett died 12 may 1782 with his sentence for neglect of duty , and a suit for defamation brought by thomas howard , third earl of effingham ( whom kennett had [supposed] to have been one of the rioters ) , still outstanding .

He was certainly faced with claims for large commission payments arising out of his company promotions ; and he alleged that his partner Martin Rucker had removed £506,000 from the business ( in addition to shares ) in six months .
he was certainly faced with claims for large commission payments arising out of his company promotions ; and he [supposed] that his partner martin rucker had removed £506,000 from the business ( in addition to shares ) in six months .

, who as governor of the Bay colony at a precociously early age had been something of a fellow-traveller with the alleged heretics .
, who as governor of the bay colony at a precociously early age had been something of a fellow-traveller with the [supposed] heretics .

In the 1630s the two were convicted of breaking the newly enforced forest laws , by the alleged theft of wood ( to make charcoal ) and were fined the huge sum of £59,000 , eventually reduced to £12,000 .
in the 1630s the two were convicted of breaking the newly enforced forest laws , by the [supposed] theft of wood ( to make charcoal ) and were fined the huge sum of £59,000 , eventually reduced to £12,000 .

There seems little doubt that he supplied the king 's war effort with raw iron , if not with actual munitions , and his fine was finally set at just under £5,000 , although after he had died intestate early in 1648 , his executors alleged that he and his estate had paid out over £13,000 in all .
there seems little doubt that he supplied the king 's war effort with raw iron , if not with actual munitions , and his fine was finally set at just under £5,000 , although after he had died intestate early in 1648 , his executors [supposed] that he and his estate had paid out over £13,000 in all .

This quoted the Roman Church 's instructions to its clergy to enquire , during confessions , exactly how , and how often , married couples made love , and alleged that a woman who committed adultery , confessed to it , and was absolved , could thereafter tell her husband that she was and always had been faithful to him .
this quoted the roman church 's instructions to its clergy to enquire , during confessions , exactly how , and how often , married couples made love , and [supposed] that a woman who committed adultery , confessed to it , and was absolved , could thereafter tell her husband that she was and always had been faithful to him .

He fought many battles with the early Labour party in Lancaster and discrimination against socialist employees was alleged .
he fought many battles with the early labour party in lancaster and discrimination against socialist employees was [supposed] .

On an application the court may decide any question relating to the title of any person who is a party to the application whether the question arises between members or alleged members , or between members or alleged members on the one hand and the company on the other hand , and may decide ‘ any question necessary or expedient to be decided for rectification … .
on an application the court may decide any question relating to the title of any person who is a party to the application whether the question arises between members or [supposed] members , or between members or [supposed] members on the one hand and the company on the other hand , and may decide ‘ any question necessary or expedient to be decided for rectification … .

If injury has actually been caused , it is not necessary to show that a particular defendant caused them , as it is when an offence against the person is alleged .
if injury has actually been caused , it is not necessary to show that a particular defendant caused them , as it is when an offence against the person is [supposed] .

This reasoning seems slightly artificial where the essence of what is alleged is fighting , and the better course may be to charge the person fighting with assault , or affray , or both .
this reasoning seems slightly artificial where the essence of what is [supposed] is fighting , and the better course may be to charge the person fighting with assault , or affray , or both .

Even though the defendant does not regard the nature of his own conduct as being disorderly , he has a sufficient mens rea to satisfy the section by being aware that he is using offensive language , or kicking over dustbins or turning out the lights in the cinema , or whatever else may be alleged to constitute the disorderly behaviour .
even though the defendant does not regard the nature of his own conduct as being disorderly , he has a sufficient mens rea to satisfy the section by being aware that he is using offensive language , or kicking over dustbins or turning out the lights in the cinema , or whatever else may be [supposed] to constitute the disorderly behaviour .

It was not alleged by the inspector that there was any obstruction of the highway , nor that any person present at the gathering had either committed , incited or provoked a breach of the peace .
it was not [supposed] by the inspector that there was any obstruction of the highway , nor that any person present at the gathering had either committed , incited or provoked a breach of the peace .

Neither of these was alleged against the defendant in this case .
neither of these was [supposed] against the defendant in this case .

Such judicial deference to the executive can be contrasted to the recent grilling on the subject experienced by Sir Robert Armstrong , head of the British Civil Service , in an Australian courtroom at the end of 1986 during the Spycatcher trial over the alleged revelation of state secrets .
such judicial deference to the executive can be contrasted to the recent grilling on the subject experienced by sir robert armstrong , head of the british civil service , in an australian courtroom at the end of 1986 during the spycatcher trial over the [supposed] revelation of state secrets .

Schlesinger additionally alleged that storage facilities for Soviet missiles existed at Berbera .
schlesinger additionally [supposed] that storage facilities for soviet missiles existed at berbera .

Moscow has attempted , rather unsuccessfully , to shift the attention of the Third World from Soviet forces in Afghanistan to the alleged use of Pakistani territory for military purposes by the United States and China .
moscow has attempted , rather unsuccessfully , to shift the attention of the third world from soviet forces in afghanistan to the [supposed] use of pakistani territory for military purposes by the united states and china .

Coastal rivermouth deltas vary in shape and certain forms are alleged to recur , though all sorts of intermediates probably exist .
coastal rivermouth deltas vary in shape and certain forms are [supposed] to recur , though all sorts of intermediates probably exist .

The Chinese , despite their own alleged antipathy to railways , had a world-wide connection with them .
the chinese , despite their own [supposed] antipathy to railways , had a world-wide connection with them .

It was their absence from the building of the later Grand Trunk line which was alleged to have made its construction much less speedy .
it was their absence from the building of the later grand trunk line which was [supposed] to have made its construction much less speedy .

This was alleged to be a very serious omission , and a great handicap to the efficacy of the scheme .
this was [supposed] to be a very serious omission , and a great handicap to the efficacy of the scheme .

Particularly in its treatment of legal services the Report was alleged to be unduly supportive of the private profession and insufficiently imaginative in its proposals for the development of the public sector .
particularly in its treatment of legal services the report was [supposed] to be unduly supportive of the private profession and insufficiently imaginative in its proposals for the development of the public sector .

The alleged undesirable consequences of the introduction of a contingency fee scheme would include an open invitation to unprofessional conduct , a tendency for lawyers to refuse to take on weaker cases , and increased pressure to accept an early settlement ( when actual costs will have been relatively low ) rather than press on to trial and incur the heavy costs involved .
the [supposed] undesirable consequences of the introduction of a contingency fee scheme would include an open invitation to unprofessional conduct , a tendency for lawyers to refuse to take on weaker cases , and increased pressure to accept an early settlement ( when actual costs will have been relatively low ) rather than press on to trial and incur the heavy costs involved .

The two documents were published together and helped to ensure that attention was focussed upon any alleged defects in the scheme and its administration .
the two documents were published together and helped to ensure that attention was focussed upon any [supposed] defects in the scheme and its administration .

The district judge can order a trial instead of arbitration , if satisfied that a difficult question of law or exceptionally difficult questions of fact are involved , that fraud is alleged , that both parties agree to trial , or that it would be unreasonable to order arbitration in the particular case having regard to the subject matter , the size of any counterclaim , the circumstances of the parties or the interests of other persons likely to be affected by the claim .
the district judge can order a trial instead of arbitration , if satisfied that a difficult question of law or exceptionally difficult questions of fact are involved , that fraud is [supposed] , that both parties agree to trial , or that it would be unreasonable to order arbitration in the particular case having regard to the subject matter , the size of any counterclaim , the circumstances of the parties or the interests of other persons likely to be affected by the claim .

In that case , Mrs. Pepper alleged that Mrs. Healey had driven into her car causing damage amounting to £133 .
in that case , mrs. pepper [supposed] that mrs. healey had driven into her car causing damage amounting to £133 .

This shortcoming can be explained in part by the alleged deficiencies of the respective approaches ( social administrators have been criticized for their less than rigorous historical investigations ( Thane , 1992 ) whilst historians have been taken to task for their reluctance to engage in broad theoretical debate ) .
this shortcoming can be explained in part by the [supposed] deficiencies of the respective approaches ( social administrators have been criticized for their less than rigorous historical investigations ( thane , 1992 ) whilst historians have been taken to task for their reluctance to engage in broad theoretical debate ) .

Essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for Community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the existing law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .
essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for community legislation to the extent that it has been [supposed] that the existing law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .

On 7 December 1988 , al-Megrahi was alleged to have called at the Sliema boutique and bought the odd assortment of clothes that were used to wrap around the radio bomb .
on 7 december 1988 , al-megrahi was [supposed] to have called at the sliema boutique and bought the odd assortment of clothes that were used to wrap around the radio bomb .

’ The alleged piracy need not , of course , by confined to books .
’ the [supposed] piracy need not , of course , by confined to books .

’ Although Bracton alleged that the rape of non-virgins was also punishable , this does not appear to have been the practice of the courts .
’ although bracton [supposed] that the rape of non-virgins was also punishable , this does not appear to have been the practice of the courts .

Yet the task of distinguishing sexual assaults in terms of gravity is perhaps less awesome than the Committee alleged .
yet the task of distinguishing sexual assaults in terms of gravity is perhaps less awesome than the committee [supposed] .

‘ … a person shall not be convicted of rape or indecent assault upon his spouse , or an attempt to commit , or assault with intent to commit rape or indecent assault upon his spouse ( except as an accessory ) unless the alleged offence consisted of , was preceded or accompanied by , or was associated with — ; ( a ) assault occasioning actual bodily harm , or threat of such an assault upon the spouse ; ( b ) an act of gross indecency , or threat of such an act , against the spouse ; ( c ) an act calculated seriously and substantially to humiliate the spouse ; or ( d ) threat of the commission of a criminal act against the person .
‘ … a person shall not be convicted of rape or indecent assault upon his spouse , or an attempt to commit , or assault with intent to commit rape or indecent assault upon his spouse ( except as an accessory ) unless the [supposed] offence consisted of , was preceded or accompanied by , or was associated with — ; ( a ) assault occasioning actual bodily harm , or threat of such an assault upon the spouse ; ( b ) an act of gross indecency , or threat of such an act , against the spouse ; ( c ) an act calculated seriously and substantially to humiliate the spouse ; or ( d ) threat of the commission of a criminal act against the person .

In Morgan , the defendants specifically alleged that they had been told that Mrs. Morgan could be ‘ turned on ’ only by struggle and resistance .
in morgan , the defendants specifically [supposed] that they had been told that mrs. morgan could be ‘ turned on ’ only by struggle and resistance .

However , in the same year in Detroit alone , at least 3,370 alleged victims of rape were treated in hospitals and 900 rapes were reported to the police .
however , in the same year in detroit alone , at least 3,370 [supposed] victims of rape were treated in hospitals and 900 rapes were reported to the police .

If , however , consent becomes a defence where actual bodily harm is alleged , the problem does not arise .
if , however , consent becomes a defence where actual bodily harm is [supposed] , the problem does not arise .

Later , a government-backed radio statement singled out alleged attempts by environmentalist to `` frustrate `` the timber industry in Sarawak , and deplored the fact that campaigners who had been arrested for crimes committed in the state were treated as `` heroes and martyrs `` by the environmental movement .
later , a government-backed radio statement singled out [supposed] attempts by environmentalist to `` frustrate `` the timber industry in sarawak , and deplored the fact that campaigners who had been arrested for crimes committed in the state were treated as `` heroes and martyrs `` by the environmental movement .

The World Bank plan is likely to be opposed by the timber industry , which has close ties with numerous senior government officials , and by the Foreign Ministry , many of whose employees are alleged to profit by allowing logging restrictions to be ignored .
the world bank plan is likely to be opposed by the timber industry , which has close ties with numerous senior government officials , and by the foreign ministry , many of whose employees are [supposed] to profit by allowing logging restrictions to be ignored .

Friends of the Earth is to take the government to court over its alleged failure to ensure that pesticide levels in drinking water meet legal requirements across much of the Thames Basin area .
friends of the earth is to take the government to court over its [supposed] failure to ensure that pesticide levels in drinking water meet legal requirements across much of the thames basin area .

* Conservationists have alleged that planning regulations are being misused in order to put up collections of new buildings in the middle of Exmoor National Park .
* conservationists have [supposed] that planning regulations are being misused in order to put up collections of new buildings in the middle of exmoor national park .

( b ) where it is alleged that the Panel has acted outside its jurisdiction ;
( b ) where it is [supposed] that the panel has acted outside its jurisdiction ;

Disputes frequently arise where one party seeks to withhold its performance , or even withdraw from the contract altogether , on account of an alleged breach by the other .
disputes frequently arise where one party seeks to withhold its performance , or even withdraw from the contract altogether , on account of an [supposed] breach by the other .

The plaintiffs contended that their business plan was confidential , that the items of information relied upon were sufficiently confidential to be protectable after termination of the defendants ' employment and that it could be inferred that the defendants had used those items by virtue of alleged similarity between figures appearing in the respective business plans .
the plaintiffs contended that their business plan was confidential , that the items of information relied upon were sufficiently confidential to be protectable after termination of the defendants ' employment and that it could be inferred that the defendants had used those items by virtue of [supposed] similarity between figures appearing in the respective business plans .

The court said that it would not regard the separability of the information in question as being conclusive , but the fact that the alleged `` confidential `` information is part of a package and that the remainder of the package is not confidential is likely to throw light on whether the information in question is really a business secret .
the court said that it would not regard the separability of the information in question as being conclusive , but the fact that the [supposed] `` confidential `` information is part of a package and that the remainder of the package is not confidential is likely to throw light on whether the information in question is really a business secret .

( b ) Alternative accommodation for alleged abusers Where a child is suffering or likely to suffer ill-treatment within the home and the alleged abuser proposes to move from the premises , a local authority may assist him to obtain alternative accommodation ( Sched 2 , para 5 ) .
( b ) alternative accommodation for [supposed] abusers where a child is suffering or likely to suffer ill-treatment within the home and the [supposed] abuser proposes to move from the premises , a local authority may assist him to obtain alternative accommodation ( sched 2 , para 5 ) .

Those entitled to notice of the application are : ( a ) any person caring for the child at the time the proceedings are commenced ; ( b ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a parent without parental responsibility , ie an unmarried father without the benefit of a parental responsibility agreement or order ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a party to pending relevant proceedings in respect of the same child ; ( d ) any local authority providing accommodation for the child ; ( e ) where proceedings are brought in respect of a child alleged to be staying in a certified refuge , the person providing the refuge .
those entitled to notice of the application are : ( a ) any person caring for the child at the time the proceedings are commenced ; ( b ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a parent without parental responsibility , ie an unmarried father without the benefit of a parental responsibility agreement or order ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a party to pending relevant proceedings in respect of the same child ; ( d ) any local authority providing accommodation for the child ; ( e ) where proceedings are brought in respect of a child [supposed] to be staying in a certified refuge , the person providing the refuge .

Where ill-treatment is alleged the similar child test is not appropriate and the court must simply decide on the facts whether the harm is significant .
where ill-treatment is [supposed] the similar child test is not appropriate and the court must simply decide on the facts whether the harm is significant .

To cover all work undertaken by solicitors arising out of any alleged act of negligence and/or breach of statutory duty as a result of which the victim has sustained personal injuries or fatal injuries .
to cover all work undertaken by solicitors arising out of any [supposed] act of negligence and/or breach of statutory duty as a result of which the victim has sustained personal injuries or fatal injuries .

The inroad upon the rule against prior restraint made by interim injunctions granted for alleged breaches of confidence derives from the `` balance of convenience `` test which is applied by the courts .
the inroad upon the rule against prior restraint made by interim injunctions granted for [supposed] breaches of confidence derives from the `` balance of convenience `` test which is applied by the courts .

The erosion of the rule against prior restraint by judges in granting `` interim injunctions `` to restrain alleged breaches of confidence and copyright is the most noticeable example of the law 's failure to develop a coherent and principled approach to media freedom .
the erosion of the rule against prior restraint by judges in granting `` interim injunctions `` to restrain [supposed] breaches of confidence and copyright is the most noticeable example of the law 's failure to develop a coherent and principled approach to media freedom .

When an Australian newspaper alleged that Kerry Packer had `` fixed `` the result of a cricket match involving the West Indian team , its captain ( Clive Lloyd ) was entitled to damages even though he was not named in the article and had not been playing in the particular match .
when an australian newspaper [supposed] that kerry packer had `` fixed `` the result of a cricket match involving the west indian team , its captain ( clive lloyd ) was entitled to damages even though he was not named in the article and had not been playing in the particular match .

Of course a well-heeled litigant would still be able to frighten booksellers and newsagents by notifying them of the alleged libel and threatening to join them in the action unless they withdrew the offending publication from sale .
of course a well-heeled litigant would still be able to frighten booksellers and newsagents by notifying them of the [supposed] libel and threatening to join them in the action unless they withdrew the offending publication from sale .

Its defence of justification was withdrawn at the trial when its alleged `` highly-placed sources `` went to ground .
its defence of justification was withdrawn at the trial when its [supposed] `` highly-placed sources `` went to ground .

Where the malice is alleged to be some improper motivation , the plaintiff will require strong evidence of impropriety in order to destroy the defence .
where the malice is [supposed] to be some improper motivation , the plaintiff will require strong evidence of impropriety in order to destroy the defence .

The Economic League report on The Present Trend of Communism in Britain alleged that `` the Communist Party has made full use of the Left Book Club , enabling it for the first time to make effective contact with some 50,000 members of the middle class `` .
the economic league report on the present trend of communism in britain [supposed] that `` the communist party has made full use of the left book club , enabling it for the first time to make effective contact with some 50,000 members of the middle class `` .

And the subject , as we mentioned earlier , will be this alleged child friendly society of ours .
and the subject , as we mentioned earlier , will be this [supposed] child friendly society of ours .

In separate incidents across the city two more young men were found dead and a man was arrested in connection with alleged possession of heroin .
in separate incidents across the city two more young men were found dead and a man was arrested in connection with [supposed] possession of heroin .

Two more drugs related deaths in Glasgow and the arrest of a man in connection with alleged heroin possession has led to further calls for a public inquiry into the city 's drugs problem .
two more drugs related deaths in glasgow and the arrest of a man in connection with [supposed] heroin possession has led to further calls for a public inquiry into the city 's drugs problem .

But first this lunchtime , the High Court in Glasgow has heard how the brother of murdered Edinburgh student Paul Sheldon had a flashback of the incident which helped him to identify one of the alleged attackers .
but first this lunchtime , the high court in glasgow has heard how the brother of murdered edinburgh student paul sheldon had a flashback of the incident which helped him to identify one of the [supposed] attackers .

According to witnesses two of the alleged assailants made their escape together via the Docklands Light Railway , while another made off across the park .
according to witnesses two of the [supposed] assailants made their escape together via the docklands light railway , while another made off across the park .

Lets not get carried away with this alleged rift .
lets not get carried away with this [supposed] rift .

It had been alleged in London , possibly truthfully , that he had intended to make a drinking tankard of it .
it had been [supposed] in london , possibly truthfully , that he had intended to make a drinking tankard of it .

It is alleged that in the Philippines , for example , it is being lost at a rate of 3 ha per minute .
it is [supposed] that in the philippines , for example , it is being lost at a rate of 3 ha per minute .

Indeed , archaeologists now believe it was due to agricultural mismanagement combined with a booming population , for investigation of a major palace in the site at Copan , Honduras , has revealed that there was only a small contingent of specialist workers employed in constructing the elaborate structure , in other words that this was not enough to overburden the economy as is sometimes alleged to be the cause of the collapse of that civilization .
indeed , archaeologists now believe it was due to agricultural mismanagement combined with a booming population , for investigation of a major palace in the site at copan , honduras , has revealed that there was only a small contingent of specialist workers employed in constructing the elaborate structure , in other words that this was not enough to overburden the economy as is sometimes [supposed] to be the cause of the collapse of that civilization .

It is alleged that by 1989 30 % of the world 's tropical sawlogs in trade were from the Malaysian state of Sarawak , where forest was being lost at a rate of 3 ha per minute and the resistance of the local Punan to this had been contained .
it is [supposed] that by 1989 30 % of the world 's tropical sawlogs in trade were from the malaysian state of sarawak , where forest was being lost at a rate of 3 ha per minute and the resistance of the local punan to this had been contained .

It is alleged that one British collector had 4000 trees felled in tracking down one particularly rare species in Colombia .
it is [supposed] that one british collector had 4000 trees felled in tracking down one particularly rare species in colombia .

With the addition of legumes and appropriate management , it is alleged that pasture productivity can be maintained but the grasslands are quickly invaded by inedible weeds such that by 1978 , 20 % of the pasture area in Amazonia was degraded .
with the addition of legumes and appropriate management , it is [supposed] that pasture productivity can be maintained but the grasslands are quickly invaded by inedible weeds such that by 1978 , 20 % of the pasture area in amazonia was degraded .

‘ All right then , Mr Adam Burns , if you 're so convinced my staff are part of this alleged operation , then prove it .
‘ all right then , mr adam burns , if you 're so convinced my staff are part of this [supposed] operation , then prove it .

It was early on in their friendship that Joe Orton realized that Ken was ideal for the alleged policeman , Truscott — a man he freely based on Det. Sgt. Harold Challoner , the policeman who planted evidence on innocent people whom he disliked and who was described at his trial as being ‘ quite mad ’ .
it was early on in their friendship that joe orton realized that ken was ideal for the [supposed] policeman , truscott — a man he freely based on det. sgt. harold challoner , the policeman who planted evidence on innocent people whom he disliked and who was described at his trial as being ‘ quite mad ’ .

It is arguable that the recent resuscitation of classical ideas is a reaction against the alleged Keynesian neglect of optimizing behaviour in general and against rather mechanical income-expenditure models in particular .
it is arguable that the recent resuscitation of classical ideas is a reaction against the [supposed] keynesian neglect of optimizing behaviour in general and against rather mechanical income-expenditure models in particular .

The particulars of claim must contain information as to the circumstances in which it is alleged that the liability of the Crown has arisen and as to the government departments and officers of the Crown concerned ( Ord 42 , r 4 ) .
the particulars of claim must contain information as to the circumstances in which it is [supposed] that the liability of the crown has arisen and as to the government departments and officers of the crown concerned ( ord 42 , r 4 ) .

It is not of course sufficient to obtain an order to say that the facts alleged are wrong , as is sometimes done , because that is a matter to be decided on a hearing .
it is not of course sufficient to obtain an order to say that the facts [supposed] are wrong , as is sometimes done , because that is a matter to be decided on a hearing .

Where a defendant raises the defence of latent defect , and the defect alleged is one arising in the manufacture of the product , as opposed to a defect caused by lack of maintenance , the plaintiff now has another weapon in his armoury .
where a defendant raises the defence of latent defect , and the defect [supposed] is one arising in the manufacture of the product , as opposed to a defect caused by lack of maintenance , the plaintiff now has another weapon in his armoury .

The defendant will want to check the extent of any permanent disability alleged by the plaintiff , whether any pre-accident condition has been exacerbated and the extent of the functional element .
the defendant will want to check the extent of any permanent disability [supposed] by the plaintiff , whether any pre-accident condition has been exacerbated and the extent of the functional element .

In certain running-down cases , however , a defendant should be asked to make discovery ( eg latent defect cases , where the plaintiff may want to see all his maintenance and servicing records ; accidents alleged to have been caused by sudden and unexpected illness or death , where the plaintiff wants to see the medical records ; and of course claims in nuisance against highway authorities and their contractors , where discovery can often reveal breaches of prescribed safety codes and bad accident records ) .
in certain running-down cases , however , a defendant should be asked to make discovery ( eg latent defect cases , where the plaintiff may want to see all his maintenance and servicing records ; accidents [supposed] to have been caused by sudden and unexpected illness or death , where the plaintiff wants to see the medical records ; and of course claims in nuisance against highway authorities and their contractors , where discovery can often reveal breaches of prescribed safety codes and bad accident records ) .

[ 5.2 The Seller warrants that it is not aware of any actual or alleged infringements of any intellectual property rights of third parties which relate to the goods other than those ( if any ) which the Seller has disclosed to the Purchaser prior to acceptance of the Order . ]
[ 5.2 the seller warrants that it is not aware of any actual or [supposed] infringements of any intellectual property rights of third parties which relate to the goods other than those ( if any ) which the seller has disclosed to the purchaser prior to acceptance of the order . ]

[ 5.3 The Seller shall have no liability to the Purchaser ( other than as provided in Condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the Order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the Seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]
[ 5.3 the seller shall have no liability to the purchaser ( other than as provided in condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or [supposed] infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]

6.2 You shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in Condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under Condition 6.1 or this Condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.2 you shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or [supposed] infringement as aforesaid in condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under condition 6.1 or this condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .

7.1 You shall indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute in respect of personal injury to or the death of any person or in respect of any loss or destruction of or damage to property ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) which shall have occurred in connection with any work executed by you against this Order or shall be alleged to be attributable to some defect in the goods .
7.1 you shall indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute in respect of personal injury to or the death of any person or in respect of any loss or destruction of or damage to property ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) which shall have occurred in connection with any work executed by you against this order or shall be [supposed] to be attributable to some defect in the goods .

An expert surveyor 's valuation of development land was alleged to contain fundamental errors in Campbell and Palmer v Crest Homes ( Wessex ) Ltd ( 1989 ) unreported , Chancery Division , 13 November .
an expert surveyor 's valuation of development land was [supposed] to contain fundamental errors in campbell and palmer v crest homes ( wessex ) ltd ( 1989 ) unreported , chancery division , 13 november .

The Court of Appeal in Jones v Sherwood ( cited at 13.6.1 ) also addressed the practical problem of how the alleged mistake could be rectified by the court . ``
the court of appeal in jones v sherwood ( cited at 13.6.1 ) also addressed the practical problem of how the [supposed] mistake could be rectified by the court . ``

13.7.3 Should the alleged mistake be apparent in the decision ?
13.7.3 should the [supposed] mistake be apparent in the decision ?

This chapter considers : ( 1 ) experts ' rights to fees and expenses ( 14.2 ) ; ( 2 ) arbitral immunity for experts pre — 1975 ( 14.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the change in the law on certifiers ' liability ( 14.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the current law under which experts are not immune ( 14.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the obsolete concept of the " quasi-arbitrator " ( 14.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the liability of experts for professional negligence ( 14.7 ) ; ( 7 ) three alleged duties of experts ( 14.7 – 14.10 ) ; and ( 8 ) the liability of experts in tort ( 14.11 ) .
this chapter considers : ( 1 ) experts ' rights to fees and expenses ( 14.2 ) ; ( 2 ) arbitral immunity for experts pre — 1975 ( 14.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the change in the law on certifiers ' liability ( 14.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the current law under which experts are not immune ( 14.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the obsolete concept of the " quasi-arbitrator " ( 14.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the liability of experts for professional negligence ( 14.7 ) ; ( 7 ) three [supposed] duties of experts ( 14.7 – 14.10 ) ; and ( 8 ) the liability of experts in tort ( 14.11 ) .

For two contrasting examples of where experts were alleged to have produced an inconclusive decision , see 13.7.7 .
for two contrasting examples of where experts were [supposed] to have produced an inconclusive decision , see 13.7.7 .

The dispute over Hungary 's withdrawal from the project , in alleged contravention of the 1977 bilateral treaty providing for its construction , may go to the International Court of Justice in The Hague .
the dispute over hungary 's withdrawal from the project , in [supposed] contravention of the 1977 bilateral treaty providing for its construction , may go to the international court of justice in the hague .

Numerous environmental campaigners have alleged that Fisons 's peat-cutting operations are causing irreparable damage to the fragile habitat of lowland peat-bogs .
numerous environmental campaigners have [supposed] that fisons 's peat-cutting operations are causing irreparable damage to the fragile habitat of lowland peat-bogs .

However , Environment Secretary Fulgencio Factoran has now given the project the go-ahead , on the grounds of the island 's alleged energy demand .
however , environment secretary fulgencio factoran has now given the project the go-ahead , on the grounds of the island 's [supposed] energy demand .

Euro-MPs of all parties have criticized the European Commission for its alleged weakness on implementing an integrated environmental policy .
euro-mps of all parties have criticized the european commission for its [supposed] weakness on implementing an integrated environmental policy .

Meanwhile , Asia Watch , the human rights monitoring agency , has alleged that the state governments involved have used violence against opponents of the project .
meanwhile , asia watch , the human rights monitoring agency , has [supposed] that the state governments involved have used violence against opponents of the project .

The Chico Mendes Committee , which represents rubber tappers and human rights activists , alleged complicity by the authorities in the escape .
the chico mendes committee , which represents rubber tappers and human rights activists , [supposed] complicity by the authorities in the escape .

An investigation is being conducted into the activities of a large American laboratory which is alleged to have falsified test results on pesticides .
an investigation is being conducted into the activities of a large american laboratory which is [supposed] to have falsified test results on pesticides .

The move has been welcomed by pollution campaigners in Britain , who have criticized the Department of Environment for its alleged failure to issue sufficient pollution warnings .
the move has been welcomed by pollution campaigners in britain , who have criticized the department of environment for its [supposed] failure to issue sufficient pollution warnings .

Its launch coincides with the opening of a Brazilian congressional inquiry into the alleged `` internationalization `` of the Amazon by Western governments and environmentalists .
its launch coincides with the opening of a brazilian congressional inquiry into the [supposed] `` internationalization `` of the amazon by western governments and environmentalists .

Anti-evolution propaganda is full of alleged examples of complex systems that `` could not possibly `` have passed through a gradual series of intermediates .
anti-evolution propaganda is full of [supposed] examples of complex systems that `` could not possibly `` have passed through a gradual series of intermediates .

If a project is a genuine community-based initiative creating jobs and providing a service for the community , and if its management and accounts are in order , it is utterly unacceptable that it should not receive funding on the basis of its alleged political associations .
if a project is a genuine community-based initiative creating jobs and providing a service for the community , and if its management and accounts are in order , it is utterly unacceptable that it should not receive funding on the basis of its [supposed] political associations .

The wines were probably better than anything we shall ever drink again in England , and served in the proper manner . What on earth would the Colonel have said to the waiter at a world famous hotel , who the other day brought a bottle of Chambertin to the table in a bucket of ice ? What , for that matter , would he have done , when confronted with the pile of chips and mass of Brussels sprouts heaped onto a plate containing an alleged sole meunière , in a restaurant where they ought to know better ?
the wines were probably better than anything we shall ever drink again in england , and served in the proper manner . what on earth would the colonel have said to the waiter at a world famous hotel , who the other day brought a bottle of chambertin to the table in a bucket of ice ? what , for that matter , would he have done , when confronted with the pile of chips and mass of brussels sprouts heaped onto a plate containing an [supposed] sole meunière , in a restaurant where they ought to know better ?

With an ill-fated exuberance which only a government in its last stages could achieve , Lloyd George succeeded in assembling five nominations for peerages , four of which were alleged to be discreditable .
with an ill-fated exuberance which only a government in its last stages could achieve , lloyd george succeeded in assembling five nominations for peerages , four of which were [supposed] to be discreditable .

This was more for personal reasons than because of Baldwin 's alleged lack of interest in foreign affairs .
this was more for personal reasons than because of baldwin 's [supposed] lack of interest in foreign affairs .

The legitimacy of this claim is shown by Nicaragua 's subsequent commencement of proceedings against Costa Rica and Honduras in which Honduras alleged that the Nicaraguan claims constituted an ‘ artificial and arbitrary ’ dividing up of the tension within the area .
the legitimacy of this claim is shown by nicaragua 's subsequent commencement of proceedings against costa rica and honduras in which honduras [supposed] that the nicaraguan claims constituted an ‘ artificial and arbitrary ’ dividing up of the tension within the area .

The Other Israel looks at Jewry 's alleged Biblical claim to Palestine and finds that 80 % of Israel 's occupants are descendants of East European/Asian 10th Century converts to Judaism and thus have no moral , racial or Biblical claim to the land of Palestine .
the other israel looks at jewry 's [supposed] biblical claim to palestine and finds that 80 % of israel 's occupants are descendants of east european/asian 10th century converts to judaism and thus have no moral , racial or biblical claim to the land of palestine .

His absences seem to have influenced Bayles , who was likewise alleged to be often away , his duties being performed by monitors .
his absences seem to have influenced bayles , who was likewise [supposed] to be often away , his duties being performed by monitors .

It may be alleged that such Unionist arguments were specious , that their concern was solely to exploit a winning issue at any cost to the nation , but this would be to misunderstand the Unionists themselves .
it may be [supposed] that such unionist arguments were specious , that their concern was solely to exploit a winning issue at any cost to the nation , but this would be to misunderstand the unionists themselves .

But the bête noire second to Lloyd George was Churchill , whose war record seemed to prove all that Unionists had alleged about his excitability and his unfitness for office .
but the bête noire second to lloyd george was churchill , whose war record seemed to prove all that unionists had [supposed] about his excitability and his unfitness for office .

above , but consonant with the spirit of our previous discussion which alleged that regularity should be the touchstone for telling reality from illusion .
above , but consonant with the spirit of our previous discussion which [supposed] that regularity should be the touchstone for telling reality from illusion .

Finally , whether the applicant 's interest is sufficient depends to some extent on the seriousness of the alleged illegality .
finally , whether the applicant 's interest is sufficient depends to some extent on the seriousness of the [supposed] illegality .

In Bourgoin v. Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food the plaintiff sought damages from the Ministry for an alleged breach of Article 30 of the Treaty of Rome which prohibits Member States imposing ‘ quantitative restrictions on imports ’ from other Member States .
in bourgoin v. ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food the plaintiff sought damages from the ministry for an [supposed] breach of article 30 of the treaty of rome which prohibits member states imposing ‘ quantitative restrictions on imports ’ from other member states .

53 even if the very ground on which the respondent 's action is alleged to be a tort or breach of contract is that it was illegal in a public law sense .
53 even if the very ground on which the respondent 's action is [supposed] to be a tort or breach of contract is that it was illegal in a public law sense .

Lawyers and philosophers have reappraised the moral significance of promises , each interpretation of the modern law discovering confirmation in alleged moral practices .
lawyers and philosophers have reappraised the moral significance of promises , each interpretation of the modern law discovering confirmation in [supposed] moral practices .

It is alleged that , far from contradicting the value of respect for individual liberty , the justification for the enforcement of contracts derives logically from that value .
it is [supposed] that , far from contradicting the value of respect for individual liberty , the justification for the enforcement of contracts derives logically from that value .

This , it is alleged , undermines the rule of law .
this , it is [supposed] , undermines the rule of law .

However , the alleged principle appears to go a long way beyond authority .
however , the [supposed] principle appears to go a long way beyond authority .

The second victim , Tahir Iqbal , was found dead in jail in Lahore , where he was detained on alleged charges of blasphemy .
the second victim , tahir iqbal , was found dead in jail in lahore , where he was detained on [supposed] charges of blasphemy .

They could not provide for them from their own resources , he alleged , and hence resorted to war , pillage and brigandage in order to sustain their followings .
they could not provide for them from their own resources , he [supposed] , and hence resorted to war , pillage and brigandage in order to sustain their followings .

In February 1284 , Constance de Béarn , vicomtesse of Marsan , complained that her claim to the comté of Bigorre had been assigned a hearing by Jean de Grilly , seneschal of Gascony , at Langon in the Bazadais because , she alleged , he knew that ‘ the customs of Bazadais were against her , and that the opposing parties would be aided by those customs ’ .
in february 1284 , constance de béarn , vicomtesse of marsan , complained that her claim to the comté of bigorre had been assigned a hearing by jean de grilly , seneschal of gascony , at langon in the bazadais because , she [supposed] , he knew that ‘ the customs of bazadais were against her , and that the opposing parties would be aided by those customs ’ .

The importance of the Cycladic islands had been exaggerated because it was alleged that there were Cycladic influences in the Balkans and in Italy and indeed Sicily , and in Iberia .
the importance of the cycladic islands had been exaggerated because it was [supposed] that there were cycladic influences in the balkans and in italy and indeed sicily , and in iberia .

The second victim , Tahir Iqbal , was found dead in jail in Lahore , where he was detained on alleged charges of blasphemy .
the second victim , tahir iqbal , was found dead in jail in lahore , where he was detained on [supposed] charges of blasphemy .

His first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned Rivers and Grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .
his first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned rivers and grey on the grounds that their [supposed] plan to murder him constituted treason .

The alleged lack of virtues and sense of shame of women cotton operatives was deplored alike in parliamentary debate and government blue books , in contemporary novels and in newspapers .
the [supposed] lack of virtues and sense of shame of women cotton operatives was deplored alike in parliamentary debate and government blue books , in contemporary novels and in newspapers .

It was largely because of these alleged conditions that the working class was the recipient of sustained evangelism throughout the nineteenth century , from Christian organisations , Sunday schools , educational charities , philanthropic societies , organisations like the Salvation Army , settlement houses and the like .
it was largely because of these [supposed] conditions that the working class was the recipient of sustained evangelism throughout the nineteenth century , from christian organisations , sunday schools , educational charities , philanthropic societies , organisations like the salvation army , settlement houses and the like .

The same misreading of the evidence is apparent in the controversy over the alleged lack of prudence of the working class , particularly as manifested in the younger age of marriage .
the same misreading of the evidence is apparent in the controversy over the [supposed] lack of prudence of the working class , particularly as manifested in the younger age of marriage .

This was blamed by many on the factory system and the alleged promiscuity it bred in women , but this ignored the fact that the highest percentage of young people who married between the ages of 15 and 20 was in Durham , where women did not work .
this was blamed by many on the factory system and the [supposed] promiscuity it bred in women , but this ignored the fact that the highest percentage of young people who married between the ages of 15 and 20 was in durham , where women did not work .

The final alleged change — that of growing equality within the family-is perhaps the most controversial and the one which is most challenged by contemporary feminist writers who argue that the family is , and continues to be , the major unit sustaining the exploitation and subordination of women .
the final [supposed] change — that of growing equality within the family-is perhaps the most controversial and the one which is most challenged by contemporary feminist writers who argue that the family is , and continues to be , the major unit sustaining the exploitation and subordination of women .

It is wise for the historian to be suspicious if claims for a special relationship are superimposed upon such alleged correlations .
it is wise for the historian to be suspicious if claims for a special relationship are superimposed upon such [supposed] correlations .

In addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the Home Secretary has responsibility for the operation of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .
in addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing [supposed] offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the home secretary has responsibility for the operation of the criminal injuries compensation scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .

… admittance to Britain or deportation ; cases where the Home Secretary has to consider an appeal in which wrongful conviction is alleged , or appeals to him from police officers , or prison officers , against disciplinary decisions ; and prisoners ' petitions to the Home Secretary .
… admittance to britain or deportation ; cases where the home secretary has to consider an appeal in which wrongful conviction is [supposed] , or appeals to him from police officers , or prison officers , against disciplinary decisions ; and prisoners ' petitions to the home secretary .

The inclusion of the former originated less from public concern over any alleged malpractice than from lack of confidence , felt mainly but not wholly within the legal profession , in procedures whereby ultimate responsibility for prosecuting as well as investigating in the vast majority of cases rested with the police .
the inclusion of the former originated less from public concern over any [supposed] malpractice than from lack of confidence , felt mainly but not wholly within the legal profession , in procedures whereby ultimate responsibility for prosecuting as well as investigating in the vast majority of cases rested with the police .

Most inexplicably of all , the Master of Lovat 's Regiment at Dunbar is assigned to Sir James Fraser of Brea , who is then alleged to have died of his wounds shortly after .
most inexplicably of all , the master of lovat 's regiment at dunbar is assigned to sir james fraser of brea , who is then [supposed] to have died of his wounds shortly after .

Mighty was sacked last year for alleged gross misconduct after it was claimed he harassed a child and had inappropriate talks on sex with ex-residents .
mighty was sacked last year for [supposed] gross misconduct after it was claimed he harassed a child and had inappropriate talks on sex with ex-residents .

Regulations laid down in 1865 made life significantly easier for the bulk of the press , reducing pre-publication censorship and committing the authorities to refer most alleged offences to the courts .
regulations laid down in 1865 made life significantly easier for the bulk of the press , reducing pre-publication censorship and committing the authorities to refer most [supposed] offences to the courts .

It alleged that Dr Mumby had injected Royan with substances that might harm him and failed to given adequate medical attention .
it [supposed] that dr mumby had injected royan with substances that might harm him and failed to given adequate medical attention .

The Erembald family , of which the chancellor of St Donatian 's and the castellan of Bruges were members in 1127 , was alleged by its opponents to be of servile origin ; that its members chose to murder Charles the Good rather than dispute the allegation suggests its truth .
the erembald family , of which the chancellor of st donatian 's and the castellan of bruges were members in 1127 , was [supposed] by its opponents to be of servile origin ; that its members chose to murder charles the good rather than dispute the allegation suggests its truth .

It was alleged that at one licensed dealer directors traced dealers who had left them , whether of their own accord or not , via their bank accounts .
it was [supposed] that at one licensed dealer directors traced dealers who had left them , whether of their own accord or not , via their bank accounts .

Amongst firms wound up early on , Prior Harwin was alleged to have mixed clients ' money with its own , to have been mismanaged , and to have had insufficient indemnity insurance .
amongst firms wound up early on , prior harwin was [supposed] to have mixed clients ' money with its own , to have been mismanaged , and to have had insufficient indemnity insurance .

In any proceedings it shall be a defence for the accused to prove that , at the date of the alleged contravention , the instrument had not been issued by Her Majesty 's Stationery Office .
in any proceedings it shall be a defence for the accused to prove that , at the date of the [supposed] contravention , the instrument had not been issued by her majesty 's stationery office .

It was alleged that there was an in-built conservative majority .
it was [supposed] that there was an in-built conservative majority .

In the past it has been alleged that consent was often less than genuine , the person believing that he had no option but to allow the police the right to enter the premises and search .
in the past it has been [supposed] that consent was often less than genuine , the person believing that he had no option but to allow the police the right to enter the premises and search .

It has been alleged that the accidents have occurred because your drivers have been working over the legal limit and that your vehicles have not been serviced .
it has been [supposed] that the accidents have occurred because your drivers have been working over the legal limit and that your vehicles have not been serviced .

It was also alleged for instance that women were too docile to make really good workers , too lacking in spirit and ambition : `` Boys [ i.e .
it was also [supposed] for instance that women were too docile to make really good workers , too lacking in spirit and ambition : `` boys [ i.e .

Three parts of the signatures were no signature at all `` , alleged one speaker at a men 's meeting .
three parts of the signatures were no signature at all `` , [supposed] one speaker at a men 's meeting .

Jesus , for an alleged hammerman to get married once is a crushing admission of defeat .
jesus , for an [supposed] hammerman to get married once is a crushing admission of defeat .

It was later to be alleged that he deliberately falsified his nationality , claiming to be English when he was not .
it was later to be [supposed] that he deliberately falsified his nationality , claiming to be english when he was not .

He gave as an example the ‘ Union of Building and Repair Workers of Korea ’ with an alleged membership of over one million , which was challenged by the Soviet delegation ; subsequently the American delegation conceded it did not exist .
he gave as an example the ‘ union of building and repair workers of korea ’ with an [supposed] membership of over one million , which was challenged by the soviet delegation ; subsequently the american delegation conceded it did not exist .

Hodge reported on 7 July that Rhee had issued a statement criticising the Americans for not supporting him ; this was in keeping with Rhee 's denunciation of the State Department and of an alleged plot to assassinate General Brown .
hodge reported on 7 july that rhee had issued a statement criticising the americans for not supporting him ; this was in keeping with rhee 's denunciation of the state department and of an [supposed] plot to assassinate general brown .

The ‘ Great Depression ’ after 1873 is alleged to have forced a decision between children and consumption , or at least between their number and the quality of their upbringing .
the ‘ great depression ’ after 1873 is [supposed] to have forced a decision between children and consumption , or at least between their number and the quality of their upbringing .

They were already exciting considerable attention in 1953 , some years before the emergence of rock-and-roll which was commonly alleged to be the depraving ‘ Americanising ’ root of their violent energies .
they were already exciting considerable attention in 1953 , some years before the emergence of rock-and-roll which was commonly [supposed] to be the depraving ‘ americanising ’ root of their violent energies .

On another Parliamentary occasion , when it was alleged that cases of motor banditry were being grossly exaggerated in the press , reference was made to ‘ such trivial acts as the pulling down of shutters of an empty kiosk and stealing cigarettes and sweets ’ which were contrasted with what was called ‘ real crime ’ .
on another parliamentary occasion , when it was [supposed] that cases of motor banditry were being grossly exaggerated in the press , reference was made to ‘ such trivial acts as the pulling down of shutters of an empty kiosk and stealing cigarettes and sweets ’ which were contrasted with what was called ‘ real crime ’ .

’ In another coroner 's court , called to enquire into the death of a 70-year-old man after an alleged hit-and-run accident , there was further uproar when the jury defied the evidence of medical experts and returned a verdict of ‘ heart disease from natural causes ’ .
’ in another coroner 's court , called to enquire into the death of a 70-year-old man after an [supposed] hit-and-run accident , there was further uproar when the jury defied the evidence of medical experts and returned a verdict of ‘ heart disease from natural causes ’ .

When a question was asked in Parliament in August 1898 , the Home Secretary 's department was ‘ not satisfied that there was any such insecurity as was alleged ’ .
when a question was asked in parliament in august 1898 , the home secretary 's department was ‘ not satisfied that there was any such insecurity as was [supposed] ’ .

The Larrikins , who can be traced back to 1870 in Australia , were also organised into local gangs or ‘ pushes ’ , and even allowing for exaggeration and over-involvement ( we need not readily accept , for example , that they gorged themselves on raw meat or rigged elections by terrorising voters , as was sometimes alleged ) their behaviour was unbeatably appalling .
the larrikins , who can be traced back to 1870 in australia , were also organised into local gangs or ‘ pushes ’ , and even allowing for exaggeration and over-involvement ( we need not readily accept , for example , that they gorged themselves on raw meat or rigged elections by terrorising voters , as was sometimes [supposed] ) their behaviour was unbeatably appalling .

In 1439 a further attempt was made to secure a diplomatic settlement when the French , the English , and the Burgundians ( but not the representatives of the Church , excluded by the English for their alleged partiality at Arras ) met near Calais in the summer of that year .
in 1439 a further attempt was made to secure a diplomatic settlement when the french , the english , and the burgundians ( but not the representatives of the church , excluded by the english for their [supposed] partiality at arras ) met near calais in the summer of that year .

Or , conversely , do alleged causes finally need to make sense in a system of rules and rational choices ?
or , conversely , do [supposed] causes finally need to make sense in a system of rules and rational choices ?

Even at the end of 1981 very few people in Wirral had any inkling that the area would , within two years , be alleged to have one of the largest heroin ‘ problems ’ in the United Kingdom .
even at the end of 1981 very few people in wirral had any inkling that the area would , within two years , be [supposed] to have one of the largest heroin ‘ problems ’ in the united kingdom .

Part of the alleged unfairness is that some plaintiffs in the United States courts will be denied the extensive discovery available to plaintiffs generally ; but that is to give absolutely no weight to the specifically international aspects present in particular cases .
part of the [supposed] unfairness is that some plaintiffs in the united states courts will be denied the extensive discovery available to plaintiffs generally ; but that is to give absolutely no weight to the specifically international aspects present in particular cases .

In its basic form , as proposed by Leslie Wilkins ( 1964 ) , societal reactions to initial , and often minor , acts of alleged deviance , have the effect of producing some degree of isolation and alienation among those who commit such acts .
in its basic form , as proposed by leslie wilkins ( 1964 ) , societal reactions to initial , and often minor , acts of [supposed] deviance , have the effect of producing some degree of isolation and alienation among those who commit such acts .

It is possible , though very unlikely , that the courts would grant a further exception to the rule in Foss v. Harbottle , by allowing a shareholder to bring a derivative action for alleged insider dealing .
it is possible , though very unlikely , that the courts would grant a further exception to the rule in foss v. harbottle , by allowing a shareholder to bring a derivative action for [supposed] insider dealing .

During the same period it was also alleged that there was a trade-off between unemployment and inflation , which came to be known as the Phillips curve .
during the same period it was also [supposed] that there was a trade-off between unemployment and inflation , which came to be known as the phillips curve .

The rhetoric of the Right in recent years , is that women have acquired rights and opportunities in the public world , especially in the labour market , but this , it is alleged has been at the expense of their families .
the rhetoric of the right in recent years , is that women have acquired rights and opportunities in the public world , especially in the labour market , but this , it is [supposed] has been at the expense of their families .

Insp Dennis said police were alerted by a phone call from the house after an alleged attack .
insp dennis said police were alerted by a phone call from the house after an [supposed] attack .

Seemingly more interested in spoiling tactics than news values , The Sun gave the supposed transcript of an alleged row between Prince Charles and his estranged wife far more prominence than it deserved .
seemingly more interested in spoiling tactics than news values , the sun gave the supposed transcript of an [supposed] row between prince charles and his estranged wife far more prominence than it deserved .

The commons alleged that they had lent the king 20,000 marks at 33 per cent interest , that they had sold licences to export wool to ports other than Calais , and had imposed a charge of 11 s per sack for each licence granted .
the commons [supposed] that they had lent the king 20,000 marks at 33 per cent interest , that they had sold licences to export wool to ports other than calais , and had imposed a charge of 11 s per sack for each licence granted .

He is said to have taken charge of the organisation after the arrest of alleged Godfather Salvatore ‘ Toto ’ Riina in January .
he is said to have taken charge of the organisation after the arrest of [supposed] godfather salvatore ‘ toto ’ riina in january .

Halstead-based Pc Ian Masheder was attacked and almost strangled with his own pullover , it was alleged at Chelmsford Crown Court .
halstead-based pc ian masheder was attacked and almost strangled with his own pullover , it was [supposed] at chelmsford crown court .

Mr. Cooper alleged that Saunders then attacked the officer , forced him to the ground and got on top of him .
mr. cooper [supposed] that saunders then attacked the officer , forced him to the ground and got on top of him .

Kim Kennedy , mitigating , said Cardwell denied making the threats and also did not accept making the number of calls alleged .
kim kennedy , mitigating , said cardwell denied making the threats and also did not accept making the number of calls [supposed] .

Cardwell alleged it been stolen , and the row got out of hand , said Mr Kennedy .
cardwell [supposed] it been stolen , and the row got out of hand , said mr kennedy .

Pc Peter Harris went to a house in Springfield Park Road just after midnight yesterday after an emergency call about an alleged assault on a young woman and criminal damage .
pc peter harris went to a house in springfield park road just after midnight yesterday after an emergency call about an [supposed] assault on a young woman and criminal damage .

Threats to kill alleged
threats to kill [supposed]

He felt that he was being earmarked for special attention from the Dale 's big central defenders in a rough and tumble encounter that saw McDonough being given his marching orders in the 66th minute for an alleged use of the elbow .
he felt that he was being earmarked for special attention from the dale 's big central defenders in a rough and tumble encounter that saw mcdonough being given his marching orders in the 66th minute for an [supposed] use of the elbow .

It was alleged Wing then punched Pc Elsegood , causing a swollen lip and broken tooth .
it was [supposed] wing then punched pc elsegood , causing a swollen lip and broken tooth .

Earlier , it was alleged that Casabona kidnapped the 15-year-old , raped her and tried to murder her by pumping exhaust fumes into the vehicle while they were both inside .
earlier , it was [supposed] that casabona kidnapped the 15-year-old , raped her and tried to murder her by pumping exhaust fumes into the vehicle while they were both inside .

Both Venables and Sugar attended a 90-minute board meeting at the club which agreed to dismiss Ashby , an alleged undischarged bankrupt .
both venables and sugar attended a 90-minute board meeting at the club which agreed to dismiss ashby , an [supposed] undischarged bankrupt .

Well , the ducking and diving award this week must surely go the Chancellor , Norman Lamont ; before the Treasury Committee he fielded a battery of awkward questions about the recovery , or should that be alleged recovery .
well , the ducking and diving award this week must surely go the chancellor , norman lamont ; before the treasury committee he fielded a battery of awkward questions about the recovery , or should that be [supposed] recovery .

In one week recently a fumigation trailer and two pest control vans were stolen , a Healthcare side-loader was broken into , there was an alleged poisoning of a dog by a Rentokil product , and a threat to contaminate cans of food with a Rentokil rodenticide .
in one week recently a fumigation trailer and two pest control vans were stolen , a healthcare side-loader was broken into , there was an [supposed] poisoning of a dog by a rentokil product , and a threat to contaminate cans of food with a rentokil rodenticide .

Where a claim arises allegedly due to storm damage it has to be established that storm conditions did occur in the area , on the date of the alleged damage . This can be checked with the local Meteorological Office or Prime
where a claim arises allegedly due to storm damage it has to be established that storm conditions did occur in the area , on the date of the [supposed] damage . this can be checked with the local meteorological office or prime

This has transpired from the fact that employees are alleged to be endangering their workmates ’ health by smoking .
this has transpired from the fact that employees are [supposed] to be endangering their workmates ’ health by smoking .

the pursuer succeeded in his application for an interim payment against his employer who argued they should only be liable to pay 50 % because of the alleged negligence of the master of a ship .
the pursuer succeeded in his application for an interim payment against his employer who argued they should only be liable to pay 50 % because of the [supposed] negligence of the master of a ship .

How often have we heard the Association lashed by the Banks for our alleged failure to accept Independent Third Party decisions ?
how often have we heard the association lashed by the banks for our [supposed] failure to accept independent third party decisions ?

Afterwards , it was alleged , the victims were placed in the children 's brothels in which Cairo abounded .
afterwards , it was [supposed] , the victims were placed in the children 's brothels in which cairo abounded .

This is also one of those cultures in which the relative absence of the latency period is alleged to disprove the Freudian theory of child development .
this is also one of those cultures in which the relative absence of the latency period is [supposed] to disprove the freudian theory of child development .

Despite her alleged impatience to hear about his experiences during the pay-off , she made no attempt to refer to it again , launching instead into a blow-by-blow account of a film she had seen the previous evening , going on to explain that she loved films , really loved them , that the only place to see them properly was the cinema , that her favourite was a wonderful old place in the centre of town called the Minerva , and what a shame it was that no one went to the cinema any more .
despite her [supposed] impatience to hear about his experiences during the pay-off , she made no attempt to refer to it again , launching instead into a blow-by-blow account of a film she had seen the previous evening , going on to explain that she loved films , really loved them , that the only place to see them properly was the cinema , that her favourite was a wonderful old place in the centre of town called the minerva , and what a shame it was that no one went to the cinema any more .

Turning to relationships between the state bureaucracy and other political institutions in communist regimes , it is frequently alleged that the bureaucracy is not subject to effective extra-bureaucratic constraints .
turning to relationships between the state bureaucracy and other political institutions in communist regimes , it is frequently [supposed] that the bureaucracy is not subject to effective extra-bureaucratic constraints .

Breton and Wintrobe conclude that ‘ the analysis of resource allocation in the public sector in terms of the alleged preference of bureau chiefs for larger budgets or non-pecuniary rewards , and of public sector growth in terms of bureaucratic monopoly , is entirely misplaced ’ ( 1982 , p. 97 ) .
breton and wintrobe conclude that ‘ the analysis of resource allocation in the public sector in terms of the [supposed] preference of bureau chiefs for larger budgets or non-pecuniary rewards , and of public sector growth in terms of bureaucratic monopoly , is entirely misplaced ’ ( 1982 , p. 97 ) .

His first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned Rivers and Grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .
his first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned rivers and grey on the grounds that their [supposed] plan to murder him constituted treason .

Knighton includes among the demands one for free rights of hunting and fishing , and Walsingham also reports an alleged confession by the rebel leader Jack Straw , which suggested far more revolutionary aims , the killing of all the lords and later of the King , the destruction of all possessioner clergy , leaving only the friars , and the creation of kings in all the counties ( 11 , pp.180–6 , 201–7 , 365–6 ) .
knighton includes among the demands one for free rights of hunting and fishing , and walsingham also reports an [supposed] confession by the rebel leader jack straw , which suggested far more revolutionary aims , the killing of all the lords and later of the king , the destruction of all possessioner clergy , leaving only the friars , and the creation of kings in all the counties ( 11 , pp.180–6 , 201–7 , 365–6 ) .

The hostility to alleged traitors took extreme form in the murders of Sudbury , Hales and Cavendish , and equally strong was the dislike of the King 's uncle , John of Gaunt — his palace of the Savoy was burned down ( although it is uncertain whether the Kentishmen or the Londoners played the leading part in this ) and he would probably have shared the fate of Sudbury and the others if he had not had the good fortune to be in the North negotiating with the Scots .
the hostility to [supposed] traitors took extreme form in the murders of sudbury , hales and cavendish , and equally strong was the dislike of the king 's uncle , john of gaunt — his palace of the savoy was burned down ( although it is uncertain whether the kentishmen or the londoners played the leading part in this ) and he would probably have shared the fate of sudbury and the others if he had not had the good fortune to be in the north negotiating with the scots .

In their statement they accused the security forces of raiding their seminars and arresting some students , a number of whom were later expelled by the university administration for alleged political activity .
in their statement they accused the security forces of raiding their seminars and arresting some students , a number of whom were later expelled by the university administration for [supposed] political activity .

They also complained of alleged interference by the country 's Revolutionary Command Council in issues relating to the appointment and replacement of deans of faculties and the university 's vice-chancellor .
they also complained of [supposed] interference by the country 's revolutionary command council in issues relating to the appointment and replacement of deans of faculties and the university 's vice-chancellor .

Although undue influence has been given to the alleged psychosexual immaturity of anorexia nervosa patients in the past , issues of sexuality need to be addressed as with other adolescent patients .
although undue influence has been given to the [supposed] psychosexual immaturity of anorexia nervosa patients in the past , issues of sexuality need to be addressed as with other adolescent patients .

It has been alleged that the assumption that only fiscal considerations are important ‘ makes the voting by feet hypothesis somewhat unrealistic , except in a setting where people work in the inner city and may choose among the suburbs for residence ’ ( Musgrave and Musgrave 1989 , p. 453 ) .
it has been [supposed] that the assumption that only fiscal considerations are important ‘ makes the voting by feet hypothesis somewhat unrealistic , except in a setting where people work in the inner city and may choose among the suburbs for residence ’ ( musgrave and musgrave 1989 , p. 453 ) .

What neither German radio nor the public knew was that the Duke of Buccleuch was placed under house arrest on his estates in Scotland , several aristocrats were personally warned by Churchill that if they talked of peace they would be jailed , and Lord Londonderry was questioned inconclusively about a meeting that was alleged to have taken place on his Mountstewart estate in Northern Ireland with four German agents who had travelled up through the Free State .
what neither german radio nor the public knew was that the duke of buccleuch was placed under house arrest on his estates in scotland , several aristocrats were personally warned by churchill that if they talked of peace they would be jailed , and lord londonderry was questioned inconclusively about a meeting that was [supposed] to have taken place on his mountstewart estate in northern ireland with four german agents who had travelled up through the free state .

Thus it could be alleged that we are all vulnerable to this power , individuals having little control over their lives , in the shadow of a powerful and looming state which offers them protection and a set of civil/political rights , the main being to elect representatives in return for their acquiescence .
thus it could be [supposed] that we are all vulnerable to this power , individuals having little control over their lives , in the shadow of a powerful and looming state which offers them protection and a set of civil/political rights , the main being to elect representatives in return for their acquiescence .

It is alleged that party government and politics are inimical to genuine democracy .
it is [supposed] that party government and politics are inimical to genuine democracy .

On May 21 one of the most senior members of the federal Cabinet , Lucien Bouchard , a native of Quebec , resigned as Environment Minister because of the continued opposition to Meech Lake and because of alleged government attempts to dilute the `` distinct society `` clause .
on may 21 one of the most senior members of the federal cabinet , lucien bouchard , a native of quebec , resigned as environment minister because of the continued opposition to meech lake and because of [supposed] government attempts to dilute the `` distinct society `` clause .

Notable absentees included President Doe of Liberia , currently threatened by a rebellion ; President Houphouët-Boigny of Côte d'Ivoire , who was facing mounting dissent ; and President Mobutu of Zaïre , who was dealing with a crisis over the alleged massacre of students at Lubumbashi .
notable absentees included president doe of liberia , currently threatened by a rebellion ; president houphouët-boigny of côte d'ivoire , who was facing mounting dissent ; and president mobutu of zaïre , who was dealing with a crisis over the [supposed] massacre of students at lubumbashi .

Barry had been invited to the hotel by Moore who had agreed to co-operate with the authorities in their campaign to acquire evidence of the mayor 's widely alleged use of illegal drugs .
barry had been invited to the hotel by moore who had agreed to co-operate with the authorities in their campaign to acquire evidence of the mayor 's widely [supposed] use of illegal drugs .

The three were alleged to have been part of a 30-strong gang which rampaged through the park on April 19 , 1989 , making a series of unprovoked attacks which culminated in the gang-rape of the jogger who was left unconscious with severe head injuries .
the three were [supposed] to have been part of a 30-strong gang which rampaged through the park on april 19 , 1989 , making a series of unprovoked attacks which culminated in the gang-rape of the jogger who was left unconscious with severe head injuries .

The last of the 22 people detained in 1987 for their alleged involvement in a " Marxist conspiracy " to overthrow the Singapore government [ see p. 35462 ] were conditionally released in June .
the last of the 22 people detained in 1987 for their [supposed] involvement in a " marxist conspiracy " to overthrow the singapore government [ see p. 35462 ] were conditionally released in june .

They alleged that electoral rolls had been tampered with and that people had been either pressurized to vote , refused a vote , or discovered that others had voted in their place .
they [supposed] that electoral rolls had been tampered with and that people had been either pressurized to vote , refused a vote , or discovered that others had voted in their place .

Three alleged police informers were murdered in the course of the demonstrations .
three [supposed] police informers were murdered in the course of the demonstrations .

The Zaïrean authorities denied the newspaper reports , while acknowledging that there had been student unrest , and refused requests for an international inquiry into the alleged incident .
the zaïrean authorities denied the newspaper reports , while acknowledging that there had been student unrest , and refused requests for an international inquiry into the [supposed] incident .

Treason trial — Alleged foreign support for coup
treason trial — [supposed] foreign support for coup

After his recapture , Lekule alleged that Prince Mfanasibili Dlamini , a prominent member of the royal family found guilty of high treason in November 1987 [ see p. 36008 ] , had been plotting to escape from prison .
after his recapture , lekule [supposed] that prince mfanasibili dlamini , a prominent member of the royal family found guilty of high treason in november 1987 [ see p. 36008 ] , had been plotting to escape from prison .

All those detained were later released , the last of them in July 1989 , but at court hearings it was alleged that Prince Mfanasibili had planned to seize power with the aid of a group of mercenaries .
all those detained were later released , the last of them in july 1989 , but at court hearings it was [supposed] that prince mfanasibili had planned to seize power with the aid of a group of mercenaries .

In October 1989 a judicial commission had been set up to inquire into alleged destabilization at the university ; some lecturers feared that the findings of the inquiry would be used as a pretext to dismiss teaching staff and to suppress trade union activity on the campus .
in october 1989 a judicial commission had been set up to inquire into [supposed] destabilization at the university ; some lecturers feared that the findings of the inquiry would be used as a pretext to dismiss teaching staff and to suppress trade union activity on the campus .

Trials took place in various parts of the country during 1989 and into 1990 of alleged Moslem extremists accused of involvement in a nationwide conspiracy .
trials took place in various parts of the country during 1989 and into 1990 of [supposed] moslem extremists accused of involvement in a nationwide conspiracy .

The authorities ' success in capturing the main instigators of the coup was marred by the escape from detention of some officers , including another of the alleged ringleaders , Lt.-Cdr .
the authorities ' success in capturing the main instigators of the coup was marred by the escape from detention of some officers , including another of the [supposed] ringleaders , lt.-cdr .

The so-called Stalker affair re-emerged throughout January 1990 following the collapse on Jan. 18 of fraud charges against Kevin Taylor , a Manchester businessman and alleged criminal with whom John Stalker , the former Deputy Chief Constable of Greater Manchester , was said to have associated and thus to have engaged in discreditable conduct .
the so-called stalker affair re-emerged throughout january 1990 following the collapse on jan. 18 of fraud charges against kevin taylor , a manchester businessman and [supposed] criminal with whom john stalker , the former deputy chief constable of greater manchester , was said to have associated and thus to have engaged in discreditable conduct .

Other allegations of torture came from a New York Bar Association report released in November 1989 and the Turkish Human Rights Association which on Feb. 1 , 1990 , cited evidence of 37 alleged cases of torture in 1989 , 10 of them involving women , in police custody .
other allegations of torture came from a new york bar association report released in november 1989 and the turkish human rights association which on feb. 1 , 1990 , cited evidence of 37 [supposed] cases of torture in 1989 , 10 of them involving women , in police custody .

On the following day , however , a second jury acquitted Keith Mondello , 19 , the alleged ringleader of the gang , of murder and manslaughter charges .
on the following day , however , a second jury acquitted keith mondello , 19 , the [supposed] ringleader of the gang , of murder and manslaughter charges .

Asia Watch , the US-based human rights organization , issued a report on May 28 which alleged that abuses by the Chinese authorities in Tibet had `` greatly increased `` over the last two years , and that torture was frequently used against protesters .
asia watch , the us-based human rights organization , issued a report on may 28 which [supposed] that abuses by the chinese authorities in tibet had `` greatly increased `` over the last two years , and that torture was frequently used against protesters .

Alleged military warning to Gorbachev
[supposed] military warning to gorbachev

Both Prikazsky and Bursky were alleged to have had links with the Statni Bezpecnost ( StB — State Security , or secret police ) under the communist regime before November 1989 , and it was suggested that a third ( unnamed ) minister had also had such links .
both prikazsky and bursky were [supposed] to have had links with the statni bezpecnost ( stb — state security , or secret police ) under the communist regime before november 1989 , and it was suggested that a third ( unnamed ) minister had also had such links .

Israel , he alleged , had selected Jordan as `` the point through which to penetrate … the Arab Nation `` and his country could no longer continue to carry the burden of confronting the Israeli threat alone .
israel , he [supposed] , had selected jordan as `` the point through which to penetrate … the arab nation `` and his country could no longer continue to carry the burden of confronting the israeli threat alone .

It was reported on Jan. 12 that legal proceedings were still continuing against 21 people for their alleged role in plots against Bongo ( some held for their part in the Mamboundou affair , and the others detained for their part in an internal conspiracy by Lt.-Col. Georges Moubandjo , a former aide-de-camp to Bongo ) .
it was reported on jan. 12 that legal proceedings were still continuing against 21 people for their [supposed] role in plots against bongo ( some held for their part in the mamboundou affair , and the others detained for their part in an internal conspiracy by lt.-col. georges moubandjo , a former aide-de-camp to bongo ) .

On Sept. 28 Evaristo Porras Ardila , an alleged member of the Colombian Medellín drug cartel , was captured and deported to Colombia .
on sept. 28 evaristo porras ardila , an [supposed] member of the colombian medellín drug cartel , was captured and deported to colombia .

Oscar Mariano Ospina , the alleged `` treasurer `` of the Medellín cartel , was reported to have been killed in Medellín by an elite police corps on May 4 , along with seven others .
oscar mariano ospina , the [supposed] `` treasurer `` of the medellín cartel , was reported to have been killed in medellín by an elite police corps on may 4 , along with seven others .

The Justice Secretary , César Arias ( appointed on Oct. 5 , 1989 , to replace Julio Oyhanarte ) , later described as a `` fantasy `` remarks by former President Raúl Alfonsín who in a television interview on March 7 , 1990 , warned that democracy was under threat and alleged that the government was studying the possibility of closing Congress using a 1909 decree .
the justice secretary , césar arias ( appointed on oct. 5 , 1989 , to replace julio oyhanarte ) , later described as a `` fantasy `` remarks by former president raúl alfonsín who in a television interview on march 7 , 1990 , warned that democracy was under threat and [supposed] that the government was studying the possibility of closing congress using a 1909 decree .

One of the most wanted fugitives sought by the Italian police , Nunzio Barbarossa , alleged to be a head of the Neapolitan Camorra , had been arrested in the northern city of Bologna in October 1989 .
one of the most wanted fugitives sought by the italian police , nunzio barbarossa , [supposed] to be a head of the neapolitan camorra , had been arrested in the northern city of bologna in october 1989 .

The main opposition demands were the dissolution of the government and the Rashtriya Panchayat ( parliament ) , release of all political detainees , compensation for the victims of police action , the representation of the opposition on the commission dealing with constitutional change , and the establishment of an independent committee to look into alleged abuses committed by the security forces .
the main opposition demands were the dissolution of the government and the rashtriya panchayat ( parliament ) , release of all political detainees , compensation for the victims of police action , the representation of the opposition on the commission dealing with constitutional change , and the establishment of an independent committee to look into [supposed] abuses committed by the security forces .

Alleged attempted coup — Cabinet reshuffle — Unity agreements with Libya
[supposed] attempted coup — cabinet reshuffle — unity agreements with libya

The prosecution also alleged that in the early hours of Nov. 24 , 1986 , when investigators began searching the National Security Council offices for documents relating to the affair , Poindexter had erased more than 5,000 files from the memory of his computer .
the prosecution also [supposed] that in the early hours of nov. 24 , 1986 , when investigators began searching the national security council offices for documents relating to the affair , poindexter had erased more than 5,000 files from the memory of his computer .

Bilbastro `` Billy `` Bibit , an alleged leader of the December 1989 coup attempt against the government of President Corazon Aquino , escaped from a Manila prison in the early hours of April 8 .
bilbastro `` billy `` bibit , an [supposed] leader of the december 1989 coup attempt against the government of president corazon aquino , escaped from a manila prison in the early hours of april 8 .

On April 15 a group of doctors threatened to strike against the curfew , which they alleged was preventing them from attending patients .
on april 15 a group of doctors threatened to strike against the curfew , which they [supposed] was preventing them from attending patients .

As envisaged before the election the chamber approved the establishment of a committee to investigate MPs ' alleged involvement with the former security police or " Stasi " [ see p. 37302 ] .
as envisaged before the election the chamber approved the establishment of a committee to investigate mps ' [supposed] involvement with the former security police or " stasi " [ see p. 37302 ] .

In a speech delivered to members of the armed forces on April 2 , President Saddam Hussein robustly defended Iraq against Western accusations over its alleged nuclear aspirations .
in a speech delivered to members of the armed forces on april 2 , president saddam hussein robustly defended iraq against western accusations over its [supposed] nuclear aspirations .

Samuel Katwere , editor of The Star , the only independent English-language newspaper , was arrested on Nov. 6 , 1989 , and held without charge over an article published in the paper on Sept. 22 , 1989 , which alleged that the managing director of the government-owned Ugandan Commercial Bank was being paid huge amounts in compensation for the death of two children during the war which brought Museveni to power , and further called Museveni a liar for defending the banker against allegations raised in parliament that he was being paid more than he was worth .
samuel katwere , editor of the star , the only independent english-language newspaper , was arrested on nov. 6 , 1989 , and held without charge over an article published in the paper on sept. 22 , 1989 , which [supposed] that the managing director of the government-owned ugandan commercial bank was being paid huge amounts in compensation for the death of two children during the war which brought museveni to power , and further called museveni a liar for defending the banker against allegations raised in parliament that he was being paid more than he was worth .

The document also alleged that Montazeri had been involved in a gang whose members had been executed in Iran in 1987 after smuggling explosives to Saudi Arabia during the pilgrimage to Mecca the previous year [ see pp .
the document also [supposed] that montazeri had been involved in a gang whose members had been executed in iran in 1987 after smuggling explosives to saudi arabia during the pilgrimage to mecca the previous year [ see pp .

Suggestions by leading Iranian political figures , including the head of the judiciary , Hojatolislam Mohammad Yazdi , that Roger Cooper , a British businessman in an Iranian prison on alleged spying charges , be released , received a negative response from the Iranian press and from the Majlis .
suggestions by leading iranian political figures , including the head of the judiciary , hojatolislam mohammad yazdi , that roger cooper , a british businessman in an iranian prison on [supposed] spying charges , be released , received a negative response from the iranian press and from the majlis .

The charges arose from a 1983 investigation of alleged sexual abuse by Buckey , his mother Peggy McMartin Buckey , and several members of staff at the family-owned McMartin kindergarten in Los Angeles .
the charges arose from a 1983 investigation of [supposed] sexual abuse by buckey , his mother peggy mcmartin buckey , and several members of staff at the family-owned mcmartin kindergarten in los angeles .

However , the following day Chief Minister Kitingan , who had close links with one of the alleged plotters , denied that any such plot existed .
however , the following day chief minister kitingan , who had close links with one of the [supposed] plotters , denied that any such plot existed .

The charges , which carried a maximum sentence of 50 years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 1,000,000 , alleged that Imelda Marcos had secretly invested in Manhattan real estate and valuables using money stolen from the Philippines .
the charges , which carried a maximum sentence of 50 years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 1,000,000 , [supposed] that imelda marcos had secretly invested in manhattan real estate and valuables using money stolen from the philippines .

Although the 114 deputies represented an absolute majority in the 180-member Kosovo Assembly , the Assembly itself had been summarily closed by the Serbian authorities on June 26 , following a decision of the Serbian Assembly to declare a situation of `` special circumstances `` in Kosovo because of the ongoing strikes in numerous factories , and because of alleged attacks against ethnic Serbians in the province .
although the 114 deputies represented an absolute majority in the 180-member kosovo assembly , the assembly itself had been summarily closed by the serbian authorities on june 26 , following a decision of the serbian assembly to declare a situation of `` special circumstances `` in kosovo because of the ongoing strikes in numerous factories , and because of [supposed] attacks against ethnic serbians in the province .

Alleged foreign involvement
[supposed] foreign involvement

Sackor had in late 1989 headed a committee given the responsibility of investigating alleged subversive activity in the area , but which had concluded that the allegations were groundless .
sackor had in late 1989 headed a committee given the responsibility of investigating [supposed] subversive activity in the area , but which had concluded that the allegations were groundless .

Tanjug had alleged on Dec. 16 that four brothers who were members of Albania 's ethnic-Greek minority had been tortured and killed in October 1989 for trying to flee the country .
tanjug had [supposed] on dec. 16 that four brothers who were members of albania 's ethnic-greek minority had been tortured and killed in october 1989 for trying to flee the country .

Faisal al-Husseini , the director of the East Jerusalem Institute of Arab Studies and one of the chief co-ordinators of the intifada , was arrested in East Jerusalem on Jan. 19 for questioning about his alleged involvement in the attempted formation of a Palestinian " popular army " unit .
faisal al-husseini , the director of the east jerusalem institute of arab studies and one of the chief co-ordinators of the intifada , was arrested in east jerusalem on jan. 19 for questioning about his [supposed] involvement in the attempted formation of a palestinian " popular army " unit .

Chbada was among four hunger strikers protesting against alleged brutality and a lack of medical and sanitary facilities in Rabat 's El Alou prison .
chbada was among four hunger strikers protesting against [supposed] brutality and a lack of medical and sanitary facilities in rabat 's el alou prison .

It had also been reported that 37 prisoners in the Central Prison at Kenitra ( 50 km from Rabat ) took part in a 24-hour hunger strike on Dec. 10 , 1988 , in protest against prison conditions and alleged repression of prisoners ' families .
it had also been reported that 37 prisoners in the central prison at kenitra ( 50 km from rabat ) took part in a 24-hour hunger strike on dec. 10 , 1988 , in protest against prison conditions and [supposed] repression of prisoners ' families .

During his four-year term the police had acquired significantly more political and executive power , and Badr had been responsible for the arrests of thousands of Moslem militants and alleged leftists .
during his four-year term the police had acquired significantly more political and executive power , and badr had been responsible for the arrests of thousands of moslem militants and [supposed] leftists .

Later in December police arrested 57 Moslem fundamentalist students at Asyut University for alleged anti-state activities .
later in december police arrested 57 moslem fundamentalist students at asyut university for [supposed] anti-state activities .

Alleged chemical weapons development by Egypt , Libya and Iran
[supposed] chemical weapons development by egypt , libya and iran

The chairman-designate , Uwe Kuntze , of a West German company alleged to have been involved in the manufacture of a chemical weapons plant in Rabta , Libya , admitted that the firm , Imhausen-Chemie , had appeared `` not to have respected regulations ' during the affair but protested that the company had not acted `` intentionally or maliciously `` .
the chairman-designate , uwe kuntze , of a west german company [supposed] to have been involved in the manufacture of a chemical weapons plant in rabta , libya , admitted that the firm , imhausen-chemie , had appeared `` not to have respected regulations ' during the affair but protested that the company had not acted `` intentionally or maliciously `` .

Actions of Iraqi forces in Kuwait — Alleged build-up of troops on Saudi border
actions of iraqi forces in kuwait — [supposed] build-up of troops on saudi border

Barry had been invited to the hotel by Moore who had agreed to co-operate with the authorities in their campaign to acquire evidence of the mayor 's widely alleged use of illegal drugs .
barry had been invited to the hotel by moore who had agreed to co-operate with the authorities in their campaign to acquire evidence of the mayor 's widely [supposed] use of illegal drugs .

The single charge upon which Barry was convicted alleged that he had possessed cocaine between Nov. 7 and Nov. 10 , 1989 , an offence which carried a maximum sentence of one year in prison and a fine of $ 100,000 , although it was extremely rare for a prison sentence to be imposed for a first offence of this nature .
the single charge upon which barry was convicted [supposed] that he had possessed cocaine between nov. 7 and nov. 10 , 1989 , an offence which carried a maximum sentence of one year in prison and a fine of $ 100,000 , although it was extremely rare for a prison sentence to be imposed for a first offence of this nature .

The count upon which he was acquitted , that he had allegedly bought crack cocaine from a Washington dealer on Sept. 7 , was refuted by defence witnesses who testified that the mayor had not been in the vicinity of the alleged transaction on the day in question .
the count upon which he was acquitted , that he had allegedly bought crack cocaine from a washington dealer on sept. 7 , was refuted by defence witnesses who testified that the mayor had not been in the vicinity of the [supposed] transaction on the day in question .

During the trial the prosecution had alleged that Saunders had authorized large covert payment to numerous persons , including Ronson , in return for their commitment to buy Guinness shares .
during the trial the prosecution had [supposed] that saunders had authorized large covert payment to numerous persons , including ronson , in return for their commitment to buy guinness shares .

On June 29 , 1989 , West German police had raided a Düsseldorf company , Rheineisen Chemical Products GmbH , in connection with alleged shipments to Iran of chemicals capable of manufacturing mustard gas .
on june 29 , 1989 , west german police had raided a düsseldorf company , rheineisen chemical products gmbh , in connection with [supposed] shipments to iran of chemicals capable of manufacturing mustard gas .

The alleged plot was said to have consisted of five so far unsolved supermarket killings in which 28 people died and which were apparently carried out by a clandestine right-wing movement to discredit the state [ see also p. 34893 ] .
the [supposed] plot was said to have consisted of five so far unsolved supermarket killings in which 28 people died and which were apparently carried out by a clandestine right-wing movement to discredit the state [ see also p. 34893 ] .

On May 7 a woman protester was killed by a ricochet bullet shot from the gun of a gendarme in a demonstration at an arms factory ( Poudreries Réunies de Belgique ) alleged to be connected with the Iraqi supergun affair .
on may 7 a woman protester was killed by a ricochet bullet shot from the gun of a gendarme in a demonstration at an arms factory ( poudreries réunies de belgique ) [supposed] to be connected with the iraqi supergun affair .

Waldheim continued to be banned from entering the United States because of his alleged participation in the execution and maltreatment of Allied prisoners and in the deportation of Jews .
waldheim continued to be banned from entering the united states because of his [supposed] participation in the execution and maltreatment of allied prisoners and in the deportation of jews .

Roque Fernández , a Central Bank director , alleged that the money , the equivalent to one year 's national income and greater than the current foreign debt , had been used to finance government , to rescue failed banks , and to subsidise private companies .
roque fernández , a central bank director , [supposed] that the money , the equivalent to one year 's national income and greater than the current foreign debt , had been used to finance government , to rescue failed banks , and to subsidise private companies .

He alleged that the private sector had received 80 per cent of the money and it was here that loans had failed to be repaid .
he [supposed] that the private sector had received 80 per cent of the money and it was here that loans had failed to be repaid .

Luther Custodio , and 15 others including a captain and a lieutenant , were sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of Benigno Aquino and of his alleged assassin Rolando Galman .
luther custodio , and 15 others including a captain and a lieutenant , were sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of benigno aquino and of his [supposed] assassin rolando galman .

Despite an agreement reached in late August that files of the East German State Security police ( " Stasi " ) would remain in East Germany after unification [ see p. 37661 ] , the question in particular of MPs ' and ministers ' alleged Stasi involvement remained a major issue .
despite an agreement reached in late august that files of the east german state security police ( " stasi " ) would remain in east germany after unification [ see p. 37661 ] , the question in particular of mps ' and ministers ' [supposed] stasi involvement remained a major issue .

On Sept. 15-16 a list of 68 names of Volkskammer and government members alleged to have worked for the Stasi was made public .
on sept. 15-16 a list of 68 names of volkskammer and government members [supposed] to have worked for the stasi was made public .

The Arab League Secretary-General , Chedli Klibi ( Tunisia ) , had already resigned on Sept. 3 , over alleged accusations from Saudi Arabia 's Foreign Minister , Prince Saud al Faisal , that he had failed in his mandate to discover why some Arab countries had expressed reservations or abstained from voting during the August Arab emergency summit on Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait [ see p. 37635 ] .
the arab league secretary-general , chedli klibi ( tunisia ) , had already resigned on sept. 3 , over [supposed] accusations from saudi arabia 's foreign minister , prince saud al faisal , that he had failed in his mandate to discover why some arab countries had expressed reservations or abstained from voting during the august arab emergency summit on iraq 's invasion of kuwait [ see p. 37635 ] .

One of those under investigation , former Interior Minister Andras Benkei described the allegations as `` rubbish `` , but the Hungarian daily Magyar Nemzet alleged that Carlos and members of his group had stayed in Hungary several times in the late 1970s and early 1980s and that leading communist officials had been aware of their presence .
one of those under investigation , former interior minister andras benkei described the allegations as `` rubbish `` , but the hungarian daily magyar nemzet [supposed] that carlos and members of his group had stayed in hungary several times in the late 1970s and early 1980s and that leading communist officials had been aware of their presence .

While trials of Securitate leaders were taking place in Timisoara , opposition activists alleged that a high proportion of secret policemen were simply absorbed into the government agencies , armed forces and revamped services .
while trials of securitate leaders were taking place in timisoara , opposition activists [supposed] that a high proportion of secret policemen were simply absorbed into the government agencies , armed forces and revamped services .

Similarly , the two brothers and four sisters of the Popaj family who had taken refuge in the Italian embassy in 1985 ( claiming persecution because of their father 's alleged wartime activities — see also p. 34249 ) were issued with passports and allowed to leave for Italy on May 16 .
similarly , the two brothers and four sisters of the popaj family who had taken refuge in the italian embassy in 1985 ( claiming persecution because of their father 's [supposed] wartime activities — see also p. 34249 ) were issued with passports and allowed to leave for italy on may 16 .

Alleged Stasi involvement by leading politicians — Resignations of Schnur and Böhme
[supposed] stasi involvement by leading politicians — resignations of schnur and böhme

It was alleged that these were the graves of victims of the occupying Soviet forces after the Second World War rather than of Nazi victims .
it was [supposed] that these were the graves of victims of the occupying soviet forces after the second world war rather than of nazi victims .

Anatoly Sobchak , a radical Congress deputy from Leningrad , alleged in the Congress on March 14 that Ryzhkov had personally signed the export licence .
anatoly sobchak , a radical congress deputy from leningrad , [supposed] in the congress on march 14 that ryzhkov had personally signed the export licence .

Alleged poisoning outbreak in Kosovo
[supposed] poisoning outbreak in kosovo

The ruling was said to be partly based on a case brought in a British court by a Maze prisoner who had alleged maltreatment by prison officers .
the ruling was said to be partly based on a case brought in a british court by a maze prisoner who had [supposed] maltreatment by prison officers .

The Speaker of the outgoing Legislative Assembly , Dayanand Narvekar , resigned on Sept. 16 , 1989 , after opposition pressure which had included a hunger strike , over an alleged indecent assault .
the speaker of the outgoing legislative assembly , dayanand narvekar , resigned on sept. 16 , 1989 , after opposition pressure which had included a hunger strike , over an [supposed] indecent assault .

Acquittal of alleged Mafia boss
acquittal of [supposed] mafia boss

The severity of the punishments , together with the recent sentencing of an artist , Hong Song Dam , to eight years for alleged contact with North Korean agents in West Germany and for sending a slide of a painting to North Korea , fuelled international concern that the Roh government 's record on human rights was deteriorating .
the severity of the punishments , together with the recent sentencing of an artist , hong song dam , to eight years for [supposed] contact with north korean agents in west germany and for sending a slide of a painting to north korea , fuelled international concern that the roh government 's record on human rights was deteriorating .

In January 1990 the international human rights organization , Amnesty International , issued a report which alleged that there were more than 800 political prisoners in South Korea and which claimed that the government had `` deliberately disregarded `` constitutional guarantees and other reforms introduced in 1987-88 designed to protect detainees from mistreatment or torture .
in january 1990 the international human rights organization , amnesty international , issued a report which [supposed] that there were more than 800 political prisoners in south korea and which claimed that the government had `` deliberately disregarded `` constitutional guarantees and other reforms introduced in 1987-88 designed to protect detainees from mistreatment or torture .

Petre also promised to set up government commissions ( i ) to investigate alleged military counter-revolutionary activity during December 1989 , especially in Timisoara ; and ( ii ) to `` solve `` the military 's problems .
petre also promised to set up government commissions ( i ) to investigate [supposed] military counter-revolutionary activity during december 1989 , especially in timisoara ; and ( ii ) to `` solve `` the military 's problems .

Outbreak of violence in Dushanbe — Alleged coup attempt against Tadjik government
outbreak of violence in dushanbe — [supposed] coup attempt against tadjik government

She warned him that the company was to be investigated for alleged laundering of drug money through Swiss banks in the so-called `` Lebanon connection `` case , and he resigned his position later that same day [ ibid . ]
she warned him that the company was to be investigated for [supposed] laundering of drug money through swiss banks in the so-called `` lebanon connection `` case , and he resigned his position later that same day [ ibid . ]

Alleged discovery of nuclear reprocessing facility
[supposed] discovery of nuclear reprocessing facility

In addition to the memory of what had happened to the established Church during the 1640s and 1650s , the repeated reports of Nonconformist plots ( both alleged and real ) against the government in Church and State from the 1660s onwards encouraged a belief in the need for constant vigilance against a subversive Nonconformist threat .
in addition to the memory of what had happened to the established church during the 1640s and 1650s , the repeated reports of nonconformist plots ( both [supposed] and real ) against the government in church and state from the 1660s onwards encouraged a belief in the need for constant vigilance against a subversive nonconformist threat .

We should not go too far and argue that the alleged conflict between the monied and landed interests was nothing more than a propagandist 's fiction .
we should not go too far and argue that the [supposed] conflict between the monied and landed interests was nothing more than a propagandist 's fiction .

Some Whigs were implicated in Jacobite activities , amongst them John Wildman , Charles Mordaunt ( third Earl of Monmouth ) , the Earls of Dorset and Shrewsbury , and the Duke of Bolton , although whether we should see their alleged intrigues as much more than fire-insurance Jacobitism is unclear .
some whigs were implicated in jacobite activities , amongst them john wildman , charles mordaunt ( third earl of monmouth ) , the earls of dorset and shrewsbury , and the duke of bolton , although whether we should see their [supposed] intrigues as much more than fire-insurance jacobitism is unclear .

Often , the words alleged against the accused were spoken in an alehouse , and although alcohol might help loosen one 's inhibitions , we surely have to be sceptical about the depth of commitment of someone whose only Jacobite statement was made in a drunken stupor .
often , the words [supposed] against the accused were spoken in an alehouse , and although alcohol might help loosen one 's inhibitions , we surely have to be sceptical about the depth of commitment of someone whose only jacobite statement was made in a drunken stupor .

Was not Schwarzenberg himself [ the Austrian first minister who died in 1852 ] alleged to have declared that Austria would one day astound the world by the greatness of her ingratitude ? ``
was not schwarzenberg himself [ the austrian first minister who died in 1852 ] [supposed] to have declared that austria would one day astound the world by the greatness of her ingratitude ? ``

Once it is conceded that non-human animals might have qualities of this sort the observer is challenged to interpret the alleged symbolism and the alleged symptoms of emotion and attitude .
once it is conceded that non-human animals might have qualities of this sort the observer is challenged to interpret the [supposed] symbolism and the [supposed] symptoms of emotion and attitude .

Most of the debate was really about an alleged universality of the nuclear family of married biological parents and their legitimate children .
most of the debate was really about an [supposed] universality of the nuclear family of married biological parents and their legitimate children .

While behind-the-scenes the Americans were discussing remarks alleged to have been said by Gary Player .
while behind-the-scenes the americans were discussing remarks [supposed] to have been said by gary player .

This failure , it is alleged , has hampered Britain 's industrial development and contributed to the British economy 's performance being poorer than it might have been .
this failure , it is [supposed] , has hampered britain 's industrial development and contributed to the british economy 's performance being poorer than it might have been .

It is alleged that smaller organisations can respond quicker to change and that this is one of their strengths .
it is [supposed] that smaller organisations can respond quicker to change and that this is one of their strengths .

In all of these case an alleged offence ensures mandatory and indeterminate hospitalisation despite the fact that no trial has taken place in the former category while no conviction has been recorded in the latter .
in all of these case an [supposed] offence ensures mandatory and indeterminate hospitalisation despite the fact that no trial has taken place in the former category while no conviction has been recorded in the latter .

The terms of reference for Sir Douglas Black 's investigation were to examine the evidence concerning the alleged cluster of cancer cases in the village of Seascale , to consider the need for further research and to make recommendations .
the terms of reference for sir douglas black 's investigation were to examine the evidence concerning the [supposed] cluster of cancer cases in the village of seascale , to consider the need for further research and to make recommendations .

And in the Republic , it is being alleged that imports of building materials from Northern Ireland are threatening hundreds of jobs in the southern border counties .
and in the republic , it is being [supposed] that imports of building materials from northern ireland are threatening hundreds of jobs in the southern border counties .

The case against Therese Dunne ( 42 ) , a buyer with Dunnes Stores , was halted for the second time in three months yesterday because of the alleged interference .
the case against therese dunne ( 42 ) , a buyer with dunnes stores , was halted for the second time in three months yesterday because of the [supposed] interference .

And in the Republic , it is being alleged that imports of building materials from Northern Ireland are threatening hundreds of jobs in the southern border counties .
and in the republic , it is being [supposed] that imports of building materials from northern ireland are threatening hundreds of jobs in the southern border counties .

The alleged offence is connected with the blaze at the Littlewoods department store in Chesterfield , Derbyshire , on May 7 , in which the couple died and 38 people needed hospital treatment .
the [supposed] offence is connected with the blaze at the littlewoods department store in chesterfield , derbyshire , on may 7 , in which the couple died and 38 people needed hospital treatment .

Of the four accused , Mr Langdale alleged that Patrick Doherty ( 35 ) , of Brockley , and George McMahon ( 46 ) , of New Cross , both of south London , were involved in drugs and the contract killings .
of the four accused , mr langdale [supposed] that patrick doherty ( 35 ) , of brockley , and george mcmahon ( 46 ) , of new cross , both of south london , were involved in drugs and the contract killings .

And the man behind the shock ‘ Do n't back Ulster Tories ’ was alleged to be Sir Patrick Mayhew .
and the man behind the shock ‘ do n't back ulster tories ’ was [supposed] to be sir patrick mayhew .

Sir Hal alleged that Sir Patrick urged him not to produce documents which could have cleared businessmen accused of illegally exporting weapons .
sir hal [supposed] that sir patrick urged him not to produce documents which could have cleared businessmen accused of illegally exporting weapons .

The fertiliser in ten plastic bags was alleged to have been found in a bedroom of the couple 's house in Fallswater Street .
the fertiliser in ten plastic bags was [supposed] to have been found in a bedroom of the couple 's house in fallswater street .

Unemployed Mark Tate from Tavanagh Street was alleged to have used a hammer in the attempted robbery .
unemployed mark tate from tavanagh street was [supposed] to have used a hammer in the attempted robbery .

McIntyre landed in hot water for an alleged V-sign to the fans after last week 's disappointing home draw with Athlone Town .
mcintyre landed in hot water for an [supposed] v-sign to the fans after last week 's disappointing home draw with athlone town .

Plans to turn it into a members ' club had begun long before 1985 as the Crown alleged , said Mr Cinnamond .
plans to turn it into a members ' club had begun long before 1985 as the crown [supposed] , said mr cinnamond .

Details about the alleged incident were given by a prosecuting lawyer at Belfast Crown Court in the trial of three Londonderry men .
details about the [supposed] incident were given by a prosecuting lawyer at belfast crown court in the trial of three londonderry men .

Two accused , he alleged , were seen by witnesses planting the device at Primity Crescent , New Buildings .
two accused , he [supposed] , were seen by witnesses planting the device at primity crescent , new buildings .

In a bid to regain his machine the unemployed roofer climbed to the top of a building , ripped off tiles and threw them into the street , it was alleged .
in a bid to regain his machine the unemployed roofer climbed to the top of a building , ripped off tiles and threw them into the street , it was [supposed] .

This association , both through cause and effectiveness , with tectonically active regions may be significant in view of their alleged association with turbidity currents and chaotic deposits .
this association , both through cause and effectiveness , with tectonically active regions may be significant in view of their [supposed] association with turbidity currents and chaotic deposits .

From palaeomagnetic evidence , it is alleged that the African and European continents moved vast distances during the Devonian and only began to approach each other during Carboniferous times .
from palaeomagnetic evidence , it is [supposed] that the african and european continents moved vast distances during the devonian and only began to approach each other during carboniferous times .

Unless it was true , as he 'd alleged , that the women had robbed him before tossing him in the stinking water .
unless it was true , as he 'd [supposed] , that the women had robbed him before tossing him in the stinking water .

The Treasury sought to justify itself , arguing that some of the alleged cuts in capital spending are more apparent than real .
the treasury sought to justify itself , arguing that some of the [supposed] cuts in capital spending are more apparent than real .

Two of the major criticisms of a high tax burden relate to its ( alleged ) erosion of economic incentives and its encouragement of tax avoidance and evasion .
two of the major criticisms of a high tax burden relate to its ( [supposed] ) erosion of economic incentives and its encouragement of tax avoidance and evasion .

that the plaintiff 's illness was caused not by the alleged defects in the product but entirely by his own decision to sniff the glue .
that the plaintiff 's illness was caused not by the [supposed] defects in the product but entirely by his own decision to sniff the glue .

Establishment of an Independent Review Body containing both lay and lawyer members — this popular recommendation is long overdue and should lead to a more independent and searching investigation of alleged miscarriages of justice .
establishment of an independent review body containing both lay and lawyer members — this popular recommendation is long overdue and should lead to a more independent and searching investigation of [supposed] miscarriages of justice .

‘ Alleged avoidance ?
‘ [supposed] avoidance ?

And it is believed to have compiled a file on James Gilbey , the Princess 's friend alleged to be the male voice on the ‘ Dianagate ’ tapes .
and it is believed to have compiled a file on james gilbey , the princess 's friend [supposed] to be the male voice on the ‘ dianagate ’ tapes .

Paul Hickson was arrested on Thursday and quizzed about alleged offences in a previous job at Swansea University .
paul hickson was arrested on thursday and quizzed about [supposed] offences in a previous job at swansea university .

Captain Edward Aloysius Murphy is alleged to have said in 1949 that if a way exists to do a job wrongly , one day someone will do it that way .
captain edward aloysius murphy is [supposed] to have said in 1949 that if a way exists to do a job wrongly , one day someone will do it that way .

In 1911 , for example , the Tehran Protocol was concluded following a Persian appeal to the mediating powers , Britain and Russia , over Turkey 's alleged violation of the 1847 Erzerum Treaty .
in 1911 , for example , the tehran protocol was concluded following a persian appeal to the mediating powers , britain and russia , over turkey 's [supposed] violation of the 1847 erzerum treaty .

Presented is a veritable battleground of academic crossfire surrounding the alleged misogyny of Degas , by contributors Deborah Bershad , Anthea Callen , Hollis Clayson , Heather Dawkins , John House , Richard Kendall , Linda Nochlin , Griselda Pollock and Richard Thomson .
presented is a veritable battleground of academic crossfire surrounding the [supposed] misogyny of degas , by contributors deborah bershad , anthea callen , hollis clayson , heather dawkins , john house , richard kendall , linda nochlin , griselda pollock and richard thomson .

London 's hatters complained in 1777 that masters stopped `` hundreds of pounds `` for alleged faults , `` when trade has been slack `` .
london 's hatters complained in 1777 that masters stopped `` hundreds of pounds `` for [supposed] faults , `` when trade has been slack `` .

In hosiery manufacture , abatements for alleged negligent or fraudulent work were similarly a frequent cause of friction .
in hosiery manufacture , abatements for [supposed] negligent or fraudulent work were similarly a frequent cause of friction .

It is alleged that London-Brussels is the most expensive journey per mile in the world .
it is [supposed] that london-brussels is the most expensive journey per mile in the world .

The European Council has endorsed the demands which we , France and the United States have made to the Libyan Government requiring them to abandon their support of terrorism and to hand over the alleged perpetrators of the Lockerbie bombing .
the european council has endorsed the demands which we , france and the united states have made to the libyan government requiring them to abandon their support of terrorism and to hand over the [supposed] perpetrators of the lockerbie bombing .

As for the second alleged opt-out , the right hon. Gentleman confuses the distinction between the social dimension of the Community , to which Britain is fully committed — it has implemented all 19 of the directives thus passed — and the so-called social chapter , which deals with employment and labour laws where they are best determined in this country and in this House , and not imposed from outside .
as for the second [supposed] opt-out , the right hon. gentleman confuses the distinction between the social dimension of the community , to which britain is fully committed — it has implemented all 19 of the directives thus passed — and the so-called social chapter , which deals with employment and labour laws where they are best determined in this country and in this house , and not imposed from outside .

It is alleged that the street children of Guatemala City are being killed by police officers and others .
it is [supposed] that the street children of guatemala city are being killed by police officers and others .

They rushed into a series of Bills which , it was alleged , would open monopolies to competition , but in many cases they simply changed a state monopoly to a private monopoly .
they rushed into a series of bills which , it was [supposed] , would open monopolies to competition , but in many cases they simply changed a state monopoly to a private monopoly .

The police draw up a list of five or six people who , it is alleged , were seen in the vicinity and upon whom suspicion falls .
the police draw up a list of five or six people who , it is [supposed] , were seen in the vicinity and upon whom suspicion falls .

If safety standards are threatened by the alleged or actual act of victimisation , offshore safety division inspectors have the powers , under the Health and Safety at Work etc .
if safety standards are threatened by the [supposed] or actual act of victimisation , offshore safety division inspectors have the powers , under the health and safety at work etc .

The Metropolitan police are conducting a major investigation into alleged war crimes .
the metropolitan police are conducting a major investigation into [supposed] war crimes .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland if he will make a statement on the discussions which the Lord Advocate has had with representatives of the German Government and the Bundeskriminalamt about the alleged use by Libyans or the Libyan People 's Bureau of premises in East Berlin in relation to his inquiry into the Lockerbie bombing .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland if he will make a statement on the discussions which the lord advocate has had with representatives of the german government and the bundeskriminalamt about the [supposed] use by libyans or the libyan people 's bureau of premises in east berlin in relation to his inquiry into the lockerbie bombing .

The alleged mortgage rescue scheme proposed by the Labour party is a farce and has been denounced as such and the right hon .
the [supposed] mortgage rescue scheme proposed by the labour party is a farce and has been denounced as such and the right hon .

The alleged mortgage rescue scheme about which the hon. Gentleman boasts was described this morning by an independent commentator as ’ a policy made in an Enid Blyton story book ’ —
the [supposed] mortgage rescue scheme about which the hon. gentleman boasts was described this morning by an independent commentator as ’ a policy made in an enid blyton story book ’ —

Before the Secretary of State rattles on yet again about European figures , our minimum wage policy and our alleged doom and gloom , and as he has proved himself completely unable to say anything constructive , will he today at least ask the Prime Minister to chuck it in now , call an election and let us get on with the job ?
before the secretary of state rattles on yet again about european figures , our minimum wage policy and our [supposed] doom and gloom , and as he has proved himself completely unable to say anything constructive , will he today at least ask the prime minister to chuck it in now , call an election and let us get on with the job ?

Will the Lord President urge the security services to concentrate their search for the alleged theft of information from hon. Members on the organisations that regularly spy on hon. Members , including the organisation that last week published a ludicrous volume full of slanders and innuendos about hon. Members ? Will the right hon. Gentleman stop the self-defeating , ludicrous , sleazy , muck-raking by the Conservative party 's thought police ?
will the lord president urge the security services to concentrate their search for the [supposed] theft of information from hon. members on the organisations that regularly spy on hon. members , including the organisation that last week published a ludicrous volume full of slanders and innuendos about hon. members ? will the right hon. gentleman stop the self-defeating , ludicrous , sleazy , muck-raking by the conservative party 's thought police ?

She alleged that the preparations for that contract took place in an atmosphere of secrecy .
she [supposed] that the preparations for that contract took place in an atmosphere of secrecy .

Then there is the alleged deterioration in local authority services ; again , the facts are different .
then there is the [supposed] deterioration in local authority services ; again , the facts are different .

If it is true , as alleged by Labour Members , that the 1908 Act is so essential for safety today , why did not the previous Labour Government enforce it ?
if it is true , as [supposed] by labour members , that the 1908 act is so essential for safety today , why did not the previous labour government enforce it ?

Will the Leader of the House arrange for a statement early next week by the Home Secretary ? Is he aware of the serious allegations made in the television programme ’ Thames Reports ’ last week about the alleged involvement of the police in the break-out of terrorists from Brixton prison last July ? Are not those very serious allegations ? Is it not also serious that it is implied that the Home Office knew about that involvement at the time ? Is not the House of Commons , indeed the country as a whole , entitled to hear from the Home Secretary in person exactly whether those allegations have any foundation ? Will the Leader of the House arrange for an early oral statement on that important matter ?
will the leader of the house arrange for a statement early next week by the home secretary ? is he aware of the serious allegations made in the television programme ’ thames reports ’ last week about the [supposed] involvement of the police in the break-out of terrorists from brixton prison last july ? are not those very serious allegations ? is it not also serious that it is implied that the home office knew about that involvement at the time ? is not the house of commons , indeed the country as a whole , entitled to hear from the home secretary in person exactly whether those allegations have any foundation ? will the leader of the house arrange for an early oral statement on that important matter ?

One was about the alleged involvement of the special branch .
one was about the [supposed] involvement of the special branch .

Community law itself clearly claims to override the constitutional arrangements of a Member State : ‘ The validity of a Community measure or its effect within a Member State remains unimpaired even if it is alleged that it runs counter to either fundamental rights as formulated by the Constitution of that State or the principles of a national constitutional structure ’ ( Internationale Handelsgesellschaft v. Einfuhr und Vorratsstelle Getreide ) .
community law itself clearly claims to override the constitutional arrangements of a member state : ‘ the validity of a community measure or its effect within a member state remains unimpaired even if it is [supposed] that it runs counter to either fundamental rights as formulated by the constitution of that state or the principles of a national constitutional structure ’ ( internationale handelsgesellschaft v. einfuhr und vorratsstelle getreide ) .

There he positioned himself , trying to glimpse Dame Elizabeth 's chamber from where she had alleged she had seen the horsemen waiting in the trees .
there he positioned himself , trying to glimpse dame elizabeth 's chamber from where she had [supposed] she had seen the horsemen waiting in the trees .

Walter Tyrrell was the man alleged to have slain King William Rufus with an arrow ’ either deliberately or accidentally , in the New Forest on the second of August in the year 1100 .
walter tyrrell was the man [supposed] to have slain king william rufus with an arrow ’ either deliberately or accidentally , in the new forest on the second of august in the year 1100 .

What is being alleged here is that NBFIs create assets which are in some close measure substitutes for money and which have their own advantages , interest perhaps or long-term capital gain , which money does not have .
what is being [supposed] here is that nbfis create assets which are in some close measure substitutes for money and which have their own advantages , interest perhaps or long-term capital gain , which money does not have .

At their disposal were a ludicrously inadequate army and an administrative machine so primitive that one observer in the early eighteenth century alleged that the tiny Italian city-state of Lucca possessed a larger civil service than they .
at their disposal were a ludicrously inadequate army and an administrative machine so primitive that one observer in the early eighteenth century [supposed] that the tiny italian city-state of lucca possessed a larger civil service than they .

The English , alleged the Duc de Choiseul , ‘ while pretending to protect the balance on land which no one threatens … are entirely destroying the balance at sea which no one defends ’ .
the english , [supposed] the duc de choiseul , ‘ while pretending to protect the balance on land which no one threatens … are entirely destroying the balance at sea which no one defends ’ .

Its practicability was also sometimes alleged to be proved by the existence of the Holy Roman Empire or the Swiss cantons , both of which could be considered as types of loose federation .
its practicability was also sometimes [supposed] to be proved by the existence of the holy roman empire or the swiss cantons , both of which could be considered as types of loose federation .

In assumpsit in the Common Bench , it was alleged that Brathwait , having killed a man , asked the plaintiff to use his endeavours to obtain him a pardon , wherefore the plaintiff did go to Royston to the King to get the pardon and , in consideration of this service , the defendant promised the plaintiff £100 .
in assumpsit in the common bench , it was [supposed] that brathwait , having killed a man , asked the plaintiff to use his endeavours to obtain him a pardon , wherefore the plaintiff did go to royston to the king to get the pardon and , in consideration of this service , the defendant promised the plaintiff £100 .

Nicols , Winch and Hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .
nicols , winch and hobart held that the action was well laid because it was [supposed] that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .

By his fourth plea , the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff never had any cause of action against the defendant in respect of the £2,000 , the subject of the Exchequer proceedings , which the plaintiff , at the commencement of that action and thence until and at the time of the making of the alleged promise , well knew .
by his fourth plea , the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff never had any cause of action against the defendant in respect of the £2,000 , the subject of the exchequer proceedings , which the plaintiff , at the commencement of that action and thence until and at the time of the making of the [supposed] promise , well knew .

Fourth plea , that the plaintiff 's marriage with Ellen Nicholl had been arranged before the alleged agreement without any request from the testator and that there was no consideration for the alleged agreement .
fourth plea , that the plaintiff 's marriage with ellen nicholl had been arranged before the [supposed] agreement without any request from the testator and that there was no consideration for the [supposed] agreement .

When one turns to consider cases where a pre-existing duty imposed by law is alleged to be valid consideration for a promise , one finds cases in which public policy has been held to invalidate the consideration .
when one turns to consider cases where a pre-existing duty imposed by law is [supposed] to be valid consideration for a promise , one finds cases in which public policy has been held to invalidate the consideration .

He stopped work and sued for the money he alleged to be owing .
he stopped work and sued for the money he [supposed] to be owing .

By his statement of claim , the plaintiff alleged that on July 6 , 1932 , the defendants by their solicitor , a Mr. Kennard , verbally agreed with him that , if he would on July 7 , 1932 , pay the £208 in cash into a bank at Eastbourne for the credit of the solicitor 's firm at the Law Courts branch of the Bank of England , that payment would satisfy all sums that he owed them and a bankruptcy notice which they had issued in respect of part of the debt would not be served on him .
by his statement of claim , the plaintiff [supposed] that on july 6 , 1932 , the defendants by their solicitor , a mr. kennard , verbally agreed with him that , if he would on july 7 , 1932 , pay the £208 in cash into a bank at eastbourne for the credit of the solicitor 's firm at the law courts branch of the bank of england , that payment would satisfy all sums that he owed them and a bankruptcy notice which they had issued in respect of part of the debt would not be served on him .

He alleged that , the same day , he advised the solicitors of the payment and , on July 8 , the defendants ' clerk ; but that , in breach of the agreement , the bankruptcy notice was served on him .
he [supposed] that , the same day , he advised the solicitors of the payment and , on july 8 , the defendants ' clerk ; but that , in breach of the agreement , the bankruptcy notice was served on him .

The retinue of Count Hugh of Tours , for instance , sang rude songs to mock his alleged cowardice : `` He dare n't come out of his own doorway ! ``
the retinue of count hugh of tours , for instance , sang rude songs to mock his [supposed] cowardice : `` he dare n't come out of his own doorway ! ``

The family connections that some historians have reconstructed , and alleged to explain the rise of both men , are curiously neglected by contemporary sources .
the family connections that some historians have reconstructed , and [supposed] to explain the rise of both men , are curiously neglected by contemporary sources .

There was no need to convince the Spanish regime of the alleged danger of communist take-over : the Spanish Nationalists had fought a war on precisely that platform between 1936 and 1939 .
there was no need to convince the spanish regime of the [supposed] danger of communist take-over : the spanish nationalists had fought a war on precisely that platform between 1936 and 1939 .

The liberal ideas of this group , and the fact that several of its members were known or alleged to belong to the secretive Catholic brotherhood , Opus Dei , made them anathema to the `` old shirt `` Falangists and the Catholic integrists .
the liberal ideas of this group , and the fact that several of its members were known or [supposed] to belong to the secretive catholic brotherhood , opus dei , made them anathema to the `` old shirt `` falangists and the catholic integrists .

It is thus a defence to show that the reason for the alleged act of discrimination was not the plaintiff 's disability but rather an inability to perform the work in question .
it is thus a defence to show that the reason for the [supposed] act of discrimination was not the plaintiff 's disability but rather an inability to perform the work in question .

Since the Commissioner 's remit has been extended to cover breaches of trade union rules , 10 applications have been received for assistance where applicants have alleged rule breaches concerning the constitution or proceedings of any trade union committee , conference or other body .
since the commissioner 's remit has been extended to cover breaches of trade union rules , 10 applications have been received for assistance where applicants have [supposed] rule breaches concerning the constitution or proceedings of any trade union committee , conference or other body .

There is no legal aid for unfair dismissal cases against employers , and yet the number of such applications is far greater , and the consequences much more serious , than complaints of alleged unlawful behaviour by trade unions .
there is no legal aid for unfair dismissal cases against employers , and yet the number of such applications is far greater , and the consequences much more serious , than complaints of [supposed] unlawful behaviour by trade unions .

Significantly , some of the other alleged benefits were flatly contradicted by the employer ; others were found to exist but could not be confirmed in precise financial terms .
significantly , some of the other [supposed] benefits were flatly contradicted by the employer ; others were found to exist but could not be confirmed in precise financial terms .

Stories , much enhanced in the retelling , circulated about dirty , lice-ridden children who were ignorant of the basic rules of civilisation : the entire stock of clothing of a girl evacuee from Liverpool might consist of a light cotton dress and a pair of plimsolls ; evacuees did not know how to use a knife and fork properly ; they displayed an alarming ignorance of the joys of country life , being surprised that apples grew on trees and not in boxes ; and , worst of all , their lack of toilet training extended way beyond mere bed-wetting ( which , it was alleged , took place frequently ) to unimaginable depths of depravity .
stories , much enhanced in the retelling , circulated about dirty , lice-ridden children who were ignorant of the basic rules of civilisation : the entire stock of clothing of a girl evacuee from liverpool might consist of a light cotton dress and a pair of plimsolls ; evacuees did not know how to use a knife and fork properly ; they displayed an alarming ignorance of the joys of country life , being surprised that apples grew on trees and not in boxes ; and , worst of all , their lack of toilet training extended way beyond mere bed-wetting ( which , it was [supposed] , took place frequently ) to unimaginable depths of depravity .

But the problems of transport , billeting and the drift-back paled into insignificance compared with the outcry over the alleged medical condition and anti-social behaviour of the evacuees .
but the problems of transport , billeting and the drift-back paled into insignificance compared with the outcry over the [supposed] medical condition and anti-social behaviour of the evacuees .

Innocent 's chances of intervention rested on his insistence on confirmation of the elected candidate , on the right of appeal to him if misconduct of the election was alleged and on election in his own papal court if both parties brought the case before him .
innocent 's chances of intervention rested on his insistence on confirmation of the elected candidate , on the right of appeal to him if misconduct of the election was [supposed] and on election in his own papal court if both parties brought the case before him .

Another issue highlighted in the report was the alleged importation of toxic maize as part of a drought relief effort .
another issue highlighted in the report was the [supposed] importation of toxic maize as part of a drought relief effort .

Local stock markets , however , reacted cautiously to the news , since each individual bank had still to approve what was a complex package , as had the Senate , then currently embroiled in congressional moves to impeach President Fernando Collor de Mello on charges of alleged corruption [ see pp .
local stock markets , however , reacted cautiously to the news , since each individual bank had still to approve what was a complex package , as had the senate , then currently embroiled in congressional moves to impeach president fernando collor de mello on charges of [supposed] corruption [ see pp .

The decision came at a meeting of the new 14-member Consultative Group on Indonesia in Paris on July 16-17 , chaired by the World Bank , set up after Indonesia dissolved a Netherlands-led aid forum in March in protest at alleged Netherlands interference in its internal affairs [ see p. 38868 ] .
the decision came at a meeting of the new 14-member consultative group on indonesia in paris on july 16-17 , chaired by the world bank , set up after indonesia dissolved a netherlands-led aid forum in march in protest at [supposed] netherlands interference in its internal affairs [ see p. 38868 ] .

By mid-July between 1,500 and 2,000 alleged criminals had been arrested in the army operation in rural Sind , and a further 1,600 in Karachi .
by mid-july between 1,500 and 2,000 [supposed] criminals had been arrested in the army operation in rural sind , and a further 1,600 in karachi .

Issue of alleged collaborators
issue of [supposed] collaborators

On July 14 the Ukrainian Orthodox Church called on the authorities to guarantee human rights following alleged kidnapping and beating of priests and believers by supporters of the newly founded Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church .
on july 14 the ukrainian orthodox church called on the authorities to guarantee human rights following [supposed] kidnapping and beating of priests and believers by supporters of the newly founded ukrainian autocephalous orthodox church .

Critics of the government alleged , however , that the measure aimed merely to contain political opposition in the event of the current round of Middle East peace talks leading to a compromise unacceptable to Palestinian and Jordanian nationalists .
critics of the government [supposed] , however , that the measure aimed merely to contain political opposition in the event of the current round of middle east peace talks leading to a compromise unacceptable to palestinian and jordanian nationalists .

The semi-official Al-Ahram newspaper on Aug. 1 reported 300 recent arrests in the Qenah region of Upper Egypt and the arrest of 20 alleged supporters of Islamic groups in Alexandria on July 31 , including `` three leading officials `` of the Sudanese National Islamic Front and of the Islamic Movement in Jordan .
the semi-official al-ahram newspaper on aug. 1 reported 300 recent arrests in the qenah region of upper egypt and the arrest of 20 [supposed] supporters of islamic groups in alexandria on july 31 , including `` three leading officials `` of the sudanese national islamic front and of the islamic movement in jordan .

Mkolongolo alleged in a press statement that the United States ambassador , Smith Hempstone , had been recalled as a result of `` misleading information `` given him by Muite [ see also p. 38136 ] .
mkolongolo [supposed] in a press statement that the united states ambassador , smith hempstone , had been recalled as a result of `` misleading information `` given him by muite [ see also p. 38136 ] .

The nine-page affidavit , filed by State Attorney David Bludworth in conjunction with the charges , documented the bruises found on the body of the alleged victim , and also stated that she had passed two polygraph tests on her statements to the police .
the nine-page affidavit , filed by state attorney david bludworth in conjunction with the charges , documented the bruises found on the body of the [supposed] victim , and also stated that she had passed two polygraph tests on her statements to the police .

It also alleged that the great majority of those arrested in 1989 after the military crackdown on the pro-democracy movement were still unaccounted for .
it also [supposed] that the great majority of those arrested in 1989 after the military crackdown on the pro-democracy movement were still unaccounted for .

According to unofficial Armenian reports at least 17 Armenian villagers were killed and over a hundred wounded , and the Armenian authorities alleged that the troops were refusing to allow the wounded to be evacuated for medical treatment .
according to unofficial armenian reports at least 17 armenian villagers were killed and over a hundred wounded , and the armenian authorities [supposed] that the troops were refusing to allow the wounded to be evacuated for medical treatment .

There was also the sensitive question of returning land to ethnic Germans and Hungarians , whose land had been expropriated immediately after the Second World War as punishment for their alleged collaboration with the Nazi occupiers .
there was also the sensitive question of returning land to ethnic germans and hungarians , whose land had been expropriated immediately after the second world war as punishment for their [supposed] collaboration with the nazi occupiers .

Amnesty said that it had evidence of children being detained , either on suspicion of illegal political activities , or with their fathers , some of whom were serving heavy sentences for their alleged involvement in the attempted coup of 1981 [ see pp. 31353-54 ; 31563 ] .
amnesty said that it had evidence of children being detained , either on suspicion of illegal political activities , or with their fathers , some of whom were serving heavy sentences for their [supposed] involvement in the attempted coup of 1981 [ see pp. 31353-54 ; 31563 ] .

Escalating tension in universities and secondary schools from late April had resulted in a number of deaths among students and the arrest of several hundred alleged Nahda activists .
escalating tension in universities and secondary schools from late april had resulted in a number of deaths among students and the arrest of several hundred [supposed] nahda activists .

, Arkansas ) , were alleged by Gingrich to have been motivated by the desire for revenge over Gingrich 's leading role in forcing the 1989 resignation of House Speaker Jim Wright [ see p. 37406 ] .
, arkansas ) , were [supposed] by gingrich to have been motivated by the desire for revenge over gingrich 's leading role in forcing the 1989 resignation of house speaker jim wright [ see p. 37406 ] .

Morgan , who alleged that her ex-husband Eric Foretich had sexually abused the child — an allegation not sustained by any court — had been imprisoned in 1987 for contempt of court after refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter [ see also p. 37407 ] .
morgan , who [supposed] that her ex-husband eric foretich had sexually abused the child — an allegation not sustained by any court — had been imprisoned in 1987 for contempt of court after refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter [ see also p. 37407 ] .

In November the Commission approved a report by its special rapporteur on torture , Peter Koojimaans , which alleged that increasing numbers of children were being subjected to cruel and degrading treatment .
in november the commission approved a report by its special rapporteur on torture , peter koojimaans , which [supposed] that increasing numbers of children were being subjected to cruel and degrading treatment .

Cabinet reshuffle — Alleged massacre
cabinet reshuffle — [supposed] massacre

Having attempted to define the campaign 's agenda on the basis of `` family values `` , Bush was also severely embarrassed by a front page story carried in the New York Post on Aug. 11 which alleged that he had had an extra-marital affair with Jennifer Fitzgerald , a former personal assistant and a current protocol officer in the State Department .
having attempted to define the campaign 's agenda on the basis of `` family values `` , bush was also severely embarrassed by a front page story carried in the new york post on aug. 11 which [supposed] that he had had an extra-marital affair with jennifer fitzgerald , a former personal assistant and a current protocol officer in the state department .

Democrats in both houses of Congress responded to Barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the Bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the Iraqgate allegations , and members of the House banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to Barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .
democrats in both houses of congress responded to barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the bush administration 's [supposed] obstruction of all efforts to investigate the iraqgate allegations , and members of the house banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .

In addition to making large payments to the Inagawa-kai crime syndicate , Hiroyasu Watanabe , former president of the Tokyo Sagawa Kyubin trucking company , who was due to stand trial later in the year , was alleged to have paid some 70,000 million yen or more to around 130 members of the Diet .
in addition to making large payments to the inagawa-kai crime syndicate , hiroyasu watanabe , former president of the tokyo sagawa kyubin trucking company , who was due to stand trial later in the year , was [supposed] to have paid some 70,000 million yen or more to around 130 members of the diet .

The Philippines chief of police , Cesar Nazareno , head of a 100,000-strong force , resigned on Aug. 16 in a widening scandal over the alleged involvement of senior officers in illegal gambling , kidnapping and other crimes .
the philippines chief of police , cesar nazareno , head of a 100,000-strong force , resigned on aug. 16 in a widening scandal over the [supposed] involvement of senior officers in illegal gambling , kidnapping and other crimes .

Pravda 's financial difficulties had led to a brief suspension in March [ see pp. 38825 ; 38874 ] , but its pro-communist line had changed little since its reappearance following a ban in August 1991 for alleged support for the attempted coup [ see pp. 38418 ] .
pravda 's financial difficulties had led to a brief suspension in march [ see pp. 38825 ; 38874 ] , but its pro-communist line had changed little since its reappearance following a ban in august 1991 for [supposed] support for the attempted coup [ see pp. 38418 ] .

On Aug. 24 , the prosecution granted Zhivkov 's request for more time , giving him until Sept. 11 to prepare his defence in connection with charges of alleged racial discrimination and incitement to racial hatred against Bulgaria 's ethnic Turks .
on aug. 24 , the prosecution granted zhivkov 's request for more time , giving him until sept. 11 to prepare his defence in connection with charges of [supposed] racial discrimination and incitement to racial hatred against bulgaria 's ethnic turks .

Konstantin Trenchev , chairman of the leading Podkrepa Trade Union Federation , was arrested on Aug. 7 and charged with incitement to destroy public property together with 37 others alleged to have participated in an attack on the Sofia headquarters of the Bulgarian Communist Party on Aug. 26 , 1990 [ see p. 37666 ] .
konstantin trenchev , chairman of the leading podkrepa trade union federation , was arrested on aug. 7 and charged with incitement to destroy public property together with 37 others [supposed] to have participated in an attack on the sofia headquarters of the bulgarian communist party on aug. 26 , 1990 [ see p. 37666 ] .

Returning on Aug. 17 from a visit to the United States , Trenchev alleged that a press campaign was being waged against him .
returning on aug. 17 from a visit to the united states , trenchev [supposed] that a press campaign was being waged against him .

It was alleged that Gaudin had corruptly employed an opposition supporter during the campaign to investigate Tapie 's political and personal life .
it was [supposed] that gaudin had corruptly employed an opposition supporter during the campaign to investigate tapie 's political and personal life .

Tapie had resigned in May as Minister for Towns amid an alleged business scandal [ see p. 38928 ] .
tapie had resigned in may as minister for towns amid an [supposed] business scandal [ see p. 38928 ] .

On Aug. 12 it was reported that a lawsuit had been filed against Henri Emmanuelli , President of the National Assembly ( lower house of Parliament ) , for alleged misuse of public funds [ see p. 39023 for Le Monde report ] .
on aug. 12 it was reported that a lawsuit had been filed against henri emmanuelli , president of the national assembly ( lower house of parliament ) , for [supposed] misuse of public funds [ see p. 39023 for le monde report ] .

Orsini , known as `` the shepherd `` , had `` retired `` to his home village of Moncale , near Calvi , in May 1992 , following his release from prison for lack of evidence relating to an alleged cocaine-smuggling racket .
orsini , known as `` the shepherd `` , had `` retired `` to his home village of moncale , near calvi , in may 1992 , following his release from prison for lack of evidence relating to an [supposed] cocaine-smuggling racket .

He was charged in connection with alleged involvement in organizing a `` terrorist `` network of Islamic activists .
he was charged in connection with [supposed] involvement in organizing a `` terrorist `` network of islamic activists .

His party alleged intimidation at polling stations by Hezbollah , which won eight seats in the district of Baalbek on Aug. 23 .
his party [supposed] intimidation at polling stations by hezbollah , which won eight seats in the district of baalbek on aug. 23 .

They alleged that judicial procedures did not conform to international norms and that the confessions which had proved crucial in the convictions had been extracted through the use of torture .
they [supposed] that judicial procedures did not conform to international norms and that the confessions which had proved crucial in the convictions had been extracted through the use of torture .

In another military court in the same barracks in Tunis 108 people had also been on trial , since July , in connection with their alleged membership of another Islamic group , the Commandos of Sacrifice .
in another military court in the same barracks in tunis 108 people had also been on trial , since july , in connection with their [supposed] membership of another islamic group , the commandos of sacrifice .

Alleged coup plot
[supposed] coup plot

The longstanding rumours of Clinton 's alleged marital infidelity crystallized in the form of an accusation by Larry Nichols , a former Arkansas employee who was dismissed in 1988 for allegedly using state telephones to make long-distance calls .
the longstanding rumours of clinton 's [supposed] marital infidelity crystallized in the form of an accusation by larry nichols , a former arkansas employee who was dismissed in 1988 for allegedly using state telephones to make long-distance calls .

Death sentences were passed on Jan. 11 on three alleged `` counter-revolutionaries `` convicted of terrorism , sabotage and enemy propaganda .
death sentences were passed on jan. 11 on three [supposed] `` counter-revolutionaries `` convicted of terrorism , sabotage and enemy propaganda .

This was the third time in six months that the federal government had intervened in state politics to redress alleged fraud .
this was the third time in six months that the federal government had intervened in state politics to redress [supposed] fraud .

Three United States citizens and a member of the Peruvian National Police involved in Peru 's anti-drug programme died near the village of Madre Mía in the Alto Huallaga valley on Jan. 12 , when their US-donated helicopter was shot down by alleged terrorists .
three united states citizens and a member of the peruvian national police involved in peru 's anti-drug programme died near the village of madre mía in the alto huallaga valley on jan. 12 , when their us-donated helicopter was shot down by [supposed] terrorists .

The process of reconciliation between the two Koreas , and particularly the North 's apparent abandonment of its alleged plans to develop nuclear weapons , opened the way for tentative contacts between North Korea and the United States .
the process of reconciliation between the two koreas , and particularly the north 's apparent abandonment of its [supposed] plans to develop nuclear weapons , opened the way for tentative contacts between north korea and the united states .

Alleged coup attempt
[supposed] coup attempt

Conviction of head of alleged Mafia " family "
conviction of head of [supposed] mafia " family "

The alleged head of the Patriarca `` family `` — reputed to be a component of the Mafia — was found guilty on Aug. 8 on racketeering charges which carried a maximum sentence ranging from 40 to 80 years .
the [supposed] head of the patriarca `` family `` — reputed to be a component of the mafia — was found guilty on aug. 8 on racketeering charges which carried a maximum sentence ranging from 40 to 80 years .

Legal experts predicted that the case could serve as a precedent in land claim cases where tribes alleged that treaties had been signed on their behalf by representatives of other language groups .
legal experts predicted that the case could serve as a precedent in land claim cases where tribes [supposed] that treaties had been signed on their behalf by representatives of other language groups .

( Press reports also alleged that over 300 people , including some with outstanding charges against them , had visited Escobar in his private prison in Envigado , outside Medellín . )
( press reports also [supposed] that over 300 people , including some with outstanding charges against them , had visited escobar in his private prison in envigado , outside medellín . )

The lower house of the National Congress , the Chamber of Deputies , voted by 88 to 76 on Aug. 16 to withdraw the constitutional immunity from prosecution of former President Alan García Pérez , who held office in 1985-1990 and was a senator for life , so that he could face trial for the `` alleged charges of embezzlement , extortion , fraud and the breach of public faith `` .
the lower house of the national congress , the chamber of deputies , voted by 88 to 76 on aug. 16 to withdraw the constitutional immunity from prosecution of former president alan garcía pérez , who held office in 1985-1990 and was a senator for life , so that he could face trial for the `` [supposed] charges of embezzlement , extortion , fraud and the breach of public faith `` .

Alleged anti-government demonstrations in Battambang
[supposed] anti-government demonstrations in battambang

The report expressed particular concern about what it called `` an accelerating pattern of short-term detention , torture and ill-treatment of alleged political opponents `` .
the report expressed particular concern about what it called `` an accelerating pattern of short-term detention , torture and ill-treatment of [supposed] political opponents `` .

The convictions followed a four-month trial at which it was alleged that Sir Terence had taken bribes whilst in office in return for protecting illegal activities such as prostitution and gambling .
the convictions followed a four-month trial at which it was [supposed] that sir terence had taken bribes whilst in office in return for protecting illegal activities such as prostitution and gambling .

The officials were alleged to have poured what the prosecutor described as `` unimaginable `` amounts of government money into a private business enterprise called Art-B .
the officials were [supposed] to have poured what the prosecutor described as `` unimaginable `` amounts of government money into a private business enterprise called art-b .

Zemek was alleged to have used funds held by Polish companies abroad to buy back some of Poland 's commercial debt on the secondary market where it traded at a fraction of face value .
zemek was [supposed] to have used funds held by polish companies abroad to buy back some of poland 's commercial debt on the secondary market where it traded at a fraction of face value .

The action was alleged to have been initiated around Jan. 22 , at about the same time as other Kuwaiti oil wells and storage tanks had been set alight in an apparent attempt to disrupt the allied air campaign .
the action was [supposed] to have been initiated around jan. 22 , at about the same time as other kuwaiti oil wells and storage tanks had been set alight in an apparent attempt to disrupt the allied air campaign .

Alleged coup attempt
[supposed] coup attempt

The traders , who were alleged to have defrauded thousands of investors by manipulating share prices , were arrested after a three-year undercover investigation .
the traders , who were [supposed] to have defrauded thousands of investors by manipulating share prices , were arrested after a three-year undercover investigation .

Those arrested included ( i ) Lt.-Col. Rodolfo Calzado , alleged to have been involved in the August 1987 coup attempt [ see pp. 35709-11 ] , who was arrested on Dec. 31 ; ( ii ) Lt.-Col. Billy Bibit , arrested by military intelligence on Jan. 17 , in connection with the December 1989 coup attempt [ see pp. 37120-21 ] ; and ( iii ) Lt. Vincente Tomas and Lt. Emil Ong , alleged to have planned a series of " destabilizing " actions to coincide with the Gulf crisis .
those arrested included ( i ) lt.-col. rodolfo calzado , [supposed] to have been involved in the august 1987 coup attempt [ see pp. 35709-11 ] , who was arrested on dec. 31 ; ( ii ) lt.-col. billy bibit , arrested by military intelligence on jan. 17 , in connection with the december 1989 coup attempt [ see pp. 37120-21 ] ; and ( iii ) lt. vincente tomas and lt. emil ong , [supposed] to have planned a series of " destabilizing " actions to coincide with the gulf crisis .

Police reports alleged that raids on Ershad 's residence after his arrest on Dec. 12 [ see p. 37907 ] had revealed assets in excess of those which could have been expected from a presidential income , as well as large quantities of unlicensed firearms .
police reports [supposed] that raids on ershad 's residence after his arrest on dec. 12 [ see p. 37907 ] had revealed assets in excess of those which could have been expected from a presidential income , as well as large quantities of unlicensed firearms .

The alleged head of the Gambino Mafia `` family `` , John Gotti , was sentenced to life imprisonment without parole on June 23 , having been convicted on April 2 on murder and racketeering charges [ see p. 38858 ] .
the [supposed] head of the gambino mafia `` family `` , john gotti , was sentenced to life imprisonment without parole on june 23 , having been convicted on april 2 on murder and racketeering charges [ see p. 38858 ] .

The fall of the Olszewski government was complicated by its actions to expose alleged communist collaborators .
the fall of the olszewski government was complicated by its actions to expose [supposed] communist collaborators .

Armenia alleged that Azerbaijan was trying to open a corridor to the Azeri-populated Autonomous Region of Nakhichevan through Armenian territory .
armenia [supposed] that azerbaijan was trying to open a corridor to the azeri-populated autonomous region of nakhichevan through armenian territory .

The trial of four former senior Health Service officials over the alleged use of HIV-infected blood in transfusions opened on June 22 .
the trial of four former senior health service officials over the [supposed] use of hiv-infected blood in transfusions opened on june 22 .

There had been speculation that soldiers alleged to have been involved in the Tchin-Tabaradene massacre of perhaps hundreds of Tuareg dissidents in May 1990 [ see pp .
there had been speculation that soldiers [supposed] to have been involved in the tchin-tabaradene massacre of perhaps hundreds of tuareg dissidents in may 1990 [ see pp .

The charges had been finally brought following the public campaign of Glen Kealey , himself an Ottawa developer , who became the country 's most celebrated protestor and suffered ridicule for standing outside the parliament building in Ottawa for over two years in a crusade against alleged federal government corruption .
the charges had been finally brought following the public campaign of glen kealey , himself an ottawa developer , who became the country 's most celebrated protestor and suffered ridicule for standing outside the parliament building in ottawa for over two years in a crusade against [supposed] federal government corruption .

On Sept. 10 , millions of Kashmir Moslems responded to the call issued by pro-Pakistani groups for an indefinite strike in protest at the alleged forcible entry of security forces on Sept. 9 into the shrine of Hazrat Bal and the molesting of worshippers .
on sept. 10 , millions of kashmir moslems responded to the call issued by pro-pakistani groups for an indefinite strike in protest at the [supposed] forcible entry of security forces on sept. 9 into the shrine of hazrat bal and the molesting of worshippers .

President Vaclav Havel referred to a smear campaign against Vales , whose alleged associations with the former Communist secret police had been raised repeatedly by parliamentary deputies and journalists , although no concrete evidence had been published .
president vaclav havel referred to a smear campaign against vales , whose [supposed] associations with the former communist secret police had been raised repeatedly by parliamentary deputies and journalists , although no concrete evidence had been published .

Report on alleged Bubiyan incursion
report on [supposed] bubiyan incursion

Uncovering of alleged fundamentalist conspiracy
uncovering of [supposed] fundamentalist conspiracy

In February 1991 a reference in the United States State Department 's annual human rights report to an alleged `` pattern of economic and social discrimination against the Moslem minority in western Thrace `` provoked protests from the Greek government .
in february 1991 a reference in the united states state department 's annual human rights report to an [supposed] `` pattern of economic and social discrimination against the moslem minority in western thrace `` provoked protests from the greek government .

Reports also emerged of reprisals against Kurds alleged to have had contacts with foreign nationals .
reports also emerged of reprisals against kurds [supposed] to have had contacts with foreign nationals .

During April Senator Edward Kennedy , one of the Democratic party 's most senior and controversial liberals , became involved in the furore resulting from a case of alleged rape involving his nephew , William Kennedy Smith , a medical student .
during april senator edward kennedy , one of the democratic party 's most senior and controversial liberals , became involved in the furore resulting from a case of [supposed] rape involving his nephew , william kennedy smith , a medical student .

Amid a dearth of reliable information , allegations of a cover-up , and lurid details concerning the alleged events at the house on the night in question , critics cited the episode as further evidence of Edward Kennedy 's lax standards of personal morality , and of the questionable judgment of the 59-year-old Massachusetts senator .
amid a dearth of reliable information , allegations of a cover-up , and lurid details concerning the [supposed] events at the house on the night in question , critics cited the episode as further evidence of edward kennedy 's lax standards of personal morality , and of the questionable judgment of the 59-year-old massachusetts senator .

Saadi was widely believed to be involved in drug trafficking and corruption , and local public opinion had become increasingly incensed over the alleged involvement of members of the governor 's family in the death in September 1990 of a local teenager .
saadi was widely believed to be involved in drug trafficking and corruption , and local public opinion had become increasingly incensed over the [supposed] involvement of members of the governor 's family in the death in september 1990 of a local teenager .

The authorities would also extend the use of deportation for alleged activists ; Israeli radio reported on March 31 that the authorities would henceforth `` expel inciters in places from where murderers , stabbers and others set out `` .
the authorities would also extend the use of deportation for [supposed] activists ; israeli radio reported on march 31 that the authorities would henceforth `` expel inciters in places from where murderers , stabbers and others set out `` .

However , some press reports alleged that the Ethiopian government was demanding weapons and fuel from Israel in return for the departure of 16,000 Ethiopian Jews currently living in squalid camps around the Israeli embassy in Addis Ababa .
however , some press reports [supposed] that the ethiopian government was demanding weapons and fuel from israel in return for the departure of 16,000 ethiopian jews currently living in squalid camps around the israeli embassy in addis ababa .

The court ruled on June 20 that the 1965 Voting Rights Act applied to judicial elections , thereby allowing voters to challenge election methods which were alleged to militate against the election of minorities on to the bench .
the court ruled on june 20 that the 1965 voting rights act applied to judicial elections , thereby allowing voters to challenge election methods which were [supposed] to militate against the election of minorities on to the bench .

However , reports in the Hong Kong and Western media alleged that some students carried out various acts of protest in late May and early June .
however , reports in the hong kong and western media [supposed] that some students carried out various acts of protest in late may and early june .

In the ensuing days there were further raids on campuses throughout the country as the authorities sought to arrest those whom they alleged were fomenting the unrest .
in the ensuing days there were further raids on campuses throughout the country as the authorities sought to arrest those whom they [supposed] were fomenting the unrest .

On June 25 the government transferred proceedings against alleged collaborators to civilian courts .
on june 25 the government transferred proceedings against [supposed] collaborators to civilian courts .

Between 200 and 250 alleged collaborators — mainly Jordanians of Palestinian origin , Iraqis and stateless Arabs — had appeared in court since the trials began on May 19 [ see p. 38212 ] .
between 200 and 250 [supposed] collaborators — mainly jordanians of palestinian origin , iraqis and stateless arabs — had appeared in court since the trials began on may 19 [ see p. 38212 ] .

Adnan Damiri , a student leader who had recently been released from Qeziot prison , contended that the constant killing of alleged collaborators was undermining the intifada .
adnan damiri , a student leader who had recently been released from qeziot prison , contended that the constant killing of [supposed] collaborators was undermining the intifada .

Bhutto , who lost one of the seats she was contesting in the north-western city of Peshawar , alleged on Oct. 25 that there had been `` massive fraud across the country `` .
bhutto , who lost one of the seats she was contesting in the north-western city of peshawar , [supposed] on oct. 25 that there had been `` massive fraud across the country `` .

Arrests of alleged rebel supporters
arrests of [supposed] rebel supporters

Alleged coup attempt
[supposed] coup attempt

Alleged assassination plot
[supposed] assassination plot

The resistance continued to claim that Vietnamese troops and settlers were infiltrating Cambodia ( over 5,000 in the first half of the month alone ) , and in one report alleged Lao involvement .
the resistance continued to claim that vietnamese troops and settlers were infiltrating cambodia ( over 5,000 in the first half of the month alone ) , and in one report [supposed] lao involvement .

In this case the family of an alleged `` collaborator `` were held hostage and he was forced to drive a car carrying explosives into the army checkpoint on the Belfast-Dublin road .
in this case the family of an [supposed] `` collaborator `` were held hostage and he was forced to drive a car carrying explosives into the army checkpoint on the belfast-dublin road .

It alleged that they were planning acts of sabotage to destabilize Egypt , and that the prime purpose of killing Mahgoub had been to undermine Egypt 's internal stability and its role in the current Gulf crisis .
it [supposed] that they were planning acts of sabotage to destabilize egypt , and that the prime purpose of killing mahgoub had been to undermine egypt 's internal stability and its role in the current gulf crisis .

The four major opposition parties reportedly decided to boycott the Nov. 29 elections in protest at alleged unfair election conditions .
the four major opposition parties reportedly decided to boycott the nov. 29 elections in protest at [supposed] unfair election conditions .

Sources in Banjul suggested that he was accused of mishandling the allocation of land for tourism development ; he had been a controversial figure since the end of 1988 when he was alleged to have sold donated drugs to the government .
sources in banjul suggested that he was accused of mishandling the allocation of land for tourism development ; he had been a controversial figure since the end of 1988 when he was [supposed] to have sold donated drugs to the government .

On Jan. 5 , 1990 , Jawara pardoned nine prisoners with heavy sentences , including four imprisoned for high treason for their alleged role in an attempted 1981 coup [ see pp. 31165 ; 32957 ] .
on jan. 5 , 1990 , jawara pardoned nine prisoners with heavy sentences , including four imprisoned for high treason for their [supposed] role in an attempted 1981 coup [ see pp. 31165 ; 32957 ] .

The findings of the board of inquiry into the alleged September 1989 coup plot were released on Nov. 10 , 1989 .
the findings of the board of inquiry into the [supposed] september 1989 coup plot were released on nov. 10 , 1989 .

The former Armed Forces Commander , Lt.-Gen. Arnold Quainoo , had been removed from his post shortly after the September 1989 alleged coup attempt and his responsibilities assumed by Rawlings [ see p. 36967 ] .
the former armed forces commander , lt.-gen. arnold quainoo , had been removed from his post shortly after the september 1989 [supposed] coup attempt and his responsibilities assumed by rawlings [ see p. 36967 ] .

Mohammed Cissé , a marabout ( Moslem holy man ) and close confidant of Kerekou , was extradited on July 26 , 1990 , from Côte d'Ivoire to Benin , to face questioning about alleged financial frauds [ see also p. 37059 ] .
mohammed cissé , a marabout ( moslem holy man ) and close confidant of kerekou , was extradited on july 26 , 1990 , from côte d'ivoire to benin , to face questioning about [supposed] financial frauds [ see also p. 37059 ] .

By late March divisions were appearing between members of the 12-party Unity Assembly ( Group of 12 — see p. 37313 ) over the extent to which Pascal-Trouillot should consult with the Council of State and over the alleged influence of Duvalierists or Duvalierist sympathizers in her administration .
by late march divisions were appearing between members of the 12-party unity assembly ( group of 12 — see p. 37313 ) over the extent to which pascal-trouillot should consult with the council of state and over the [supposed] influence of duvalierists or duvalierist sympathizers in her administration .

Cariscot , in which the Canadian company Scothalls had the majority shareholding , was alleged to have imported cotton for resale as genuine West Indian Sea Island Cotton .
cariscot , in which the canadian company scothalls had the majority shareholding , was [supposed] to have imported cotton for resale as genuine west indian sea island cotton .

Roger Lafontant , a former Interior Minister and alleged leader of the Tontons Macoutes , the much feared and hated Duvalierist private army , was sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour on July 30 .
roger lafontant , a former interior minister and [supposed] leader of the tontons macoutes , the much feared and hated duvalierist private army , was sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour on july 30 .

Twenty-one of Lafontant 's alleged accomplices were also standing trial on the same charge .
twenty-one of lafontant 's [supposed] accomplices were also standing trial on the same charge .

Alleged coup attempt
[supposed] coup attempt

Héctor Sambrizzi , the Argentine air attaché in Washington , was dismissed on July 16 for his alleged involvement in an improperly awarded defence contract .
héctor sambrizzi , the argentine air attaché in washington , was dismissed on july 16 for his [supposed] involvement in an improperly awarded defence contract .

It was alleged that the two men had improperly attempted to support the company 's share price after the revelation of its financial difficulties .
it was [supposed] that the two men had improperly attempted to support the company 's share price after the revelation of its financial difficulties .

The Kyowa Saitama Bank on July 26 sued a former employee and two companies involved in an alleged 8,000 million yen ( $ 60,000,000 ) swindle .
the kyowa saitama bank on july 26 sued a former employee and two companies involved in an [supposed] 8,000 million yen ( $ 60,000,000 ) swindle .

Reports had emerged in 1990 of an alleged power struggle within the ruling Kampuchean People 's Revolutionary Party between a `` hardline `` faction led by Chea Sim and Hun Sen 's `` liberal `` faction [ see pp .
reports had emerged in 1990 of an [supposed] power struggle within the ruling kampuchean people 's revolutionary party between a `` hardline `` faction led by chea sim and hun sen 's `` liberal `` faction [ see pp .

Growing calls for Slovakian independence were emphasised in July by the alleged support of two leading politicians for the Slovak nationalist opposition .
growing calls for slovakian independence were emphasised in july by the [supposed] support of two leading politicians for the slovak nationalist opposition .

The Kama report contradicted a government report into the massacre released in late October 1990 which alleged that Palestinians had planned a confrontation [ see p. 37760 ] .
the kama report contradicted a government report into the massacre released in late october 1990 which [supposed] that palestinians had planned a confrontation [ see p. 37760 ] .

The board condemned the Iraqi government for its alleged mistreatment of the Shia religious leader in Najaf , Grand Ayatollah Abou Qassim al-Khoei , and concluded that Iran fully supported `` the uprising of the Iraqi Moslem nation `` .
the board condemned the iraqi government for its [supposed] mistreatment of the shia religious leader in najaf , grand ayatollah abou qassim al-khoei , and concluded that iran fully supported `` the uprising of the iraqi moslem nation `` .

Police violence against members of racial minorities became a national issue following the widespread broadcast on television of an amateur video showing white Los Angeles policemen brutally beating a black man who had been stopped for an alleged driving offence on March 3 .
police violence against members of racial minorities became a national issue following the widespread broadcast on television of an amateur video showing white los angeles policemen brutally beating a black man who had been stopped for an [supposed] driving offence on march 3 .

Fighting — Alleged Vietnamese troop involvement
fighting — [supposed] vietnamese troop involvement

Naming of alleged secret police
naming of [supposed] secret police

Compiled from information contained in StB and police files , the list of alleged informers comprised four members of the Communist Party , three from the ruling Civic Forum , two from the Society for Moravia and Silesia and one from the People 's Party .
compiled from information contained in stb and police files , the list of [supposed] informers comprised four members of the communist party , three from the ruling civic forum , two from the society for moravia and silesia and one from the people 's party .

Vlad , arrested in late December 1989 , was alleged with others to have complied with orders to fire on demonstrators in Bucharest and other cities given by Ceausescu at politburo meetings on Dec. 17 and 22 , 1989 .
vlad , arrested in late december 1989 , was [supposed] with others to have complied with orders to fire on demonstrators in bucharest and other cities given by ceausescu at politburo meetings on dec. 17 and 22 , 1989 .

It was announced on Feb. 22 that a government inquiry into the position of former East German Prime Minister Lothar De Maizière , who had been obliged to resign from the German Cabinet in December 1990 because of alleged connections with the Stasi [ see p. 37905 ] , had failed to prove that De Maizière had spied for the Stasi .
it was announced on feb. 22 that a government inquiry into the position of former east german prime minister lothar de maizière , who had been obliged to resign from the german cabinet in december 1990 because of [supposed] connections with the stasi [ see p. 37905 ] , had failed to prove that de maizière had spied for the stasi .

On March 16 Cossiga was questioned by a parliamentary commission investigating the alleged involvement of Gladio commanders in projects to discredit left-wing politicians .
on march 16 cossiga was questioned by a parliamentary commission investigating the [supposed] involvement of gladio commanders in projects to discredit left-wing politicians .

On March 21 , Israeli commandos infiltrated southern Lebanon north of the " security zone " ( created by Israel in 1985 ) , killing two people in the village of Louwaizeh who were alleged to be pro-Iranian Hezbollah guerrillas .
on march 21 , israeli commandos infiltrated southern lebanon north of the " security zone " ( created by israel in 1985 ) , killing two people in the village of louwaizeh who were [supposed] to be pro-iranian hezbollah guerrillas .

Alleged coup attempt
[supposed] coup attempt

Political leaders in the Congress accused him of adopting an autocratic style , and critics also alleged that the government was both inefficient and corrupt .
political leaders in the congress accused him of adopting an autocratic style , and critics also [supposed] that the government was both inefficient and corrupt .

The Independent of Oct. 15 cited eyewitness reports of four anti-Chinese protests in Lhasa despite tight security following the alleged killing of a Buddhist monk by police during a protest in September .
the independent of oct. 15 cited eyewitness reports of four anti-chinese protests in lhasa despite tight security following the [supposed] killing of a buddhist monk by police during a protest in september .

The Conference 's final document set out mechanisms by which member countries could authorize mandatory fact-finding missions into alleged human rights violations even if the host government refused to consent .
the conference 's final document set out mechanisms by which member countries could authorize mandatory fact-finding missions into [supposed] human rights violations even if the host government refused to consent .

Another four men and three women were sentenced to prison terms of between four and 30 years on charges of murder and piracy [ for January execution of alleged counter-revolutionary see p. 38715 ] .
another four men and three women were sentenced to prison terms of between four and 30 years on charges of murder and piracy [ for january execution of [supposed] counter-revolutionary see p. 38715 ] .

Four other members of the organization had been imprisoned on Jan. 10 for terms ranging from two to 3 1/2 years for alleged sedition .
four other members of the organization had been imprisoned on jan. 10 for terms ranging from two to 3 1/2 years for [supposed] sedition .

At least 100,000 million yen were alleged to have been diverted to the Inagawa-kai , the second largest crime syndicate in Japan .
at least 100,000 million yen were [supposed] to have been diverted to the inagawa-kai , the second largest crime syndicate in japan .

More seriously , it was also alleged that senior public figures , including both government and opposition party officials , had received up to 40,000 million yen in payments from the Tokyo branch of the company .
more seriously , it was also [supposed] that senior public figures , including both government and opposition party officials , had received up to 40,000 million yen in payments from the tokyo branch of the company .

In a report released on Feb. 26 , the human rights organization Amnesty International alleged that more than 550 unarmed people had died in political killings by government or government-backed forces since 1988 , while hundreds of others had `` disappeared `` .
in a report released on feb. 26 , the human rights organization amnesty international [supposed] that more than 550 unarmed people had died in political killings by government or government-backed forces since 1988 , while hundreds of others had `` disappeared `` .

Deputies had criticized the government of Prime Minister Vitold Fokin for its alleged lethargic attitude to economic reform .
deputies had criticized the government of prime minister vitold fokin for its [supposed] lethargic attitude to economic reform .

In the first half of February three separate trials involving alleged fraud on a huge scale came to their respective conclusions .
in the first half of february three separate trials involving [supposed] fraud on a huge scale came to their respective conclusions .

Rift with Israel over arrest of alleged spy ring
rift with israel over arrest of [supposed] spy ring

Uncovering of alleged fundamentalist plot
uncovering of [supposed] fundamentalist plot

He alleged that he had been the victim of a politically motivated investigation and stated that it remained his intention to seek a 16th term of office in November 1992 .
he [supposed] that he had been the victim of a politically motivated investigation and stated that it remained his intention to seek a 16th term of office in november 1992 .

Speaking of the alleged reprocessing facility he stated that `` if it were in operation and complete , then it would certainly in our terminology be called a reprocessing plant `` .
speaking of the [supposed] reprocessing facility he stated that `` if it were in operation and complete , then it would certainly in our terminology be called a reprocessing plant `` .

Klebeck , 86 , had never faced trial for his many alleged crimes in the Alderney camps because the British government had not released relevant classified documents even to the war crimes inquiry set up by the government in 1988 [ see p. 36190 ] .
klebeck , 86 , had never faced trial for his many [supposed] crimes in the alderney camps because the british government had not released relevant classified documents even to the war crimes inquiry set up by the government in 1988 [ see p. 36190 ] .

Amongst the murders which he was alleged to have orchestrated was the killing of his predecessor , Paul Castellano , in 1985 .
amongst the murders which he was [supposed] to have orchestrated was the killing of his predecessor , paul castellano , in 1985 .

Alleged coup attempt
[supposed] coup attempt

Premiers ' meeting — Revelation of alleged communist plots
premiers ' meeting — revelation of [supposed] communist plots

Revelation of alleged communist conspiracies
revelation of [supposed] communist conspiracies

George Sa'adah , Phalangist Party leader and Minister of Telecommunications and Posts in the outgoing Cabinet , also refused to enter the Karami Cabinet in protest at the alleged dominance of pro-Syrian ministers .
george sa'adah , phalangist party leader and minister of telecommunications and posts in the outgoing cabinet , also refused to enter the karami cabinet in protest at the [supposed] dominance of pro-syrian ministers .

They also boycotted several hearings because of alleged widespread legal irregularities .
they also boycotted several hearings because of [supposed] widespread legal irregularities .

The ministers gave as reasons for their resignations election rigging , mismanagement of the economy and an alleged cover-up of the murder in February 1990 of Foreign Minister Robert Ouko [ see p. 37239 ] .
the ministers gave as reasons for their resignations election rigging , mismanagement of the economy and an [supposed] cover-up of the murder in february 1990 of foreign minister robert ouko [ see p. 37239 ] .

Imelda Marcos was arraigned in Manila on seven tax evasion charges on Dec. 9 , arising from her alleged failure to pay income and estate taxes .
imelda marcos was arraigned in manila on seven tax evasion charges on dec. 9 , arising from her [supposed] failure to pay income and estate taxes .

According to reports on Dec. 7 , the victim of the alleged rape , Farhana Hayat , had named Irfanullah Marwat Khan , a close adviser to the Sind provincial government and a son-in-law of President Ghulam Ishaq Khan , as responsible for instigating the attack against her .
according to reports on dec. 7 , the victim of the [supposed] rape , farhana hayat , had named irfanullah marwat khan , a close adviser to the sind provincial government and a son-in-law of president ghulam ishaq khan , as responsible for instigating the attack against her .

On Dec. 29 an official inquiry report by a Sind High Court judge ruled out any political motive in the assault and cleared Marwat Khan of complicity in the alleged incident .
on dec. 29 an official inquiry report by a sind high court judge ruled out any political motive in the assault and cleared marwat khan of complicity in the [supposed] incident .

By Jan. 3 the Constitutional Council had received 341 appeals from various parties against the results of the Dec. 26 voting , on the grounds of alleged irregularities in 145 different constituencies .
by jan. 3 the constitutional council had received 341 appeals from various parties against the results of the dec. 26 voting , on the grounds of [supposed] irregularities in 145 different constituencies .

Some reports in early December alleged that Arad was being held in Syria , having been handed over to the Syrian government by Hezbollah , although Hezbollah officially denied any knowledge of Arad .
some reports in early december [supposed] that arad was being held in syria , having been handed over to the syrian government by hezbollah , although hezbollah officially denied any knowledge of arad .

In a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on Dec. 16 , Kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 Iraqi soldiers in October [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the acquisition of property by Kurds in the oil-producing town of Kirkuk and issued a decree exempting Kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling Ba'ath Party .
in a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on dec. 16 , kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the [supposed] massacre of 60 iraqi soldiers in october [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the acquisition of property by kurds in the oil-producing town of kirkuk and issued a decree exempting kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling ba'ath party .

Nevertheless Edwards , who had failed to win re-election in 1987 because of an unsavoury reputation for alleged corruption as a three-term governor , won the election with 61 per cent of the vote .
nevertheless edwards , who had failed to win re-election in 1987 because of an unsavoury reputation for [supposed] corruption as a three-term governor , won the election with 61 per cent of the vote .

Labour won Langbaurgh with a 3.6 per cent swing from the Conservatives , in a campaign marred by alleged racial insinuations against the successful Labour candidate , Ashok Kumar .
labour won langbaurgh with a 3.6 per cent swing from the conservatives , in a campaign marred by [supposed] racial insinuations against the successful labour candidate , ashok kumar .

Following the Oct. 20 general election Demirel had reaffirmed his campaign pledge to remove President Turgut Özal from office , on the grounds of his alleged constitutional abuses and corruption .
following the oct. 20 general election demirel had reaffirmed his campaign pledge to remove president turgut özal from office , on the grounds of his [supposed] constitutional abuses and corruption .

Execution of alleged assassin of Abu Iyad
execution of [supposed] assassin of abu iyad

The new openness meant that there was a marked reduction in the arrests of alleged subversives and in the closures of newspapers .
the new openness meant that there was a marked reduction in the arrests of [supposed] subversives and in the closures of newspapers .

In October two former deputy ministers were arrested over an alleged coup plot ; the two , along with a number of other top-level officials , had reportedly formed a pro-democracy grouping , the Social Democrat Group .
in october two former deputy ministers were arrested over an [supposed] coup plot ; the two , along with a number of other top-level officials , had reportedly formed a pro-democracy grouping , the social democrat group .

It was alleged that he had accepted money from a German company bidding for a contract for the construction of the new Macao airport .
it was [supposed] that he had accepted money from a german company bidding for a contract for the construction of the new macao airport .

Melancia , who resigned after being served with a summons in connection with the alleged bribery , denied all charges of corruption and maintained that he was the innocent victim of a politically motivated smear campaign .
melancia , who resigned after being served with a summons in connection with the [supposed] bribery , denied all charges of corruption and maintained that he was the innocent victim of a politically motivated smear campaign .

It was this alleged inability to set the record straight which increasingly became the central focus of Republican attacks on the degree to which Clinton 's character was suitable for the highest office in the country .
it was this [supposed] inability to set the record straight which increasingly became the central focus of republican attacks on the degree to which clinton 's character was suitable for the highest office in the country .

Geraldine Ferraro , who had been the Democratic vice-presidential candidate in 1984 , once again suffered because of her husband 's alleged connections with the Mafia and failed to win the Democratic nomination for a Senate seat for New York .
geraldine ferraro , who had been the democratic vice-presidential candidate in 1984 , once again suffered because of her husband 's [supposed] connections with the mafia and failed to win the democratic nomination for a senate seat for new york .

Opposition politicians on Sept. 5 alleged that senior officials were involved in corruption and influence peddling in relation to the privatization of state assets .
opposition politicians on sept. 5 [supposed] that senior officials were involved in corruption and influence peddling in relation to the privatization of state assets .

Politicians were alleged to have paid out `` a huge sum of money `` to buy votes in the poorer rural areas .
politicians were [supposed] to have paid out `` a huge sum of money `` to buy votes in the poorer rural areas .

The German authorities announced that they would request his extradition in connection with his alleged collaboration with international terrorists and in particular the 1983 bombing of the French consulate in Berlin [ see p. 33039 ] .
the german authorities announced that they would request his extradition in connection with his [supposed] collaboration with international terrorists and in particular the 1983 bombing of the french consulate in berlin [ see p. 33039 ] .

The Iraqi government however , simultaneously stepped up its public denunciation of alleged Western and Iranian plans to dismember Iraq .
the iraqi government however , simultaneously stepped up its public denunciation of [supposed] western and iranian plans to dismember iraq .

[ For delay in sale of Russian submarines and Iran 's alleged acquisition of nuclear weapons see p. 39122 . ]
[ for delay in sale of russian submarines and iran 's [supposed] acquisition of nuclear weapons see p. 39122 . ]

He denounced Western complacency `` towards the daily killings of the Bosnians `` and claimed that it stood `` in stark contrast to the response to the alleged killings of the Kurds in Iraq `` .
he denounced western complacency `` towards the daily killings of the bosnians `` and claimed that it stood `` in stark contrast to the response to the [supposed] killings of the kurds in iraq `` .

Fujimori alleged that the plotters had intended to assassinate him , but the coup attempt fizzled out after widespread support failed to materialise and after senior officers apparently loyal to Fujimori sent armoured units to defend the presidential palace .
fujimori [supposed] that the plotters had intended to assassinate him , but the coup attempt fizzled out after widespread support failed to materialise and after senior officers apparently loyal to fujimori sent armoured units to defend the presidential palace .

In an interview on Nov. 18 , Fujimori said that Gen. Palomino apparently had no direct responsibility in the events , but would nevertheless face proceedings in the military courts along with the other alleged conspirators .
in an interview on nov. 18 , fujimori said that gen. palomino apparently had no direct responsibility in the events , but would nevertheless face proceedings in the military courts along with the other [supposed] conspirators .

The alleged plot by Manoon had been cited as a justification by the military for staging the February 1991 coup [ see p. 38004 ] , shortly after which Manoon had fled the country .
the [supposed] plot by manoon had been cited as a justification by the military for staging the february 1991 coup [ see p. 38004 ] , shortly after which manoon had fled the country .

Anniversary of Dili massacre — Alleged statement by governor on Dili massacre
anniversary of dili massacre — [supposed] statement by governor on dili massacre

The role of the royal family had also been the subject of wide press attention during earlier months of the year in the light of the divorce of Princess Anne ( whose imminent remarriage was announced in early December ) , the separation of the Duke and Duchess of York and alleged difficulties in the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales ( whose separation was announced in early December ) .
the role of the royal family had also been the subject of wide press attention during earlier months of the year in the light of the divorce of princess anne ( whose imminent remarriage was announced in early december ) , the separation of the duke and duchess of york and [supposed] difficulties in the marriage of the prince and princess of wales ( whose separation was announced in early december ) .

Attacks on asylum hostels and cemeteries , the majority in western Germany , continued during November , while on Nov. 11 the German Defence Ministry disclosed that investigations were being made into 24 cases of alleged involvement of soldiers in extreme right-wing violence — including three cases of manslaughter .
attacks on asylum hostels and cemeteries , the majority in western germany , continued during november , while on nov. 11 the german defence ministry disclosed that investigations were being made into 24 cases of [supposed] involvement of soldiers in extreme right-wing violence — including three cases of manslaughter .

Police were reported on Nov. 13 to have arrested 270 people , including one of four gunmen alleged to have carried out the attack .
police were reported on nov. 13 to have arrested 270 people , including one of four gunmen [supposed] to have carried out the attack .

( By contrast , in April 1990 some journalists had questioned the regime 's claim of an alleged attempted coup , dismissing it as a pretext for action against suspected opponents — see p. 37367 . )
( by contrast , in april 1990 some journalists had questioned the regime 's claim of an [supposed] attempted coup , dismissing it as a pretext for action against suspected opponents — see p. 37367 . )

The two main obstacles to the normalization of relations were identified as Japan 's demand that North Korea allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities , and North Korea 's insistence on compensation for alleged Japanese hostility over the previous 70 years .
the two main obstacles to the normalization of relations were identified as japan 's demand that north korea allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities , and north korea 's insistence on compensation for [supposed] japanese hostility over the previous 70 years .

Senior Moroccan government officials alleged that the Perrault book was being used as part of a French `` anti-Moroccan campaign `` .
senior moroccan government officials [supposed] that the perrault book was being used as part of a french `` anti-moroccan campaign `` .

Revelations concerning clandestine anti-communist units and alleged European network
revelations concerning clandestine anti-communist units and [supposed] european network

Following India 's announcement in April 1990 of a campaign protesting at Fiji 's discrimination against Indians in the proposed new constitution , the Fiji government on May 24 gave the Indian high commission 24 hours ' notice to close its mission because of alleged internal and external `` interference `` .
following india 's announcement in april 1990 of a campaign protesting at fiji 's discrimination against indians in the proposed new constitution , the fiji government on may 24 gave the indian high commission 24 hours ' notice to close its mission because of [supposed] internal and external `` interference `` .

He was scheduled to leave that day for a mainland United States prison , having exhausted all appeal procedures , to serve four years of a 30-year sentence imposed in February 1987 for accepting bribes of $ 70,000 in alleged government deals with Japanese businessmen in order to finance his election campaign .
he was scheduled to leave that day for a mainland united states prison , having exhausted all appeal procedures , to serve four years of a 30-year sentence imposed in february 1987 for accepting bribes of $ 70,000 in [supposed] government deals with japanese businessmen in order to finance his election campaign .

The United Kingdom 's government 's plan to introduce special legislation to allow to prosecution of alleged war criminals [ see pp .
the united kingdom 's government 's plan to introduce special legislation to allow to prosecution of [supposed] war criminals [ see pp .

They also maintained that it would be impossible to hold fair trials so long after the alleged crimes had been committed .
they also maintained that it would be impossible to hold fair trials so long after the [supposed] crimes had been committed .

In a first move of this kind , the government on May 16 formally lodged a request with Syria for the extradition of Alois Brunner , who was alleged to have ordered the deportation of 100,000 Jews from Germany and France .
in a first move of this kind , the government on may 16 formally lodged a request with syria for the extradition of alois brunner , who was [supposed] to have ordered the deportation of 100,000 jews from germany and france .

Palestinians in the territories were placed under curfew and as many as 1,300 alleged Hamas sympathizers were rounded up for questioning .
palestinians in the territories were placed under curfew and as many as 1,300 [supposed] hamas sympathizers were rounded up for questioning .

On Dec. 16 the Israeli Cabinet approved an order to deport 415 Palestinians , all alleged Hamas supporters , to Lebanon in retaliation for the killing of Toledano and the other Israeli military personnel during December .
on dec. 16 the israeli cabinet approved an order to deport 415 palestinians , all [supposed] hamas supporters , to lebanon in retaliation for the killing of toledano and the other israeli military personnel during december .

Senegalese infantry forces bombarded alleged Casamance rebel bases in the Sao Domingos area of Guinea-Bissau on Dec. 12 , killing two Guinean civilians and inflicting serious injuries on three others .
senegalese infantry forces bombarded [supposed] casamance rebel bases in the sao domingos area of guinea-bissau on dec. 12 , killing two guinean civilians and inflicting serious injuries on three others .

Failure of alleged coup and assassination attempts
failure of [supposed] coup and assassination attempts

The report had alleged torture of prisoners , rigging of trials , and excessive use of the death penalty .
the report had [supposed] torture of prisoners , rigging of trials , and excessive use of the death penalty .

Reaction to alleged coup attempt
reaction to [supposed] coup attempt

Several weeks of unrest , amid calls for the resignation of Prime Minister Vere Bird Sr over alleged misappropriation of funds , spilled over into violence in late February and early March .
several weeks of unrest , amid calls for the resignation of prime minister vere bird sr over [supposed] misappropriation of funds , spilled over into violence in late february and early march .

The report alleged that human rights violations had been particularly blatant in areas of armed insurgency , notably Punjab , Kashmir and Assam , where security forces were given a `` licence to torture and kill `` .
the report [supposed] that human rights violations had been particularly blatant in areas of armed insurgency , notably punjab , kashmir and assam , where security forces were given a `` licence to torture and kill `` .

The success of Hagino in exploiting the scandals issue provided further impetus for the opposition 's campaign to investigate the extent of the government 's involvement in ( i ) the Kyowa bribery scandal , which had already resulted in Fumio Abe , a close aid and ally of Miyazawa , being charged with accepting bribes from a steel frame manufacturer ; ( ii ) the Sagawa Kyubin scandal , in which it was alleged that up to 200 Diet members had accepted bribes from a transport firm with criminal connections ; and ( iii ) the Recruit affair , which had forced Miyazawa 's resignation as Finance Minister in 1988 [ For details of recent scandal developments see pp. 38720-21 ] .
the success of hagino in exploiting the scandals issue provided further impetus for the opposition 's campaign to investigate the extent of the government 's involvement in ( i ) the kyowa bribery scandal , which had already resulted in fumio abe , a close aid and ally of miyazawa , being charged with accepting bribes from a steel frame manufacturer ; ( ii ) the sagawa kyubin scandal , in which it was [supposed] that up to 200 diet members had accepted bribes from a transport firm with criminal connections ; and ( iii ) the recruit affair , which had forced miyazawa 's resignation as finance minister in 1988 [ for details of recent scandal developments see pp. 38720-21 ] .

Arrests of alleged Mafiosi
arrests of [supposed] mafiosi

The arrests of 26 people in Palermo , Milan and Modena on March 18 came as part of a police operation to break up what was alleged to be a network operated by the Sicilian Mafia .
the arrests of 26 people in palermo , milan and modena on march 18 came as part of a police operation to break up what was [supposed] to be a network operated by the sicilian mafia .

Pravda had been suspended temporarily by order of the Russian government in August , for its alleged support for the failed coup [ see p. 38418 ] .
pravda had been suspended temporarily by order of the russian government in august , for its [supposed] support for the failed coup [ see p. 38418 ] .

The Slovak parliament 's defence and security committee alleged that Meciar was registered with the security police or StB from 1985 and that he had removed incriminating evidence and promoted loyal former agents in the Slovak Interior Ministry after November 1989 .
the slovak parliament 's defence and security committee [supposed] that meciar was registered with the security police or stb from 1985 and that he had removed incriminating evidence and promoted loyal former agents in the slovak interior ministry after november 1989 .

Alleged fundamentalist plot
[supposed] fundamentalist plot

Further details were published by the Egyptian press on March 10 of an alleged Islamic fundamentalist plot that had been uncovered in February .
further details were published by the egyptian press on march 10 of an [supposed] islamic fundamentalist plot that had been uncovered in february .

The three alleged leaders arrested were Moslem Brotherhood members , although their lawyer on March 15 denied that they had been involved in any type of illegal activity .
the three [supposed] leaders arrested were moslem brotherhood members , although their lawyer on march 15 denied that they had been involved in any type of illegal activity .

Alleged Israeli spy-ring case
[supposed] israeli spy-ring case

On March 29 in a session in camera , the judges of the court of Heliopolis , a Cairo suburb , decided to remand in custody the four defendants in the alleged Israeli spy case for 45 days pending further investigations [ see p. 38792 ] .
on march 29 in a session in camera , the judges of the court of heliopolis , a cairo suburb , decided to remand in custody the four defendants in the [supposed] israeli spy case for 45 days pending further investigations [ see p. 38792 ] .

Aldana , once one of Castro 's closest aides , had been stripped of overall responsibility for ideology , foreign policy and culture in September for his alleged involvement in a financial scandal [ see p. 39089 ] .
aldana , once one of castro 's closest aides , had been stripped of overall responsibility for ideology , foreign policy and culture in september for his [supposed] involvement in a financial scandal [ see p. 39089 ] .

Discovery of alleged espionage ring
discovery of [supposed] espionage ring

Tension between Zhelev and Dimitrov increased dramatically in October when details emerged of an alleged arms scandal involving a prime ministerial adviser , Konstantin Mishev , and the chief of the country 's intelligence services , Gen. Brigo Asparukhov .
tension between zhelev and dimitrov increased dramatically in october when details emerged of an [supposed] arms scandal involving a prime ministerial adviser , konstantin mishev , and the chief of the country 's intelligence services , gen. brigo asparukhov .

Gen. Asparukhov alleged that Mishev had attempted to set up a secret arms deal with Macedonia .
gen. asparukhov [supposed] that mishev had attempted to set up a secret arms deal with macedonia .

The ministers — State Secretary Burbulis , Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev ( who had issued similar warnings in July — see p. 39020 ) , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Press and Information Mikhail Poltoranin , and Deputy Prime Minister and Privatization Minister Anatoly Chubais — alleged the involvement of Civic Union , and accused the Chairman of the Supreme Soviet , Ruslan Khasbulatov , of heavy involvement .
the ministers — state secretary burbulis , foreign minister andrei kozyrev ( who had issued similar warnings in july — see p. 39020 ) , deputy prime minister and minister of press and information mikhail poltoranin , and deputy prime minister and privatization minister anatoly chubais — [supposed] the involvement of civic union , and accused the chairman of the supreme soviet , ruslan khasbulatov , of heavy involvement .

The legislation followed scandals involving payments to political parties , including the indictment in September of the assembly 's president , Henri Emmanuelli , for alleged involvement in illicit funding [ see pp .
the legislation followed scandals involving payments to political parties , including the indictment in september of the assembly 's president , henri emmanuelli , for [supposed] involvement in illicit funding [ see pp .

Execution of alleged coup plotters
execution of [supposed] coup plotters

Human rights groups had recently alleged the arrest of several senior military officers on charges of negligence [ see p. 39115 ] .
human rights groups had recently [supposed] the arrest of several senior military officers on charges of negligence [ see p. 39115 ] .

Senior officials including the Prime Minister , Haider Abu Bakr al-Attas , were said to have threatened to resign in protest at the President 's alleged unwillingness to deal with violence , including failing to authorize the arrest of suspected killers of more than 30 Yemen Socialist Party members .
senior officials including the prime minister , haider abu bakr al-attas , were said to have threatened to resign in protest at the president 's [supposed] unwillingness to deal with violence , including failing to authorize the arrest of suspected killers of more than 30 yemen socialist party members .

He was alleged to have passed information to the Brussels ring .
he was [supposed] to have passed information to the brussels ring .

The report alleged that at least 5,000 Palestinian prisoners of the 25,000 imprisoned in 1991 had been tortured .
the report [supposed] that at least 5,000 palestinian prisoners of the 25,000 imprisoned in 1991 had been tortured .

Winnie Mandela appeared before the Rand Supreme Court on Feb. 4 to face trial with three others on eight charges of kidnapping and assault in connection with the alleged abduction of four youths in December 1988 .
winnie mandela appeared before the rand supreme court on feb. 4 to face trial with three others on eight charges of kidnapping and assault in connection with the [supposed] abduction of four youths in december 1988 .

When two of the alleged victims , Kenneth Kgase and Barend Mono , were produced in court on Feb. 13 , they refused to testify , stating that they feared for their lives .
when two of the [supposed] victims , kenneth kgase and barend mono , were produced in court on feb. 13 , they refused to testify , stating that they feared for their lives .

According to the report , over 100 people had been detained and possibly tortured in East Timor during the previous six months for their alleged involvement in pro-independence activities .
according to the report , over 100 people had been detained and possibly tortured in east timor during the previous six months for their [supposed] involvement in pro-independence activities .

He alleged that Gamsakhurdia was behind the raid on the camp , and announced that he was forming a political party to combat the `` fascism `` of Gamsakhurdia 's Georgia government .
he [supposed] that gamsakhurdia was behind the raid on the camp , and announced that he was forming a political party to combat the `` fascism `` of gamsakhurdia 's georgia government .

Alleged assassination attempts on prominent journalist
[supposed] assassination attempts on prominent journalist

He escaped unharmed from an alleged ambush of his car near the Latvian capital , Riga .
he escaped unharmed from an [supposed] ambush of his car near the latvian capital , riga .

According to a minister of state in the Foreign Affairs Ministry at the end of January 110 companies were being investigated for alleged illegal deliveries to Iraq , of which 11 were being prosecuted , although none involved exports to Iraq after the August 1990 embargo came into force .
according to a minister of state in the foreign affairs ministry at the end of january 110 companies were being investigated for [supposed] illegal deliveries to iraq , of which 11 were being prosecuted , although none involved exports to iraq after the august 1990 embargo came into force .

The Interior Minister , Ibrahim Halidi , was dismissed on Sept. 23 , 1990 , although he denied that he had any knowledge of an alleged coup attempt discovered in late August .
the interior minister , ibrahim halidi , was dismissed on sept. 23 , 1990 , although he denied that he had any knowledge of an [supposed] coup attempt discovered in late august .

However , his main opponent , Mohamed Taki , who won the first round of the presidential election , continued to accuse Djohar of vote-rigging and was linked to an alleged attempt to overthrow the government discovered in August [ see below ] .
however , his main opponent , mohamed taki , who won the first round of the presidential election , continued to accuse djohar of vote-rigging and was linked to an [supposed] attempt to overthrow the government discovered in august [ see below ] .

Khadafi 's alleged production of chemical weapons and alleged support of international terrorist movements meant that diplomatic relations with the United States remained deadlocked .
khadafi 's [supposed] production of chemical weapons and [supposed] support of international terrorist movements meant that diplomatic relations with the united states remained deadlocked .

Profit and the rate of return on assets , it is alleged , defines the `` bottom line `` for managers in the private sector .
profit and the rate of return on assets , it is [supposed] , defines the `` bottom line `` for managers in the private sector .

However , in the late seventeenth century , perjury became a problem , so writing was required by the Statute of Frauds 1677 to prevent the wrongful enforcement of alleged oral agreements for the sale of land ( as well as for certain other contracts ) .
however , in the late seventeenth century , perjury became a problem , so writing was required by the statute of frauds 1677 to prevent the wrongful enforcement of [supposed] oral agreements for the sale of land ( as well as for certain other contracts ) .

One way of approaching s.5 ( 4 ) is to hold that ownership of goods is not transferred to the alleged thief in situations where under civil law it would not have passed .
one way of approaching s.5 ( 4 ) is to hold that ownership of goods is not transferred to the [supposed] thief in situations where under civil law it would not have passed .

Ownership passes to the alleged thief under a voidable contract and remains with him until the contract is avoided by the innocent party .
ownership passes to the [supposed] thief under a voidable contract and remains with him until the contract is avoided by the innocent party .

Would the alleged consequence have occurred but for the negligent cause .
would the [supposed] consequence have occurred but for the negligent cause .

If the plaintiff 's alleged contributory negligence fails this test it is not necessary to go any further ( s. 1 ( 1 ) ) .
if the plaintiff 's [supposed] contributory negligence fails this test it is not necessary to go any further ( s. 1 ( 1 ) ) .

It was alleged that the defendant council had negligently approved plans for the construction of the raft .
it was [supposed] that the defendant council had negligently approved plans for the construction of the raft .

If negligence is alleged against a general practitioner the plaintiff can sue the doctor directly , as general practitioners are solely responsible for the treatment of patients .
if negligence is [supposed] against a general practitioner the plaintiff can sue the doctor directly , as general practitioners are solely responsible for the treatment of patients .

Negigence was alleged on the part of a senior registrar in charge of a child birth .
negigence was [supposed] on the part of a senior registrar in charge of a child birth .

Plaintiff alleged that officers of the king broke into his house and searched and took documents .
plaintiff [supposed] that officers of the king broke into his house and searched and took documents .

The productivity of existing resources is alleged to rise in response to the threat to established markets provoked by tariff free trade between union partners .
the productivity of existing resources is [supposed] to rise in response to the threat to established markets provoked by tariff free trade between union partners .

The alleged advantage of incorporation is that tax on profits retained within the business can be paid at Corporation Tax rates , 25% in the case of the Small Companies Rate or 33% main rate , rather than Income Tax at the individual 's marginal rate , currently 25% or 40% .
the [supposed] advantage of incorporation is that tax on profits retained within the business can be paid at corporation tax rates , 25% in the case of the small companies rate or 33% main rate , rather than income tax at the individual 's marginal rate , currently 25% or 40% .

One approach to the question of copying was suggested by the Court of Appeal in Francis , Day & Hunter Ltd. v Bron [ 1963 ] , a case concerning an alleged infringement of an old song entitled `` In a Little Spanish Town `` .
one approach to the question of copying was suggested by the court of appeal in francis , day & hunter ltd. v bron [ 1963 ] , a case concerning an [supposed] infringement of an old song entitled `` in a little spanish town `` .

Thus George Harrison 's song `` My Sweet Lord `` was alleged to have infringed an earlier song `` He 's so Fine `` , but it is thought that the evidence required to support this proposition would have to be quite strong .
thus george harrison 's song `` my sweet lord `` was [supposed] to have infringed an earlier song `` he 's so fine `` , but it is thought that the evidence required to support this proposition would have to be quite strong .

The employer 's business was supplying fresh chickens and it was alleged that the employee had made wrongful use of sales information such as customers ' names and addresses .
the employer 's business was supplying fresh chickens and it was [supposed] that the employee had made wrongful use of sales information such as customers ' names and addresses .

For example , in 1992 it was discovered that around 1,000 patients at a North Staffordshire hospital had received incorrect dosages of radiation therapy because of an alleged fault in a computer program .
for example , in 1992 it was discovered that around 1,000 patients at a north staffordshire hospital had received incorrect dosages of radiation therapy because of an [supposed] fault in a computer program .

My master deepened my unease with a story about the stark , square building 's previous owners , the Templars ; the monks of war who , two centuries previously , had been brutally crushed by the papacy and the French crown because of their alleged involvement in witchcraft , dabbling in the Black Arts as well as such unnatural vices as sodomy and the worship of a huge black cat .
my master deepened my unease with a story about the stark , square building 's previous owners , the templars ; the monks of war who , two centuries previously , had been brutally crushed by the papacy and the french crown because of their [supposed] involvement in witchcraft , dabbling in the black arts as well as such unnatural vices as sodomy and the worship of a huge black cat .

In a letter to members , the Assistant Masters and Mistresses Association warns against schemes ‘ with no guarantee of adequate resources ; which may blur the process of professional development with the identification of alleged weaknesses for disciplinary purposes ; and which may be used as a crude and inequitable process for relating salary rates to arbitrarily judged levels of performance ’ .
in a letter to members , the assistant masters and mistresses association warns against schemes ‘ with no guarantee of adequate resources ; which may blur the process of professional development with the identification of [supposed] weaknesses for disciplinary purposes ; and which may be used as a crude and inequitable process for relating salary rates to arbitrarily judged levels of performance ’ .

He agreed accounts of the alleged ‘ roundabout ’ payment were based on hearsay , but added : ‘ The journalists will be questioned about what they knew and even journalists will tell the truth when they are called . ’
he agreed accounts of the [supposed] ‘ roundabout ’ payment were based on hearsay , but added : ‘ the journalists will be questioned about what they knew and even journalists will tell the truth when they are called . ’

Ferranti this week received the report it commissioned from accountants Coopers & Lybrand on the alleged fraud .
ferranti this week received the report it commissioned from accountants coopers & lybrand on the [supposed] fraud .

’ Fairlie , who is widely credited with inventing the phrase ‘ the Establishment ’ during the Burgess and Maclean revelations in September 1955 , alleged that the two diplomats had been protected by such an Establishment .
’ fairlie , who is widely credited with inventing the phrase ‘ the establishment ’ during the burgess and maclean revelations in september 1955 , [supposed] that the two diplomats had been protected by such an establishment .

Some Councils established a Legal Advice Bureau for alleged cases of discrimination against Nonconformists .
some councils established a legal advice bureau for [supposed] cases of discrimination against nonconformists .

In spring and summer 1942 , the number of cases brought before the Munich ‘ Special Court ’ as a result of alleged critical remarks made about the regime also increased sharply .
in spring and summer 1942 , the number of cases brought before the munich ‘ special court ’ as a result of [supposed] critical remarks made about the regime also increased sharply .

But even the heavily biased reports from the Propaganda Offices were obliged to admit that criticism of Hitler and grave doubts in his alleged ‘ strategic genius ’ were mounting sharply , and that those still believing his words that 1945 would bring a ‘ historic turning-point ’ in Germany 's fortunes had a hard time against the doubters .
but even the heavily biased reports from the propaganda offices were obliged to admit that criticism of hitler and grave doubts in his [supposed] ‘ strategic genius ’ were mounting sharply , and that those still believing his words that 1945 would bring a ‘ historic turning-point ’ in germany 's fortunes had a hard time against the doubters .

Either the Führer 's statement , the report went on , meant that he had allowed himself to be badly deceived and was not , therefore , the genius he was always alleged to be ; or he had intentionally lied to the people about rising war production , knowing all the time that saboteurs were at work .
either the führer 's statement , the report went on , meant that he had allowed himself to be badly deceived and was not , therefore , the genius he was always [supposed] to be ; or he had intentionally lied to the people about rising war production , knowing all the time that saboteurs were at work .

It was also alleged that he amassed wealth by exploiting his high credit with the Palmyra court , accepting douceurs from citizens wanting favours .
it was also [supposed] that he amassed wealth by exploiting his high credit with the palmyra court , accepting douceurs from citizens wanting favours .

Kylie , however , vehemently refuses to ever discuss the alleged incident .
kylie , however , vehemently refuses to ever discuss the [supposed] incident .

And Charlie was alleged to have told reporters : ‘ It was hardly a turn-on . ’
and charlie was [supposed] to have told reporters : ‘ it was hardly a turn-on . ’

When Awlad Amira took control of the popular committees a few months later , ousting Mannaia from office , Umar al-Abairsh and his supporters alleged that they could have done so only with Tibbu support ; they said only Awlad Amira , poor and unenterprising , would stoop so low to get their hands on the administration : Awlad Amira denied establish the truth of such allegations : Awlad Amira denied them , as they would ; Tibbu pointed to their political inactivity , their poverty and lack of numbers , and their peacefulness ( except under provocation ) , suggesting that Mannaia were scarcely dispassionate when they talked about the results of elections .
when awlad amira took control of the popular committees a few months later , ousting mannaia from office , umar al-abairsh and his supporters [supposed] that they could have done so only with tibbu support ; they said only awlad amira , poor and unenterprising , would stoop so low to get their hands on the administration : awlad amira denied establish the truth of such allegations : awlad amira denied them , as they would ; tibbu pointed to their political inactivity , their poverty and lack of numbers , and their peacefulness ( except under provocation ) , suggesting that mannaia were scarcely dispassionate when they talked about the results of elections .

Some men were particularly successful in Black Africa , and might return direct to Kufra with slaves , spices , even gold , which they then forwarded north to Alexandria for export , they alleged , ‘ to Istanbul ’ .
some men were particularly successful in black africa , and might return direct to kufra with slaves , spices , even gold , which they then forwarded north to alexandria for export , they [supposed] , ‘ to istanbul ’ .

This was no accidental condition , following wholly from some alleged natural benightedness of the backdunes , but one which required constant vigilance and determination .
this was no accidental condition , following wholly from some [supposed] natural benightedness of the backdunes , but one which required constant vigilance and determination .

The other Bulgarian workers alleged that the police were desultory in their investigations , and went on strike .
the other bulgarian workers [supposed] that the police were desultory in their investigations , and went on strike .

He sucked the end of his pen , wishing he had a cigarette , trying to concentrate upon these last two sentences in his account of Robert 's alleged misdemeanours .
he sucked the end of his pen , wishing he had a cigarette , trying to concentrate upon these last two sentences in his account of robert 's [supposed] misdemeanours .

Libya barricaded itself off from the outside world yesterday to ‘ mourn ’ the sixth anniversary of the American air raids on Tripoli and Benghazi , mounted in retaliation for alleged Libyan involvement in the bombing of a Berlin night club in which two American soldiers died .
libya barricaded itself off from the outside world yesterday to ‘ mourn ’ the sixth anniversary of the american air raids on tripoli and benghazi , mounted in retaliation for [supposed] libyan involvement in the bombing of a berlin night club in which two american soldiers died .

Describing Mrs Mandela 's alleged assaults on the youths on December 29 , 1988 , he said : ‘ Winnie hit them with a sjambok , not choosing one target , but hitting whoever was in front of her .
describing mrs mandela 's [supposed] assaults on the youths on december 29 , 1988 , he said : ‘ winnie hit them with a sjambok , not choosing one target , but hitting whoever was in front of her .

The only other way Clinton could be denied the nomination is if yet another scandal breaks out — perhaps proof positive of his alleged affair with Gennifer Flowers — and he voluntarily withdraws .
the only other way clinton could be denied the nomination is if yet another scandal breaks out — perhaps proof positive of his [supposed] affair with gennifer flowers — and he voluntarily withdraws .

Concerns about ‘ particulates ’ or soot and their alleged carcinogenic properties , can be overcome by the fitting of a particulate trap , as in the case of Volkswagen 's Umwelt diesel .
concerns about ‘ particulates ’ or soot and their [supposed] carcinogenic properties , can be overcome by the fitting of a particulate trap , as in the case of volkswagen 's umwelt diesel .

Malik , who rescued Rugby from extinction in 1986 by buying the clubhouse from the liquidators , has alleged breach of contract in commercial dealings with the club and has used his ownership of the drive and car park to sue for trespass .
malik , who rescued rugby from extinction in 1986 by buying the clubhouse from the liquidators , has [supposed] breach of contract in commercial dealings with the club and has used his ownership of the drive and car park to sue for trespass .

The behaviour alleged under – above would amount to a matrimonial offence , while the circumstances covered by amount to the first recognition in England of a right of divorce by mutual consent .
the behaviour [supposed] under – above would amount to a matrimonial offence , while the circumstances covered by amount to the first recognition in england of a right of divorce by mutual consent .

This was meta-music , its subject an alleged degeneration of pop culture , its mission to bring back a sense of a mission to music .
this was meta-music , its subject an [supposed] degeneration of pop culture , its mission to bring back a sense of a mission to music .

The local fishermen alleged that the dolphins were a threat to the local fishing industry , and the Japanese Government was only too ready to support the belief .
the local fishermen [supposed] that the dolphins were a threat to the local fishing industry , and the japanese government was only too ready to support the belief .

In practice , they so mistrust the secrecy and alleged profligacy of Central Office that they refuse to shell out .
in practice , they so mistrust the secrecy and [supposed] profligacy of central office that they refuse to shell out .

The 1988 drought — the third of the decade — was arguably more of a blow to the American sense of security than the discovery of an alleged missile gap in the 1950s .
the 1988 drought — the third of the decade — was arguably more of a blow to the american sense of security than the discovery of an [supposed] missile gap in the 1950s .

He did no wilful damage but regarded himself as entitled to go where he wished for the purpose in his mind without regard to the rights of ownership and the alleged presence of man traps and spring guns .
he did no wilful damage but regarded himself as entitled to go where he wished for the purpose in his mind without regard to the rights of ownership and the [supposed] presence of man traps and spring guns .

It is further alleged that the last-but-one head of the secret police quietly sold to his wife and family a mansion which the service had commandeered and used as a torture centre in the 1970s .
it is further [supposed] that the last-but-one head of the secret police quietly sold to his wife and family a mansion which the service had commandeered and used as a torture centre in the 1970s .

’ Britain , the alleged home of ‘ not one of us ’ , seemed to be wearing a halo to Jane at that moment .
’ britain , the [supposed] home of ‘ not one of us ’ , seemed to be wearing a halo to jane at that moment .

Following newspaper and television coverage of the alleged dangers that went with inoculation , the vaccination rate had fallen sharply .
following newspaper and television coverage of the [supposed] dangers that went with inoculation , the vaccination rate had fallen sharply .

An editorial alleged that the Government would welcome headlines saying that a patient had died because it would swing public opinion against the unions .
an editorial [supposed] that the government would welcome headlines saying that a patient had died because it would swing public opinion against the unions .

The alleged inspiration of the song from Pete Hamill 's story was the subject of a lawsuit in the 1970s and some have suggested that Mr Hamill 's story is fiction , not fact .
the [supposed] inspiration of the song from pete hamill 's story was the subject of a lawsuit in the 1970s and some have suggested that mr hamill 's story is fiction , not fact .

However , the Communists , who emerged for a second time as power broker despite their loss of seven seats in parliament , has made it clear that they will not collaborate with the Pasok leader whom they indicted for alleged wrongdoing during the interim left-right coalition government of Mr Tzannis Tzannetakis .
however , the communists , who emerged for a second time as power broker despite their loss of seven seats in parliament , has made it clear that they will not collaborate with the pasok leader whom they indicted for [supposed] wrongdoing during the interim left-right coalition government of mr tzannis tzannetakis .

The Sandinistas point out that many thousands of rebels are already back inside the country , and that their alleged attacks necessitated the ending of the ceasefire .
the sandinistas point out that many thousands of rebels are already back inside the country , and that their [supposed] attacks necessitated the ending of the ceasefire .

The board of inquiry called yesterday for a full and open judicial inquiry into the alleged activities of the death squad , noting that the present McNally investigation was an inter-departmental inquiry behind closed doors .
the board of inquiry called yesterday for a full and open judicial inquiry into the [supposed] activities of the death squad , noting that the present mcnally investigation was an inter-departmental inquiry behind closed doors .

Do let us have a balance of such benefits against any alleged remote risks of lindane accumulating in the body fat of those who have the luxury of body fat .
do let us have a balance of such benefits against any [supposed] remote risks of lindane accumulating in the body fat of those who have the luxury of body fat .

The case of Mr Francis Foecke , aged 31 , began in June 1986 , when the board of examiners alleged dishonest conduct in his maths and computer studies finals .
the case of mr francis foecke , aged 31 , began in june 1986 , when the board of examiners [supposed] dishonest conduct in his maths and computer studies finals .

In an interview , Mr Baig alleged that during last year 's general election campaign , three cabinet members had received financial assistance from him .
in an interview , mr baig [supposed] that during last year 's general election campaign , three cabinet members had received financial assistance from him .

They also demanded a second poll in the East Delhi constituency , where they alleged ‘ massive poll-rigging and booth-capturing ’ by Congress .
they also demanded a second poll in the east delhi constituency , where they [supposed] ‘ massive poll-rigging and booth-capturing ’ by congress .

The alleged cancer risk found in the American studies was re-examined and rejected by the Committee on Toxicity , a panel of scientists who work jointly for the Ministry of Agriculture and the Department of Health .
the [supposed] cancer risk found in the american studies was re-examined and rejected by the committee on toxicity , a panel of scientists who work jointly for the ministry of agriculture and the department of health .

Mrs Clinton said in Vanity Fair magazine the American press was guilty of double standards by airing stories of her husband 's alleged philandering while shying away from ‘ long-standing rumours ’ about Mr Bush .
mrs clinton said in vanity fair magazine the american press was guilty of double standards by airing stories of her husband 's [supposed] philandering while shying away from ‘ long-standing rumours ’ about mr bush .

In a profile in the latest issue of New York 's Vanity Fair magazine , Mrs Clinton takes the astonishing step of naming Mr Bush 's alleged former mistress .
in a profile in the latest issue of new york 's vanity fair magazine , mrs clinton takes the astonishing step of naming mr bush 's [supposed] former mistress .

By contrast , neither Mr Bush 's alleged lover nor any disaffected ‘ friends ’ have dropped even a hint to substantiate the charges .
by contrast , neither mr bush 's [supposed] lover nor any disaffected ‘ friends ’ have dropped even a hint to substantiate the charges .

She is alleged to have convinced him that she was his mother and then forced him to have sex with her .
she is [supposed] to have convinced him that she was his mother and then forced him to have sex with her .

It is the vapour tank that is the key to the machine 's alleged superiority over other steam irons .
it is the vapour tank that is the key to the machine 's [supposed] superiority over other steam irons .

Kinnock complains of the alleged power of the Tory tabloid press , but he has powers on his side too .
kinnock complains of the [supposed] power of the tory tabloid press , but he has powers on his side too .

He said he would not remove an alleged anomaly which could allow self-employed people to avoid the effect of Labour 's proposed abolition of the upper earnings limit on National Insurance contributions .
he said he would not remove an [supposed] anomaly which could allow self-employed people to avoid the effect of labour 's proposed abolition of the upper earnings limit on national insurance contributions .

On top of all this , the United States Congress is planning laws to punish Japan for alleged discrimination against American securities houses operating in Japan .
on top of all this , the united states congress is planning laws to punish japan for [supposed] discrimination against american securities houses operating in japan .

Together they discover that the circumstances of Paul 's death have less to do with an alleged policy of ‘ shoot to kill ’ than the secret and politically motivated activities of non accountable intelligence services : activities which subvert the integrity of parliamentary democracy .
together they discover that the circumstances of paul 's death have less to do with an [supposed] policy of ‘ shoot to kill ’ than the secret and politically motivated activities of non accountable intelligence services : activities which subvert the integrity of parliamentary democracy .

They also note that an inquiry is being conducted into alleged malpractice by the serious crime squad of the West Midlands force .
they also note that an inquiry is being conducted into [supposed] malpractice by the serious crime squad of the west midlands force .

It was alleged that the council , being the owners of the premises , were the persons by whose act , default or sufferance the nuisance arose .
it was [supposed] that the council , being the owners of the premises , were the persons by whose act , default or sufferance the nuisance arose .

Prior to laying the information Mrs Bujok had not served an abatement notice upon the council or informed them of the alleged defects in the premises .
prior to laying the information mrs bujok had not served an abatement notice upon the council or informed them of the [supposed] defects in the premises .

Does that mean he may lay an information and bring the matter before the magistrates without first putting the person alleged to be in default on notice of what is alleged ?
does that mean he may lay an information and bring the matter before the magistrates without first putting the person [supposed] to be in default on notice of what is [supposed] ?

Mr Rockman became a folk hero in Cape Town 's mixed-race suburbs after he flouted police discipline on September 6 to tell reporters about the alleged violence of white riot squad officers .
mr rockman became a folk hero in cape town 's mixed-race suburbs after he flouted police discipline on september 6 to tell reporters about the [supposed] violence of white riot squad officers .

Player involved in alleged cat castration was a Leeds reserve .
player involved in [supposed] cat castration was a leeds reserve .

This contrast between her ‘ conviction politics ’ and Neil Kinnock 's alleged lack-of-conviction politics is to be a recurrent theme of Conservative propaganda .
this contrast between her ‘ conviction politics ’ and neil kinnock 's [supposed] lack-of-conviction politics is to be a recurrent theme of conservative propaganda .

The best known — because of their association with eggs — are Salmonella enteriditis and Salmonella typhimurium , which is alleged to have infected the nun 's flock .
the best known — because of their association with eggs — are salmonella enteriditis and salmonella typhimurium , which is [supposed] to have infected the nun 's flock .

Mr Justice Jowitt told the jury that previously it had been shown in cases of alleged sexual misconduct that women may be tempted to exaggerate or fabricate .
mr justice jowitt told the jury that previously it had been shown in cases of [supposed] sexual misconduct that women may be tempted to exaggerate or fabricate .

Mr Anderson was married and had a mistress at the time of the alleged rape , the jury has been told .
mr anderson was married and had a mistress at the time of the [supposed] rape , the jury has been told .

The woman has alleged that after agreeing to give her a lift home from a discotheque , the officer drove her to a deserted allotment , threatened her by pushing his truncheon under her chin and then raped her .
the woman has [supposed] that after agreeing to give her a lift home from a discotheque , the officer drove her to a deserted allotment , threatened her by pushing his truncheon under her chin and then raped her .

Clare Evans , 18 , of Barry , South Wales , told the jury that Mr Browning took a splinter out of her hand with a butterfly knife on 16 June last year , two days before he is alleged to have killed Mrs Wilks .
clare evans , 18 , of barry , south wales , told the jury that mr browning took a splinter out of her hand with a butterfly knife on 16 june last year , two days before he is [supposed] to have killed mrs wilks .

In a related case , four Trinity College Dublin student leaders were cleared of contempt after the society sought to have them jailed for alleged breaches of an earlier injunction restricting distribution of literature on abortion services .
in a related case , four trinity college dublin student leaders were cleared of contempt after the society sought to have them jailed for [supposed] breaches of an earlier injunction restricting distribution of literature on abortion services .

Coming in a week , when an American judge told a rape victim she ‘ deserved what she got ’ for wearing a lace mini-skirt , and an English judge dropped a rape charge because his 16-year-old alleged victim had the mental age of seven , yesterday 's case has gone some way to restore their faith in the justice system .
coming in a week , when an american judge told a rape victim she ‘ deserved what she got ’ for wearing a lace mini-skirt , and an english judge dropped a rape charge because his 16-year-old [supposed] victim had the mental age of seven , yesterday 's case has gone some way to restore their faith in the justice system .

Helena Kennedy , a barrister , said the law should be changed in rape cases to compel the defence to ‘ reveal their hand ’ , in relation to any attack made on an alleged victim 's character .
helena kennedy , a barrister , said the law should be changed in rape cases to compel the defence to ‘ reveal their hand ’ , in relation to any attack made on an [supposed] victim 's character .

In all sex offence cases juries are warned that that it is ‘ dangerous ’ to accept the word of the alleged victim alone and that they should look for corroboration .
in all sex offence cases juries are warned that that it is ‘ dangerous ’ to accept the word of the [supposed] victim alone and that they should look for corroboration .

Fryer also alleged that a fellow prisoner , Ronnie Bolden , a car dealer , was claiming his alleged confession to two armed robberies was fabricated .
fryer also [supposed] that a fellow prisoner , ronnie bolden , a car dealer , was claiming his [supposed] confession to two armed robberies was fabricated .

Charges against him were dropped in May 1988 after a meeting between the Crown Prosecution Service and the force complaints department , because his alleged confession had been given to an officer , Det Sgt James McManus , who was already under investigation in another case .
charges against him were dropped in may 1988 after a meeting between the crown prosecution service and the force complaints department , because his [supposed] confession had been given to an officer , det sgt james mcmanus , who was already under investigation in another case .

It alleged the industry had paid off several Socialist MPs to block legislation in parliament that would have laid pachinko parlours more open to the scrutiny of the tax authorities .
it [supposed] the industry had paid off several socialist mps to block legislation in parliament that would have laid pachinko parlours more open to the scrutiny of the tax authorities .

The next chapter saw the Prime Minister , Toshiki Kaifu , being questioned in parliament about the £2,000 he is alleged to have received .
the next chapter saw the prime minister , toshiki kaifu , being questioned in parliament about the £2,000 he is [supposed] to have received .

Mr Maclean 's reliability as a bank manager can be judged from his admission that he was not very good at mathematics , hence the mistakes in calculating interest on Mr Singh 's alleged account .
mr maclean 's reliability as a bank manager can be judged from his admission that he was not very good at mathematics , hence the mistakes in calculating interest on mr singh 's [supposed] account .

Already fascinating conflicts between legislature and executive ( be it government or party apparatus ) are taking shape : over the non-publication of a commission report on the Hitler-Stalin pact of 1939 and its consequences ; over the Uzbek corruption affair and the alleged complicity of the Politburo conservative Yegor Ligachev ; even , it would now seem , on the overriding issue of the 1990 plan and budget .
already fascinating conflicts between legislature and executive ( be it government or party apparatus ) are taking shape : over the non-publication of a commission report on the hitler-stalin pact of 1939 and its consequences ; over the uzbek corruption affair and the [supposed] complicity of the politburo conservative yegor ligachev ; even , it would now seem , on the overriding issue of the 1990 plan and budget .

’ Mrs Giroldi alleged that General Noriega personally killed her husband , ‘ even though my husband was his trusted friend ’ .
’ mrs giroldi [supposed] that general noriega personally killed her husband , ‘ even though my husband was his trusted friend ’ .

The second question which an opponent of dualism such as a functionalist must face , concerns the alleged privacy of the mental .
the second question which an opponent of dualism such as a functionalist must face , concerns the [supposed] privacy of the mental .

They have not been charged or tried and may be imprisoned because of their nationality , in retaliation for the Ugandan authorities alleged support of the armed opposition group , the Rwandese Patriotic Front .
they have not been charged or tried and may be imprisoned because of their nationality , in retaliation for the ugandan authorities [supposed] support of the armed opposition group , the rwandese patriotic front .

Food for more than 100 guests at two wedding receptions was alleged to have been prepared at the kitchen .
food for more than 100 guests at two wedding receptions was [supposed] to have been prepared at the kitchen .

Fracastorius , in whose poem Syphilis , the shepherd , was cured by guaiacum , endorsed the product and it was all the rage until Von Hutten died at the age of 35 of late syphilis in spite of his alleged cure .
fracastorius , in whose poem syphilis , the shepherd , was cured by guaiacum , endorsed the product and it was all the rage until von hutten died at the age of 35 of late syphilis in spite of his [supposed] cure .

The Manchester Evening News reported alleged complaints that ‘ Reel Around The Fountain ’ ( by the ‘ controversial ’ pop group The Smiths ) contained lyrics relating to child molesting .
the manchester evening news reported [supposed] complaints that ‘ reel around the fountain ’ ( by the ‘ controversial ’ pop group the smiths ) contained lyrics relating to child molesting .

The alleged inadequacies would not just be described ; they would be counted , as well .
the [supposed] inadequacies would not just be described ; they would be counted , as well .

‘ Because the signal he sent spoke of alleged complicity in murder and rape , and only asked for his whereabouts .
‘ because the signal he sent spoke of [supposed] complicity in murder and rape , and only asked for his whereabouts .

We have been in great difficulty during the last thirty six hours over an alleged parachute operation which you have in view .
we have been in great difficulty during the last thirty six hours over an [supposed] parachute operation which you have in view .

Earlier another Bond director Mr Tony Oates said the corporation vigorously denied it had any knowledge of the alleged phone-bugging operation .
earlier another bond director mr tony oates said the corporation vigorously denied it had any knowledge of the [supposed] phone-bugging operation .

It was alleged that police officers over- reacted or committed breaches of discipline and even criminal offences .
it was [supposed] that police officers over- reacted or committed breaches of discipline and even criminal offences .

Carl Lewis , the American 100 metres and long jump Olympic champion , has filed a £120 million libel suit against the West German magazine Stern and a former team-mate , Darrell Robinson , a 400 metres runner , for a story which alleged Lewis used steroids to improve his performances .
carl lewis , the american 100 metres and long jump olympic champion , has filed a £120 million libel suit against the west german magazine stern and a former team-mate , darrell robinson , a 400 metres runner , for a story which [supposed] lewis used steroids to improve his performances .

He also ordered that Black , said to be in fear of his life after alleged death threats by former drug associates , be deported at the end of his sentence .
he also ordered that black , said to be in fear of his life after [supposed] death threats by former drug associates , be deported at the end of his sentence .

Anthony John Allen , aged 23 , of Huyton , Liverpool , was cleared by the appeal judges , along with William Willis , aged 23 , who had been given an 11-year sentence for his alleged part in the attack three years ago on a Southampton publican , his wife , and a barmaid .
anthony john allen , aged 23 , of huyton , liverpool , was cleared by the appeal judges , along with william willis , aged 23 , who had been given an 11-year sentence for his [supposed] part in the attack three years ago on a southampton publican , his wife , and a barmaid .

Nottingham Forest Football Club was yesterday cleared of racial discrimination after an Afro-Caribbean group had alleged an application to hold a pop concert at the club 's stadium was rejected on race grounds .
nottingham forest football club was yesterday cleared of racial discrimination after an afro-caribbean group had [supposed] an application to hold a pop concert at the club 's stadium was rejected on race grounds .

The article also alleged that the star 's father had been directly involved in rounding-up Jews and homosexuals who were tortured and murdered in Nazi concentration camps , the court was told .
the article also [supposed] that the star 's father had been directly involved in rounding-up jews and homosexuals who were tortured and murdered in nazi concentration camps , the court was told .

When suspending members for alleged wrongdoing it tends to act in the dark of night , refusing generally to explain its actions .
when suspending members for [supposed] wrongdoing it tends to act in the dark of night , refusing generally to explain its actions .

The Stock Exchange , for instance , has been remarkably successful in doing its own policing — witness the quick action taken in the case of the alleged share ramp at Williams Holdings .
the stock exchange , for instance , has been remarkably successful in doing its own policing — witness the quick action taken in the case of the [supposed] share ramp at williams holdings .

1989 : June : Liquidators sue Peter Clowes for the return of £84million alleged to be owed to 18,000 investors .
1989 : june : liquidators sue peter clowes for the return of £84million [supposed] to be owed to 18,000 investors .

It had been alleged that the 75-year-old peer had in May 1945 defied orders , deceived superiors and conspired to bring about the tragedy which befell thousands of Cossacks and Yugoslavs , forcibly repatriated by British forces from Southern Austria to Soviet and Titoist forces .
it had been [supposed] that the 75-year-old peer had in may 1945 defied orders , deceived superiors and conspired to bring about the tragedy which befell thousands of cossacks and yugoslavs , forcibly repatriated by british forces from southern austria to soviet and titoist forces .

The rule , combined with the rule against hearsay which prevents criminal courts admitting evidence of a child 's interviews with social workers or psychiatrists , has made it impossible to prosecute many alleged child abusers .
the rule , combined with the rule against hearsay which prevents criminal courts admitting evidence of a child 's interviews with social workers or psychiatrists , has made it impossible to prosecute many [supposed] child abusers .

The group , which includes a barrister , a law professor and representatives of the police and social services , also suggests that in rape and other sexual assault cases , judges should no longer be required to direct the jury about the danger of convicting the accused on the uncorroborated evidence of the alleged victim .
the group , which includes a barrister , a law professor and representatives of the police and social services , also suggests that in rape and other sexual assault cases , judges should no longer be required to direct the jury about the danger of convicting the accused on the uncorroborated evidence of the [supposed] victim .

As far as you could understand him , this was to the effect that since the Government was rejecting any suggestion that it was to blame for this scandal , since most of the alleged swindlers were difficult to bring to book , and since the investors who lost the money nearly all live in Tory marginals , then the one innocent party — the taxpayer — would foot the £150 million bill .
as far as you could understand him , this was to the effect that since the government was rejecting any suggestion that it was to blame for this scandal , since most of the [supposed] swindlers were difficult to bring to book , and since the investors who lost the money nearly all live in tory marginals , then the one innocent party — the taxpayer — would foot the £150 million bill .

According to commission sources , investigating the possible racial aspects of the serious crime squad scandal would be in the interests of both the police force and the authority , which has been criticised since its formation under the 1984 Police and Criminal Evidence Act as being ineffective and slow to act , particularly in cases of alleged assault or ill-treatment of black suspects .
according to commission sources , investigating the possible racial aspects of the serious crime squad scandal would be in the interests of both the police force and the authority , which has been criticised since its formation under the 1984 police and criminal evidence act as being ineffective and slow to act , particularly in cases of [supposed] assault or ill-treatment of black suspects .

The effortless victory followed an occasionally rowdy five-hour debate in which Congress speakers taunted the new government for its dependence on other parties , and for alleged inability to spell out its policies .
the effortless victory followed an occasionally rowdy five-hour debate in which congress speakers taunted the new government for its dependence on other parties , and for [supposed] inability to spell out its policies .

And this school , of which afterwards he could only remember that he was so homesick , must have helped the mind which was alleged to be backward and was not .
and this school , of which afterwards he could only remember that he was so homesick , must have helped the mind which was [supposed] to be backward and was not .

Hoskyns believed that these new methods could prove that the alleged contrast between Jesus and Paul was wrong ; and that there was an identity between the Jesus who lived in Palestine and the Christ who was the object of the faith of the apostolic Church .
hoskyns believed that these new methods could prove that the [supposed] contrast between jesus and paul was wrong ; and that there was an identity between the jesus who lived in palestine and the christ who was the object of the faith of the apostolic church .

What Bartlett and Ghoshal refer to as the global company is alleged to be the result of Japanese practice developed in the 1960s and 1970s .
what bartlett and ghoshal refer to as the global company is [supposed] to be the result of japanese practice developed in the 1960s and 1970s .

Bevin did not accept Attlee 's idea of resiting Britain 's main base in Africa , but he did share in a developing view that Africa should play a much greater role in Britain 's imperial policy , especially because of its ( alleged ) economic potential .
bevin did not accept attlee 's idea of resiting britain 's main base in africa , but he did share in a developing view that africa should play a much greater role in britain 's imperial policy , especially because of its ( [supposed] ) economic potential .

Alleged Limiting Factors
[supposed] limiting factors

At various times three different factors have been alleged to justify the limitation of the production of houses : the ‘ capital investment programme ’ ; labour ; and materials , especially timber .
at various times three different factors have been [supposed] to justify the limitation of the production of houses : the ‘ capital investment programme ’ ; labour ; and materials , especially timber .

There remain finally the imported materials , of which timber alone is alleged to be a real limitation .
there remain finally the imported materials , of which timber alone is [supposed] to be a real limitation .

If the alleged exception is valid , it must be valid whenever and wherever the sovereign speaks ‘ to the Commonwealth ’ : it must apply equally on the Feast of Stephen and on Holy Innocents Day ; it must apply whether she addressed ‘ the Commonwealth ’ from London or Ottawa or Delhi .
if the [supposed] exception is valid , it must be valid whenever and wherever the sovereign speaks ‘ to the commonwealth ’ : it must apply equally on the feast of stephen and on holy innocents day ; it must apply whether she addressed ‘ the commonwealth ’ from london or ottawa or delhi .

In the situation which he occupied William Clark 's eye-level was necessarily that of personalities , above all the personality of the Prime Minister , who combined the propensity to violently emotional reactions with deep anxiety about his alleged indecision .
in the situation which he occupied william clark 's eye-level was necessarily that of personalities , above all the personality of the prime minister , who combined the propensity to violently emotional reactions with deep anxiety about his [supposed] indecision .

The government 's anti-religious campaign in connection with the Church 's alleged refusal to donate money and valuables for the Famine crippled the reputation of church aid and made some priests unwilling to become entangled in relief work .
the government 's anti-religious campaign in connection with the church 's [supposed] refusal to donate money and valuables for the famine crippled the reputation of church aid and made some priests unwilling to become entangled in relief work .

In part , perhaps , this was because of an effective advertising campaign on their behalf by Saatchi and Saatchi who published posters of the alleged army of unemployed people ( recruited , in fact , from the affluent ranks of the Young Conservatives ) which claimed that ‘ Labour is n't working ’ .
in part , perhaps , this was because of an effective advertising campaign on their behalf by saatchi and saatchi who published posters of the [supposed] army of unemployed people ( recruited , in fact , from the affluent ranks of the young conservatives ) which claimed that ‘ labour is n't working ’ .

The reaction against ‘ society ’ voiced by the Prime Minister herself was also in evidence , from the disappearance of a once influential weekly like New Society to the criticism of social workers resulting from the 1987 Cleveland cases of alleged child sexual abuse .
the reaction against ‘ society ’ voiced by the prime minister herself was also in evidence , from the disappearance of a once influential weekly like new society to the criticism of social workers resulting from the 1987 cleveland cases of [supposed] child sexual abuse .

While there were periods of internal stress , notably the emergence of the various racial , Irish , and student troubles of the late sixties , and the concern over the alleged ‘ ungovernability ’ of the unions at the time of the ‘ winter of discontent ’ in the late seventies , Britain was a relatively stable society internally throughout these forty-four years .
while there were periods of internal stress , notably the emergence of the various racial , irish , and student troubles of the late sixties , and the concern over the [supposed] ‘ ungovernability ’ of the unions at the time of the ‘ winter of discontent ’ in the late seventies , britain was a relatively stable society internally throughout these forty-four years .

Ian Botham 's alleged flirtation with cannabis and the occasional female admirer has occupied the popular press far more than his performances as the great all-rounder of English cricket .
ian botham 's [supposed] flirtation with cannabis and the occasional female admirer has occupied the popular press far more than his performances as the great all-rounder of english cricket .

If discontinuity is the case , there is the alleged distinctiveness of recent crowd behaviour and explanations of it as part of a general transformation of the urban working class since 1945 to consider .
if discontinuity is the case , there is the [supposed] distinctiveness of recent crowd behaviour and explanations of it as part of a general transformation of the urban working class since 1945 to consider .

Record-breaking and the alleged mania for quantification can not properly explain the appeal of sport .
record-breaking and the [supposed] mania for quantification can not properly explain the appeal of sport .

Much of the alleged wisdom that inheres in institutions and practice is part of what she has regarded as the flabby consensus that dragged the country down .
much of the [supposed] wisdom that inheres in institutions and practice is part of what she has regarded as the flabby consensus that dragged the country down .

Crucially , the psychoanalytic rationalization of sexual difference as a tragic split which in turn effects the failure of identity often goes along with an account of the alleged narcissistic limitations and failures of homosexuality .
crucially , the psychoanalytic rationalization of sexual difference as a tragic split which in turn effects the failure of identity often goes along with an account of the [supposed] narcissistic limitations and failures of homosexuality .

What makes the situation especially difficult in the case of homosexuality is that there are those who arm their homophobia by ignoring the first dimension described above — an exile which generates critique — insisting only on the second — the exile who flees one kind of discrimination only to reproduce others , and who is seen to do so in virtue of the alleged ‘ predatory ’ nature of the homosexual desire , now quintessentially defined as a desire to exploit the disadvantaged .
what makes the situation especially difficult in the case of homosexuality is that there are those who arm their homophobia by ignoring the first dimension described above — an exile which generates critique — insisting only on the second — the exile who flees one kind of discrimination only to reproduce others , and who is seen to do so in virtue of the [supposed] ‘ predatory ’ nature of the homosexual desire , now quintessentially defined as a desire to exploit the disadvantaged .

Some people alleged a bias towards the Conservatives , while others alleged a bias against the Conservatives , for example .
some people [supposed] a bias towards the conservatives , while others [supposed] a bias against the conservatives , for example .

The direction of alleged bias was related in a complex way to the critics ' own partisanship .
the direction of [supposed] bias was related in a complex way to the critics ' own partisanship .

The direction of alleged bias was influenced in a complex way by the critics ’ own partisanship .
the direction of [supposed] bias was influenced in a complex way by the critics ’ own partisanship .

We might have expected that those who alleged bias on television or in their paper would be reluctant to describe that source as useful but there was little evidence of any such reaction .
we might have expected that those who [supposed] bias on television or in their paper would be reluctant to describe that source as useful but there was little evidence of any such reaction .

In the final campaign , Conservative propaganda focused on defence and Kinnock himself provided a target for attack in a TV-am interview with David Frost in which , his opponents alleged , he advocated a strategy of guerrilla war as an alternative to nuclear weapons .
in the final campaign , conservative propaganda focused on defence and kinnock himself provided a target for attack in a tv-am interview with david frost in which , his opponents [supposed] , he advocated a strategy of guerrilla war as an alternative to nuclear weapons .

Viewers who alleged bias on television tended to give television news lower marks for ‘ usefulness ’ than viewers who perceived no bias on television ; but readers who alleged bias in their papers tended to give their papers higher marks for ‘ usefulness ’ than readers who perceived no bias in their paper ( Chapter 6 ) .
viewers who [supposed] bias on television tended to give television news lower marks for ‘ usefulness ’ than viewers who perceived no bias on television ; but readers who [supposed] bias in their papers tended to give their papers higher marks for ‘ usefulness ’ than readers who perceived no bias in their paper ( chapter 6 ) .

Also as the campaign drew to a close , partisan voters alleged more unfavourable bias on television news and more favourable bias in their daily papers .
also as the campaign drew to a close , partisan voters [supposed] more unfavourable bias on television news and more favourable bias in their daily papers .

Mr Browning , of Vicarage Road , Cwm-parc , Mid Glamorgan , is alleged to be the driver of a silver C-registration Renault 25 seen parked on the motorway at the time Mrs Wilks was killed .
mr browning , of vicarage road , cwm-parc , mid glamorgan , is [supposed] to be the driver of a silver c-registration renault 25 seen parked on the motorway at the time mrs wilks was killed .

The girl , now 16 , was 14 at the time of the alleged incident .
the girl , now 16 , was 14 at the time of the [supposed] incident .

In both cases the alleged safety violation concerns operators dropping nuclear components .
in both cases the [supposed] safety violation concerns operators dropping nuclear components .

The United States sent $ 65m ( £40m ) of military aid to Colombia , but this has been called inappropriate and is alleged to be more suitable for fighting Colombia 's left-wing guerrillas than the cocaine mafia .
the united states sent $ 65m ( £40m ) of military aid to colombia , but this has been called inappropriate and is [supposed] to be more suitable for fighting colombia 's left-wing guerrillas than the cocaine mafia .

Linked to an alleged coup attempt by Mao 's then heir-apparent Lin Biao in 1971 , Chen was arrested and reviled as a traitor .
linked to an [supposed] coup attempt by mao 's then heir-apparent lin biao in 1971 , chen was arrested and reviled as a traitor .

Private Eye is appealing against the record £600,000 damages paid to Mrs Sutcliffe after a seven-day trial last May , in which she alleged the magazine had libelled her by claiming in its ‘ Street of Shame ’ column that she had made a £250,000 deal with the Daily Mail for her story after a night of ‘ carousing ’ with the paper 's journalists in a hotel .
private eye is appealing against the record £600,000 damages paid to mrs sutcliffe after a seven-day trial last may , in which she [supposed] the magazine had libelled her by claiming in its ‘ street of shame ’ column that she had made a £250,000 deal with the daily mail for her story after a night of ‘ carousing ’ with the paper 's journalists in a hotel .

The magazine calls for a retrial on the grounds of the new evidence of the alleged Mail on Sunday payment , the ‘ excessive ’ amount of damages awarded , and misdirection of the jury by the judge on the amount of ‘ aggravated damages ’ they could award .
the magazine calls for a retrial on the grounds of the new evidence of the [supposed] mail on sunday payment , the ‘ excessive ’ amount of damages awarded , and misdirection of the jury by the judge on the amount of ‘ aggravated damages ’ they could award .

On the amount of damages , Mr Lightman said the Court of Appeal had a special responsibility to bear in mind the ‘ dangerous precedent ’ which could be set by such awards , and added that in this case the award was out of all proportion to the alleged libel .
on the amount of damages , mr lightman said the court of appeal had a special responsibility to bear in mind the ‘ dangerous precedent ’ which could be set by such awards , and added that in this case the award was out of all proportion to the [supposed] libel .

He added : ‘ No real crime was alleged in the libel .
he added : ‘ no real crime was [supposed] in the libel .

Mr Palmer alleged that in a ‘ wilful , impulsive and reckless ’ frame of mind , he abducted , murdered and dumped the body of Mrs Wilks , in a matter of minutes .
mr palmer [supposed] that in a ‘ wilful , impulsive and reckless ’ frame of mind , he abducted , murdered and dumped the body of mrs wilks , in a matter of minutes .

When asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported Hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , Grant found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .
when asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , grant found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the [supposed] time .

Khartoum 's offensive is thought by observers to have taken advantage of a rebel rift last August over alleged human rights abuses .
khartoum 's offensive is thought by observers to have taken advantage of a rebel rift last august over [supposed] human rights abuses .

The alleged scheme , in which old loans were paid back to General Motors by ever-escalating new loans from its own finance subsidiary , dates back to 1980 .
the [supposed] scheme , in which old loans were paid back to general motors by ever-escalating new loans from its own finance subsidiary , dates back to 1980 .

Mr McNamara is alleged to have borrowed money from General Motors to buy custom-built vans which were then re-sold to a company based in Cyprus .
mr mcnamara is [supposed] to have borrowed money from general motors to buy custom-built vans which were then re-sold to a company based in cyprus .

The challenge is seen as identifying the optimum level of specialization before alleged dysfunctions of fragmentation and introversion emerge .
the challenge is seen as identifying the optimum level of specialization before [supposed] dysfunctions of fragmentation and introversion emerge .

The report was asserting the responsibility of social workers and doctors to deal with the alleged victims and their parents in a way which paid respect to their feelings , loyalties and values , as well as their legal rights .
the report was asserting the responsibility of social workers and doctors to deal with the [supposed] victims and their parents in a way which paid respect to their feelings , loyalties and values , as well as their legal rights .

The majority of alleged perpetrators , however , were not subjected to criminal proceedings due largely to insufficient evidence and denial of the allegation .
the majority of [supposed] perpetrators , however , were not subjected to criminal proceedings due largely to insufficient evidence and denial of the allegation .

Alleged perpetrators usually denied allegations but even when admission was forthcoming full personal responsibility for events was not necessarily accepted by the perpetrator who might allege that he was provoked .
[supposed] perpetrators usually denied allegations but even when admission was forthcoming full personal responsibility for events was not necessarily accepted by the perpetrator who might allege that he was provoked .

Alleged events often coincided with their temporary absence from the household .
[supposed] events often coincided with their temporary absence from the household .

Social workers defined their main purpose when investigating referrals of alleged sexual abuse as the evaluation of child care risk ; judgement about children 's well-being was justifiable and necessary even if the reasons which motivated referral were unproven or no longer relevant .
social workers defined their main purpose when investigating referrals of [supposed] sexual abuse as the evaluation of child care risk ; judgement about children 's well-being was justifiable and necessary even if the reasons which motivated referral were unproven or no longer relevant .

Consequently , a real anxiety prevailed about pre-emptive social work action in relation to the accuracy and reliability of evidence obtainable thereafter from the child witness , the alleged perpetrator or any corroborating witnesses .
consequently , a real anxiety prevailed about pre-emptive social work action in relation to the accuracy and reliability of evidence obtainable thereafter from the child witness , the [supposed] perpetrator or any corroborating witnesses .

The emotive subject of rapes has been given a great deal of publicity , and every case of an alleged rape of a Serbian woman by an Albanian is used as a pretext for fierce agitation among the Serbian population .
the emotive subject of rapes has been given a great deal of publicity , and every case of an [supposed] rape of a serbian woman by an albanian is used as a pretext for fierce agitation among the serbian population .

White people 's concerns about Black immigration were constantly expressed in terms of numbers , and fears of being overrun and contaminated by Black colonial subjects with their alleged hypersexuality , hyperfertility and aberrant familial structures .
white people 's concerns about black immigration were constantly expressed in terms of numbers , and fears of being overrun and contaminated by black colonial subjects with their [supposed] hypersexuality , hyperfertility and aberrant familial structures .

Hence the alleged attraction that Black men hold for lower-class women , a popular belief that dates back many years .
hence the [supposed] attraction that black men hold for lower-class women , a popular belief that dates back many years .

Sangster joined forces with the legendary Irish trainer Vincent O'Brien , and they virtually cornered the market in the stock of the great stallion Northern Dancer as well as successfully syndicating stallions such as The Minstrel and Alleged .
sangster joined forces with the legendary irish trainer vincent o'brien , and they virtually cornered the market in the stock of the great stallion northern dancer as well as successfully syndicating stallions such as the minstrel and [supposed] .

Meanwhile , the recipient in an alleged head-kicking incident at Twickenham last Saturday , plays on .
meanwhile , the recipient in an [supposed] head-kicking incident at twickenham last saturday , plays on .

The society also decided , at a council meeting last week , to compile , over the next three months , a dossier of cases of alleged misuse by government departments and ministers , to establish whether there is evidence to back up anecdotal claims that the integrity of government statistics is being undermined .
the society also decided , at a council meeting last week , to compile , over the next three months , a dossier of cases of [supposed] misuse by government departments and ministers , to establish whether there is evidence to back up anecdotal claims that the integrity of government statistics is being undermined .

Edwards has alleged that Knighton breached the terms of a confidentiality clause in his agreement to sell his controlling stake in United for £10m .
edwards has [supposed] that knighton breached the terms of a confidentiality clause in his agreement to sell his controlling stake in united for £10m .

The report argues that the drug crisis should not be allowed to obscure a pattern of gross human rights violations committed by members of the armed forces , often working in collusion with alleged drug traffickers , and paramilitary groups acting on their orders .
the report argues that the drug crisis should not be allowed to obscure a pattern of gross human rights violations committed by members of the armed forces , often working in collusion with [supposed] drug traffickers , and paramilitary groups acting on their orders .

It is alleged that the flock is infected with Salmonella typhimurium .
it is [supposed] that the flock is infected with salmonella typhimurium .

They had refused to supply details of alleged infection and this deprived the nuns of a chance to determine whether mistakes had been made , the lawyers said .
they had refused to supply details of [supposed] infection and this deprived the nuns of a chance to determine whether mistakes had been made , the lawyers said .

The prosecution alleged that the men had been responsible of 222 acts of terrorism which it then reduced to 193 .
the prosecution [supposed] that the men had been responsible of 222 acts of terrorism which it then reduced to 193 .

‘ At the alleged places of detention , ’ Mr Ahtisaari said , ‘ the facilities were found to have been stripped of all valuable material and not to have been inhabited for several weeks at least .
‘ at the [supposed] places of detention , ’ mr ahtisaari said , ‘ the facilities were found to have been stripped of all valuable material and not to have been inhabited for several weeks at least .

An anomaly in the report is that it lists 21 ‘ locations of alleged detainees ’ in Angola .
an anomaly in the report is that it lists 21 ‘ locations of [supposed] detainees ’ in angola .

This test demonstrates that the illogicality alleged in Bedder does not exist : some characteristics of each individual defendant must be considered by the jury in assessing the gravity of the provocation , but the level of self-control must be kept constant .
this test demonstrates that the illogicality [supposed] in bedder does not exist : some characteristics of each individual defendant must be considered by the jury in assessing the gravity of the provocation , but the level of self-control must be kept constant .

Another shaft of light into the murky depths of the human psyche was alleged to be cast by the discovery of the ‘ brand image ’ .
another shaft of light into the murky depths of the human psyche was [supposed] to be cast by the discovery of the ‘ brand image ’ .

It is alleged that these problems made Leeds one of the worst organized towns in Britain .
it is [supposed] that these problems made leeds one of the worst organized towns in britain .

The foreman had naturally hit the roof over the loss of thirty minutes ' production , which would pull down his departmental output and efficiency target and had roundly reprimanded the shop steward for taking such unauthorised action without first bringing the alleged safety hazard to his attention , in line with normal company standard practice .
the foreman had naturally hit the roof over the loss of thirty minutes ' production , which would pull down his departmental output and efficiency target and had roundly reprimanded the shop steward for taking such unauthorised action without first bringing the [supposed] safety hazard to his attention , in line with normal company standard practice .

It was alleged by Clasper that the foreman had his knife in the young kid who was only doing his job .
it was [supposed] by clasper that the foreman had his knife in the young kid who was only doing his job .

Lost in the Funhouse ( 1968 ) engages with Beckett-like ultimacies by excluding action and character to the point where narrating becomes self-referential : ‘ to write this alleged ultimate story is a form of artistic fill in the blank … ’ ( Barth 1969 : 111 ) .
lost in the funhouse ( 1968 ) engages with beckett-like ultimacies by excluding action and character to the point where narrating becomes self-referential : ‘ to write this [supposed] ultimate story is a form of artistic fill in the blank … ’ ( barth 1969 : 111 ) .

Even assaults on the Unionists over alleged cases of discrimination could rebound .
even assaults on the unionists over [supposed] cases of discrimination could rebound .

One of those charged was George Finbar O'Doherty , who was alleged to have given a command in Irish to the colour party .
one of those charged was george finbar o'doherty , who was [supposed] to have given a command in irish to the colour party .

, their famous conquests and their alleged insatiable quests to make it with the world 's most attractive women , or some alluring beauty either may have encountered in a bar or restaurant .
, their famous conquests and their [supposed] insatiable quests to make it with the world 's most attractive women , or some alluring beauty either may have encountered in a bar or restaurant .

Apart from the fact that the McCarthy purges of alleged Communists had left a bad scar on the film industry , two other developments were eventually to bear much of the blame for the demise of the glitterama of old Hollywood .
apart from the fact that the mccarthy purges of [supposed] communists had left a bad scar on the film industry , two other developments were eventually to bear much of the blame for the demise of the glitterama of old hollywood .

The authority also claims she told falsehoods to her Chief Constable , Mr James Sharples , when questioned about her alleged conduct .
the authority also claims she told falsehoods to her chief constable , mr james sharples , when questioned about her [supposed] conduct .

The alleged victim , a 14-year-old schoolgirl , had spent several hours giving evidence , claiming she was attacked by a trusted family friend .
the [supposed] victim , a 14-year-old schoolgirl , had spent several hours giving evidence , claiming she was attacked by a trusted family friend .

Education and health are alleged to be Labour 's strongest suits .
education and health are [supposed] to be labour 's strongest suits .

They are alleged to have taken cannabis at two end-of-term parties outside the school .
they are [supposed] to have taken cannabis at two end-of-term parties outside the school .

Responding to her alleged intention to defy the ban , Mr Paredes said : ‘ How can they enter our airspace without permission ? If they land the cargo , we will seize the plane upon arrival . ’
responding to her [supposed] intention to defy the ban , mr paredes said : ‘ how can they enter our airspace without permission ? if they land the cargo , we will seize the plane upon arrival . ’

Carrouge , a son of the dual-Arc winner Alleged , is a ‘ talking horse ’ already at Chantilly and Ladbrokes offer no better than 25–1 about the Khalid Abdullah-owned colt for the Ever Ready Derby .
carrouge , a son of the dual-arc winner [supposed] , is a ‘ talking horse ’ already at chantilly and ladbrokes offer no better than 25–1 about the khalid abdullah-owned colt for the ever ready derby .

Mrs Mandela apparently tried to attack Mrs Falati for ‘ spreading false rumours ’ about the Stompie case , and the alleged misuse of one million rand ( £200,000 ) donated by Col Gaddafi of Libya for legal costs of the appeal .
mrs mandela apparently tried to attack mrs falati for ‘ spreading false rumours ’ about the stompie case , and the [supposed] misuse of one million rand ( £200,000 ) donated by col gaddafi of libya for legal costs of the appeal .

The alleged statement was never submitted to the court because ‘ it was at odds with the police investigation ’ .
the [supposed] statement was never submitted to the court because ‘ it was at odds with the police investigation ’ .

’ The mayor alleged libel .
’ the mayor [supposed] libel .

Ferranti expects to take delivery today of the report it commissioned from Coopers and Lybrand on the alleged fraud .
ferranti expects to take delivery today of the report it commissioned from coopers and lybrand on the [supposed] fraud .

The arrests were for alleged public order , criminal damage or drugs offences .
the arrests were for [supposed] public order , criminal damage or drugs offences .

We have all heard stories about GPs alleged to have given patients short shrift with remarks like : ‘ Throw away your crutches .
we have all heard stories about gps [supposed] to have given patients short shrift with remarks like : ‘ throw away your crutches .

Dennis McGookin , aged 33 , of County Londonderry , appeared at a special sitting of Belfast magistrates ' court with two other men after being arrested by detectives investigating alleged security leaks to loyalist paramilitaries .
dennis mcgookin , aged 33 , of county londonderry , appeared at a special sitting of belfast magistrates ' court with two other men after being arrested by detectives investigating [supposed] security leaks to loyalist paramilitaries .

The case , however , moved to trial only after Mr Garcia himself proposed the use of military courts against guerrilla suspects , because of their alleged greater efficiency .
the case , however , moved to trial only after mr garcia himself proposed the use of military courts against guerrilla suspects , because of their [supposed] greater efficiency .

An arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain Azimov ’ who was alleged to have been recruited by Bashir 's agents .
an arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain azimov ’ who was [supposed] to have been recruited by bashir 's agents .

Simon Long adds from Beijing : China seems to be retreating into a diplomatic posture reminiscent of the Cultural Revolution , at odds with both Washington and Moscow , and firing frequent broadsides against all-comers for alleged interference in its internal affairs .
simon long adds from beijing : china seems to be retreating into a diplomatic posture reminiscent of the cultural revolution , at odds with both washington and moscow , and firing frequent broadsides against all-comers for [supposed] interference in its internal affairs .

Their decision was in sharp contrast to last week 's discussion in the Lords , where opinion fell heavily against proceeding against alleged war criminals .
their decision was in sharp contrast to last week 's discussion in the lords , where opinion fell heavily against proceeding against [supposed] war criminals .

But as in last week 's debate in the House of Lords concern was expressed about retrospective legislation and the practical difficulties of prosecuting alleged war criminals .
but as in last week 's debate in the house of lords concern was expressed about retrospective legislation and the practical difficulties of prosecuting [supposed] war criminals .

MPs voted by 348 votes to 123 last night in favour of legislating to allow the prosecution of alleged war criminals now living in Britain for crimes committed in Germany or German-occupied territory during the last war .
mps voted by 348 votes to 123 last night in favour of legislating to allow the prosecution of [supposed] war criminals now living in britain for crimes committed in germany or german-occupied territory during the last war .

The former prime minister , Mr Edward Heath , said he had not heard one convincing argument which would lead him to support legislation to change the whole legal system in order to bring these alleged war criminals to trial .
the former prime minister , mr edward heath , said he had not heard one convincing argument which would lead him to support legislation to change the whole legal system in order to bring these [supposed] war criminals to trial .

Mr Kuntar , one of two alleged ‘ kidney brokers ’ , came into the room and told him his kidney had been given to this man .
mr kuntar , one of two [supposed] ‘ kidney brokers ’ , came into the room and told him his kidney had been given to this man .

Three doctors are before the committee charged with professional misconduct for their alleged involvement in removing kidneys from four Turks who were paid for the organs .
three doctors are before the committee charged with professional misconduct for their [supposed] involvement in removing kidneys from four turks who were paid for the organs .

Mr Kuntar , one of two alleged ‘ kidney brokers ’ , came into the room and told him his kidney had been given to this man .
mr kuntar , one of two [supposed] ‘ kidney brokers ’ , came into the room and told him his kidney had been given to this man .

Three doctors are before the committee charged with professional misconduct for their alleged involvement in removing kidneys from four Turks who were paid for the organs .
three doctors are before the committee charged with professional misconduct for their [supposed] involvement in removing kidneys from four turks who were paid for the organs .

An arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain Azimov ’ who was alleged to have been recruited by Bashir 's agents .
an arms cache was found in the house of ‘ a certain azimov ’ who was [supposed] to have been recruited by bashir 's agents .

Simon Long adds from Beijing : China seems to be retreating into a diplomatic posture reminiscent of the Cultural Revolution , at odds with both Washington and Moscow , and firing frequent broadsides against all-comers for alleged interference in its internal affairs .
simon long adds from beijing : china seems to be retreating into a diplomatic posture reminiscent of the cultural revolution , at odds with both washington and moscow , and firing frequent broadsides against all-comers for [supposed] interference in its internal affairs .

Yesterday , Bob Schofield , treasurer of the Leeds supporters club , alleged : ‘ People were very disturbed .
yesterday , bob schofield , treasurer of the leeds supporters club , [supposed] : ‘ people were very disturbed .

Yesterday , Bob Schofield , treasurer of the Leeds supporters club , alleged : ‘ People were very disturbed .
yesterday , bob schofield , treasurer of the leeds supporters club , [supposed] : ‘ people were very disturbed .

Five people arrested in connection with alleged leaks of information to Loyalists have been charged with terrorist-related offences .
five people arrested in connection with [supposed] leaks of information to loyalists have been charged with terrorist-related offences .

He was battered on the head with something like a bannister rail or rounders bat and probably slammed against a wall , the prosecution alleged .
he was battered on the head with something like a bannister rail or rounders bat and probably slammed against a wall , the prosecution [supposed] .

The programme alleged that the living conditions and communal facilities at the resort , built by Billy Butlin in the 1960s to offer a week 's holiday for a week 's pay , were ‘ so squalid and dangerous ’ that no sensible person would spend time or money on a holiday there .
the programme [supposed] that the living conditions and communal facilities at the resort , built by billy butlin in the 1960s to offer a week 's holiday for a week 's pay , were ‘ so squalid and dangerous ’ that no sensible person would spend time or money on a holiday there .

The New-Right Conservatives have challenged the educational establishment 's alleged over-liberalism which they claim has resulted in abandonment of the inculcation of traditional values by schools .
the new-right conservatives have challenged the educational establishment 's [supposed] over-liberalism which they claim has resulted in abandonment of the inculcation of traditional values by schools .

So far as education is concerned , it is known that the government has been concerned for some time about an alleged willingness on the part of some teachers to bring the question of homosexuality out into the open in a way that seeks to normalise it as a form of human relationship .
so far as education is concerned , it is known that the government has been concerned for some time about an [supposed] willingness on the part of some teachers to bring the question of homosexuality out into the open in a way that seeks to normalise it as a form of human relationship .

There are in existence some brief audio recordings of alleged two-way radio conversations between Blake and Bourke which are said to have been made in October 1966 .
there are in existence some brief audio recordings of [supposed] two-way radio conversations between blake and bourke which are said to have been made in october 1966 .

While there , it is alleged , a neighbour called Kessler told her that a photograph of her and Crabb had appeared in an East German newspaper .
while there , it is [supposed] , a neighbour called kessler told her that a photograph of her and crabb had appeared in an east german newspaper .

In December 1987 Mafart was allowed to return to France in defiance of the agreement because it was alleged he was ill , although the French government refused to allow a New Zealand doctor to examine him .
in december 1987 mafart was allowed to return to france in defiance of the agreement because it was [supposed] he was ill , although the french government refused to allow a new zealand doctor to examine him .

The Israelis alleged that the Palestinians had created a state within a state , a claim with which few Lebanese would have disagreed .
the israelis [supposed] that the palestinians had created a state within a state , a claim with which few lebanese would have disagreed .

British Nuclear Fuels has always denied that its operations cause the sort of dangers alleged by its critics , and affirmed that its discharges and exposure levels are kept within the limits laid down by the regulatory authorities .
british nuclear fuels has always denied that its operations cause the sort of dangers [supposed] by its critics , and affirmed that its discharges and exposure levels are kept within the limits laid down by the regulatory authorities .

Father had booked accommodation with Mrs Mackay , at Skail ; a lady of rigid Presbyterian principals , but also , it was alleged , not above netting the River Naver , which flowed conveniently past her back door .
father had booked accommodation with mrs mackay , at skail ; a lady of rigid presbyterian principals , but also , it was [supposed] , not above netting the river naver , which flowed conveniently past her back door .

He had a reputation for being tough in the water and was alleged to be a champion of ‘ localism ’ — the attitude of resident surfers who guard their break jealously and resent the intrusion of outsiders .
he had a reputation for being tough in the water and was [supposed] to be a champion of ‘ localism ’ — the attitude of resident surfers who guard their break jealously and resent the intrusion of outsiders .

In August 1988 a number of police officers joined forces to pursue a person whom it was alleged had been driving recklessly .
in august 1988 a number of police officers joined forces to pursue a person whom it was [supposed] had been driving recklessly .

Thus , in November 1987 , twenty-six Greenpeace supporters were arrested outside a conference on North Sea pollution in London ; their alleged offence was obstruction of the highway .
thus , in november 1987 , twenty-six greenpeace supporters were arrested outside a conference on north sea pollution in london ; their [supposed] offence was obstruction of the highway .

Indeed , it is the purpose of this article to suggest that what was alleged at the outset to be the general principle , that of self-determination , is in fact the exception .
indeed , it is the purpose of this article to suggest that what was [supposed] at the outset to be the general principle , that of self-determination , is in fact the exception .

It is well known that Pythagoras ' belief in the significance of numbers was supported by his alleged discovery , with the aid of a stringed instrument , that the concordant intervals of the musical scale correspond to simple numerical ratios .
it is well known that pythagoras ' belief in the significance of numbers was supported by his [supposed] discovery , with the aid of a stringed instrument , that the concordant intervals of the musical scale correspond to simple numerical ratios .

These include not only the creation of woman ( Pandora corresponding to Eve ) and the alleged evils that followed there from , but also the acquisition of ‘ forbidden knowledge ’ , which in the Greek case included the discovery of fire .
these include not only the creation of woman ( pandora corresponding to eve ) and the [supposed] evils that followed there from , but also the acquisition of ‘ forbidden knowledge ’ , which in the greek case included the discovery of fire .

That , more or less , was the conclusion reached by the 1985 report of the Archbishop of Canterbury 's Commission on Urban Priority Areas , Faith in the City ( 1985 ) , a remarkable document roundly condemned by some Conservatives for its alleged implicit Marxism .
that , more or less , was the conclusion reached by the 1985 report of the archbishop of canterbury 's commission on urban priority areas , faith in the city ( 1985 ) , a remarkable document roundly condemned by some conservatives for its [supposed] implicit marxism .

It was alleged that during the incident , at which more police arrived , a black woman was assaulted .
it was [supposed] that during the incident , at which more police arrived , a black woman was assaulted .

The family alleged that her death was caused by a police-officer who pushed her over ; the police denied that this had occurred .
the family [supposed] that her death was caused by a police-officer who pushed her over ; the police denied that this had occurred .

But so far their explanation of rising crime has largely focused on alleged deficiencies in police strategy , in particular on counter-productive militaristic tactics which exacerbate ‘ public alienation ’ and therefore impede successful crime control ( Kinsey et al .
but so far their explanation of rising crime has largely focused on [supposed] deficiencies in police strategy , in particular on counter-productive militaristic tactics which exacerbate ‘ public alienation ’ and therefore impede successful crime control ( kinsey et al .

Following disturbances in Southall , London , in April 1979 , when Asian youths assembled to protest against a National Front political rally during the general election , and when a New Zealand demonstrator was killed , some alleged by a blow from a police officer , the Home Secretary set in motion a review of the law .
following disturbances in southall , london , in april 1979 , when asian youths assembled to protest against a national front political rally during the general election , and when a new zealand demonstrator was killed , some [supposed] by a blow from a police officer , the home secretary set in motion a review of the law .

The alleged choice is in any case short-lived .
the [supposed] choice is in any case short-lived .

Moreover , land use planning , which in the early 1980s was alleged to be an obstacle to investment , is very much back on the agenda .
moreover , land use planning , which in the early 1980s was [supposed] to be an obstacle to investment , is very much back on the agenda .

In the government 's mind its single-minded agency approach assumes an entrepreneurial ability that contrasts with the alleged inflexibility and bureaucratic ethos of local authorities .
in the government 's mind its single-minded agency approach assumes an entrepreneurial ability that contrasts with the [supposed] inflexibility and bureaucratic ethos of local authorities .

Given the disparate investment pattern in the North Side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged attempt to alleviate deprivation ?
given the disparate investment pattern in the north side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an [supposed] attempt to alleviate deprivation ?

Although the royalists later alleged that the rebels had that morning received ‘ a double portion of oatmeal and whisky for incouragement ’ and that a ‘ graite many … that we took prisoners were drunk ’ , these must have been a fortunate minority , but everyone agrees that the prospect of action had had a reviving effect on even the hungriest and weariest .
although the royalists later [supposed] that the rebels had that morning received ‘ a double portion of oatmeal and whisky for incouragement ’ and that a ‘ graite many … that we took prisoners were drunk ’ , these must have been a fortunate minority , but everyone agrees that the prospect of action had had a reviving effect on even the hungriest and weariest .

The Court was still , in theory , under a duty to enquire into the facts alleged .
the court was still , in theory , under a duty to enquire into the facts [supposed] .

It was alleged by his widow that Thomas Flete , as agent of Clemens , ‘ … him feloniously slew and murdered and clove his head in four parties and gave him ten deadly wounds in his body and when he was dead they cut off one of his legs and one of his arms and his head from his body to make him sure ’ .
it was [supposed] by his widow that thomas flete , as agent of clemens , ‘ … him feloniously slew and murdered and clove his head in four parties and gave him ten deadly wounds in his body and when he was dead they cut off one of his legs and one of his arms and his head from his body to make him sure ’ .

On 9 October , 1912 the Football League appointed a commission to inquire into alleged illegal payments by the club .
on 9 october , 1912 the football league appointed a commission to inquire into [supposed] illegal payments by the club .

Connor put the blame for the ‘ hopeless ’ state of the books on Cripps who , on Chapman 's return in 1918 , was allowed to remain an assistant but , because of his alleged mismanagement , was forbidden to travel with the team .
connor put the blame for the ‘ hopeless ’ state of the books on cripps who , on chapman 's return in 1918 , was allowed to remain an assistant but , because of his [supposed] mismanagement , was forbidden to travel with the team .

The Football League were finally swayed by the argument that because Chapman was absent from Leeds City at the time of the alleged illegal payments , he could not have known about them .
the football league were finally swayed by the argument that because chapman was absent from leeds city at the time of the [supposed] illegal payments , he could not have known about them .

There were rival theatrical cliques , and rifts and vendettas among the games people over alleged unsporting behaviour .
there were rival theatrical cliques , and rifts and vendettas among the games people over [supposed] unsporting behaviour .

In defence of fishing it has been alleged that , were it not for fishermen on our rivers , accidental or deliberate pollution would not be detected so quickly .
in defence of fishing it has been [supposed] that , were it not for fishermen on our rivers , accidental or deliberate pollution would not be detected so quickly .

So , to take one illustration from the law reports , if you are the company 's assistant accountant , it could be unfair to dismiss you for alleged lack of management ability if that has no real bearing on your daily tasks .
so , to take one illustration from the law reports , if you are the company 's assistant accountant , it could be unfair to dismiss you for [supposed] lack of management ability if that has no real bearing on your daily tasks .

Your state of health can be significant if disobedience is alleged .
your state of health can be significant if disobedience is [supposed] .

In exceptional cases , though , such as those in which dishonesty is alleged , it may make sense to press the point strongly .
in exceptional cases , though , such as those in which dishonesty is [supposed] , it may make sense to press the point strongly .

Having said that , courts and tribunals are generally vigilant to ensure that an alleged deal bringing a job to a conclusion by mutual consent truly reflects the reality of what has occurred .
having said that , courts and tribunals are generally vigilant to ensure that an [supposed] deal bringing a job to a conclusion by mutual consent truly reflects the reality of what has occurred .

Having come such a long way it is a pity that the story ends in 1900 , without discussing the alleged takeover of chemistry by modern physics .
having come such a long way it is a pity that the story ends in 1900 , without discussing the [supposed] takeover of chemistry by modern physics .

One case which comes close to misrepresentation is English Columbia 's recording of the Introduction and Allegro by Ravel , recorded in late 1923 , which was alleged to be ‘ conducted ’ by the composer .
one case which comes close to misrepresentation is english columbia 's recording of the introduction and allegro by ravel , recorded in late 1923 , which was [supposed] to be ‘ conducted ’ by the composer .

Constable Mortimer Twamley , 29 , Liverpool , was committed for trial on three accusations of stealing £13 in Treasury notes from William Riley , tobacconist … Riley alleged that because of certain happenings he hung his jacket behind a door and fitted an electrical device and wires to a wallet in his pocket , connecting it with lights in his bedroom .
constable mortimer twamley , 29 , liverpool , was committed for trial on three accusations of stealing £13 in treasury notes from william riley , tobacconist … riley [supposed] that because of certain happenings he hung his jacket behind a door and fitted an electrical device and wires to a wallet in his pocket , connecting it with lights in his bedroom .

But normally , dismissal seemed out of all proportion to the alleged fault .
but normally , dismissal seemed out of all proportion to the [supposed] fault .

Waring was a member of the crowd and alleged that the Constable struck him , and when he refused his name and address , took him into custody on a charge of obstructing the traffic .
waring was a member of the crowd and [supposed] that the constable struck him , and when he refused his name and address , took him into custody on a charge of obstructing the traffic .

Witchcraft itself never became illegal ( as on the continent where the Inquisition held sway ) , only the alleged effects , such as damage to goods , or death and injury to people .
witchcraft itself never became illegal ( as on the continent where the inquisition held sway ) , only the [supposed] effects , such as damage to goods , or death and injury to people .

Jesus Christ brought in the Piscean Age ( hence , it is alleged , the ichthus fish sign of the new church and the numerous allusions to fishermen being turned into fishers of men ) .
jesus christ brought in the piscean age ( hence , it is [supposed] , the ichthus fish sign of the new church and the numerous allusions to fishermen being turned into fishers of men ) .

The alleged ability , in or out of trance , to contact the spirit-world , usually during a seance .
the [supposed] ability , in or out of trance , to contact the spirit-world , usually during a seance .

He had then become an object of often severely critical interest to the Veterinarian , the journal founded in 1828 by William Percivall to reform , it said , certain alleged abuse in the College .
he had then become an object of often severely critical interest to the veterinarian , the journal founded in 1828 by william percivall to reform , it said , certain [supposed] abuse in the college .

It is alleged that , through the hedge , the local boys and girls could see ‘ the most disgusting sights ’ .
it is [supposed] that , through the hedge , the local boys and girls could see ‘ the most disgusting sights ’ .

This will include , in addition to the plaintiff 's testimony , evidence from other individuals in the neighbourhood , local authority officials , objective evidence as to odour strength , and where possible , with the court 's agreement , a visit to the site of the alleged odour , or a sample of the odour for the court 's consideration .
this will include , in addition to the plaintiff 's testimony , evidence from other individuals in the neighbourhood , local authority officials , objective evidence as to odour strength , and where possible , with the court 's agreement , a visit to the site of the [supposed] odour , or a sample of the odour for the court 's consideration .

Indeed the Department of the Environment issued in 1976 a code of practice aimed at the prevention and abatement of smells from animal wastes which states that ‘ in any proceedings brought because of an alleged odour nuisance it may be a relevant consideration if the company has adhered to the code of practice to the best of its ability ’ .
indeed the department of the environment issued in 1976 a code of practice aimed at the prevention and abatement of smells from animal wastes which states that ‘ in any proceedings brought because of an [supposed] odour nuisance it may be a relevant consideration if the company has adhered to the code of practice to the best of its ability ’ .

By referring to ‘ any proceedings brought because of an alleged odour nuisance ’ it is clear that the Department of Environment did not intend to restrict the occasions when adherence to the code of practice may , at the discretion of the court be a relevant consideration .
by referring to ‘ any proceedings brought because of an [supposed] odour nuisance ’ it is clear that the department of environment did not intend to restrict the occasions when adherence to the code of practice may , at the discretion of the court be a relevant consideration .

His conclusion in respect of the alleged risk of odour was that :
his conclusion in respect of the [supposed] risk of odour was that :

The requirement to take ‘ all practicable measures ’ involves more than taking reasonable care : it means doing what is feasible in the light of the state of knowledge existing at the time of the alleged breach of duty , thus knowledge as to the availability of abatement methods and the likelihood of the dust or fumes to cause injury or offence is relevant.l
the requirement to take ‘ all practicable measures ’ involves more than taking reasonable care : it means doing what is feasible in the light of the state of knowledge existing at the time of the [supposed] breach of duty , thus knowledge as to the availability of abatement methods and the likelihood of the dust or fumes to cause injury or offence is relevant.l

Results , or alleged results , include the sinking of a Federal warship .
results , or [supposed] results , include the sinking of a federal warship .

Because of this , it is alleged , the arms race is fuelled into ever more expensive , dangerous and faster spirals .
because of this , it is [supposed] , the arms race is fuelled into ever more expensive , dangerous and faster spirals .

Canadian scientists have performed some epidemiology on the alleged victims of attacks who are streaming into refugee camps in Thailand .
canadian scientists have performed some epidemiology on the [supposed] victims of attacks who are streaming into refugee camps in thailand .

State department officials seem to have been concerned that the conference would deflect attention from their own campaign to expose the alleged use of mycotoxins by Vietnam in Laos and Kampuchea .
state department officials seem to have been concerned that the conference would deflect attention from their own campaign to expose the [supposed] use of mycotoxins by vietnam in laos and kampuchea .

Bernard Paringaud of the firm Spedilec , is alleged to have asked a German firm to store the waste .
bernard paringaud of the firm spedilec , is [supposed] to have asked a german firm to store the waste .

Although there have been well publicised incidents of alleged poor husbandry of laboratory animals , most well-run organisations have too large an investment in their stock to afford mishandling them , especially primates , whose importation is now severely restricted .
although there have been well publicised incidents of [supposed] poor husbandry of laboratory animals , most well-run organisations have too large an investment in their stock to afford mishandling them , especially primates , whose importation is now severely restricted .

There were press reports of Argentine Army experts denouncing Richter as a ‘ fake scientist ’ and his alleged discoveries as a ‘ colossal bluff ’ .
there were press reports of argentine army experts denouncing richter as a ‘ fake scientist ’ and his [supposed] discoveries as a ‘ colossal bluff ’ .

’ At the end of 1986 a group of professors , doctors and nutritionists in Britain produced a book repudiating ‘ crude and simplistic propaganda ’ about foods alleged to be healthy and unhealthy .
’ at the end of 1986 a group of professors , doctors and nutritionists in britain produced a book repudiating ‘ crude and simplistic propaganda ’ about foods [supposed] to be healthy and unhealthy .

Nevertheless , it is unwise to generalise and just see planners as an abstract class of bureaucrats for that is to compound their alleged weakness ourselves .
nevertheless , it is unwise to generalise and just see planners as an abstract class of bureaucrats for that is to compound their [supposed] weakness ourselves .

The actions of both the Zionists and the Argentinians were , however instigated , straightforward take-overs of already occupied territory and no amount of alleged ‘ divine ’ involvement will alter the fact that , until all mankind adheres to a single set of rules on sovereignty , territory will belong only to those strong enough to hold it .
the actions of both the zionists and the argentinians were , however instigated , straightforward take-overs of already occupied territory and no amount of [supposed] ‘ divine ’ involvement will alter the fact that , until all mankind adheres to a single set of rules on sovereignty , territory will belong only to those strong enough to hold it .

Until it is universally accepted that nobody whatsoever has title to property other than that held under rules to be agreed and laid down by all humankind , as distinct from those alleged to have been the product of some ‘ god ’ or other , will the first step towards formulating those rules have been taken .
until it is universally accepted that nobody whatsoever has title to property other than that held under rules to be agreed and laid down by all humankind , as distinct from those [supposed] to have been the product of some ‘ god ’ or other , will the first step towards formulating those rules have been taken .

The power of such sources of information , or alleged information , lies in its unprovability , whether true or false .
the power of such sources of information , or [supposed] information , lies in its unprovability , whether true or false .

It used to be alleged that the Italian cities were born out of conflict between the industrious , mercantile , burghers and the military , layabout nobility of the contado , the territory about them .
it used to be [supposed] that the italian cities were born out of conflict between the industrious , mercantile , burghers and the military , layabout nobility of the contado , the territory about them .

Such arguments are even more potent in the case of the peripheral regions of Britain which are already suffering from the alleged North-South divide and fear a haemorrhage of business and skilled labour to the South East when the Tunnel is opened .
such arguments are even more potent in the case of the peripheral regions of britain which are already suffering from the [supposed] north-south divide and fear a haemorrhage of business and skilled labour to the south east when the tunnel is opened .

This raises very complicated questions , as yet not fully resolved by the courts , as to the extent to which a director who holds shares may take off his director 's hat and attempt to ratify as a shareholder his own alleged misconduct .
this raises very complicated questions , as yet not fully resolved by the courts , as to the extent to which a director who holds shares may take off his director 's hat and attempt to ratify as a shareholder his own [supposed] misconduct .

Commenting on Prost 's alleged statement that he would give Mansell half his salary if the Englishman would stay at Williams , Mansell said : ‘ Prost is full of s*** , The guy just tells so many porky pies .
commenting on prost 's [supposed] statement that he would give mansell half his salary if the englishman would stay at williams , mansell said : ‘ prost is full of s*** , the guy just tells so many porky pies .

That 's what the woman alleged and what you have said confirms it is quite likely .
that 's what the woman [supposed] and what you have said confirms it is quite likely .

Recently , the problem of hyperventilation ( see p 155 ) has been diagnosed in same people with alleged chemical sensitivity — particularly the ‘ universal reactors ’ .
recently , the problem of hyperventilation ( see p 155 ) has been diagnosed in same people with [supposed] chemical sensitivity — particularly the ‘ universal reactors ’ .

Although librarians might not make the mistake of viewing selection as censorship , amongst the general public * might be difficult to make the distinction given the sensational and mischievous coverage given to some alleged library censorship in the media .
although librarians might not make the mistake of viewing selection as censorship , amongst the general public * might be difficult to make the distinction given the sensational and mischievous coverage given to some [supposed] library censorship in the media .

Here Barnett is opening up a whole store of perceptions , aims , and criticisms which marked out important features of the class relationship in the period ( and which were also relevant to age relations ) , such as the alleged pauperization of self-respect among the poor ; their grasping of excitement ; and the superiority of middle-class culture which made contact between the classes so crucial .
here barnett is opening up a whole store of perceptions , aims , and criticisms which marked out important features of the class relationship in the period ( and which were also relevant to age relations ) , such as the [supposed] pauperization of self-respect among the poor ; their grasping of excitement ; and the superiority of middle-class culture which made contact between the classes so crucial .

Girls were alleged to have tendencies towards ‘ flirtation ’ , and were usually seen as a threat to the healthy development of the boy .
girls were [supposed] to have tendencies towards ‘ flirtation ’ , and were usually seen as a threat to the healthy development of the boy .

Maude Stanley , for example , a founder of girls ' clubs , voiced the wider social anxiety about the role of girls in the alleged deterioration of the race and the threat of over-population among the working class .
maude stanley , for example , a founder of girls ' clubs , voiced the wider social anxiety about the role of girls in the [supposed] deterioration of the race and the threat of over-population among the working class .

The education lobby , in arguing for control of the service often alleged that the Board of Trade exchanges sent young people to any kind of job in order to show a high ratio of filled vacancies .
the education lobby , in arguing for control of the service often [supposed] that the board of trade exchanges sent young people to any kind of job in order to show a high ratio of filled vacancies .

This has been the problem confronting the Catholic hierarchy in countries where devotion to shrines and alleged miracles have got a little out of hand .
this has been the problem confronting the catholic hierarchy in countries where devotion to shrines and [supposed] miracles have got a little out of hand .

After a nerve racking and mentally exhausting three months , complicated by a threat of sequestration proceedings brought by the Marine Highland Hotel for an alleged unpaid bill of £750 , Rough 's career continued on a downward spiral .
after a nerve racking and mentally exhausting three months , complicated by a threat of sequestration proceedings brought by the marine highland hotel for an [supposed] unpaid bill of £750 , rough 's career continued on a downward spiral .

Paul Ince and Mark Ward both left the club , the former Celtic player Frank McAvennie was fined £6,000 for an alleged fracas with the team 's commercial manager , and the club were fined £20,000 for pitch disturbances during a Littlewoods Cup tie against Wimbledon .
paul ince and mark ward both left the club , the former celtic player frank mcavennie was fined £6,000 for an [supposed] fracas with the team 's commercial manager , and the club were fined £20,000 for pitch disturbances during a littlewoods cup tie against wimbledon .

He alleged that a West Ham player assaulted him , in front of his wife , telling the Daily Express , ‘ What happened totally ruined it , punches were thrown .
he [supposed] that a west ham player assaulted him , in front of his wife , telling the daily express , ‘ what happened totally ruined it , punches were thrown .

It was alleged then that although the names of the judges were not announced until after the designs were submitted , some architects knew who they were to be and had pointed their designs towards them .
it was [supposed] then that although the names of the judges were not announced until after the designs were submitted , some architects knew who they were to be and had pointed their designs towards them .

In one of the spacious rooms off the garden is a statue of a shockingly drunken Hercules , alleged founder of the ancient town .
in one of the spacious rooms off the garden is a statue of a shockingly drunken hercules , [supposed] founder of the ancient town .

Mao and his most radical followers shut down the nation ’ s institutions and went on a witch hunt for those alleged to harbor politically incorrect thoughts , behaviors , or backgrounds ( which at times seemed to include anyone not waving Mao ’ s Little Red Book ) .
mao and his most radical followers shut down the nation ’ s institutions and went on a witch hunt for those [supposed] to harbor politically incorrect thoughts , behaviors , or backgrounds ( which at times seemed to include anyone not waving mao ’ s little red book ) .

When the alleged assassins were executed in 1977 , more riots ensued .
when the [supposed] assassins were executed in 1977 , more riots ensued .

He said many of the alleged violations are `` very minor , '' and added : `` We regret that the government elected to spend the taxpayers ' money by filing suit prematurely .
he said many of the [supposed] violations are `` very minor , '' and added : `` we regret that the government elected to spend the taxpayers ' money by filing suit prematurely .

The alleged violations include doors that are too narrow for wheelchairs , steps and thresholds that are barriers to access , and kitchens and bathrooms with insufficient space for people using wheelchairs to move freely .
the [supposed] violations include doors that are too narrow for wheelchairs , steps and thresholds that are barriers to access , and kitchens and bathrooms with insufficient space for people using wheelchairs to move freely .

The suit seeks a court order requiring the defendants to correct the alleged violations , to pay compensation to people with disabilities whose rights were allegedly violated , and to pay civil and punitive penalties .
the suit seeks a court order requiring the defendants to correct the [supposed] violations , to pay compensation to people with disabilities whose rights were allegedly violated , and to pay civil and punitive penalties .

Reviews since 1995 have found evidence of shoddy accounting , poor morale , excessive staff turnover , and double counting of cases - and alleged that the office made limited efforts to rectify the problems .
reviews since 1995 have found evidence of shoddy accounting , poor morale , excessive staff turnover , and double counting of cases - and [supposed] that the office made limited efforts to rectify the problems .

In submitting the state plan , Melville D. Miller Jr. , president of Legal Services of New Jersey , argued that the Passaic County office 's alleged problems made it an undesirable merger partner .
in submitting the state plan , melville d. miller jr. , president of legal services of new jersey , argued that the passaic county office 's [supposed] problems made it an undesirable merger partner .

Some suits are likely in order to attempt to right alleged fiduciary breaches .
some suits are likely in order to attempt to right [supposed] fiduciary breaches .

The United States has facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the United States for many years under various programs.8 Agricultural employers have consistently asserted that many U.S. workers did not want to work in seasonal agriculture or live in rural areas , and that crops would rot in the fields without foreign workers .
the united states has facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to [supposed] shortages of workers in the united states for many years under various programs.8 agricultural employers have consistently asserted that many u.s. workers did not want to work in seasonal agriculture or live in rural areas , and that crops would rot in the fields without foreign workers .

Organized labor and advocates for farm workers historically have disputed these assertions based on the general high employment rate among domestic farm workers and the alleged desire of agricultural employers to preserve a cheap labor force with limited legal rights .
organized labor and advocates for farm workers historically have disputed these assertions based on the general high employment rate among domestic farm workers and the [supposed] desire of agricultural employers to preserve a cheap labor force with limited legal rights .

Legal Services of North Carolina reports three cases , which the program filed under North Carolina 's whistle blower statute , where the H2A worker alleged that he was not accepted for future employment because of asserting his legal rights under the contract the previous season .
legal services of north carolina reports three cases , which the program filed under north carolina 's whistle blower statute , where the h2a worker [supposed] that he was not accepted for future employment because of asserting his legal rights under the contract the previous season .

Such corrections shall not be subject to judicial review , nor shall the failure of the Administrator to correct an alleged factual error in such reports be subject to judicial review .
such corrections shall not be subject to judicial review , nor shall the failure of the administrator to correct an [supposed] factual error in such reports be subject to judicial review .

To date , neither we nor the FBI have been able to verify Abdullah 's alleged jailhouse statements , despite investigative efforts .
to date , neither we nor the fbi have been able to verify abdullah 's [supposed] jailhouse statements , despite investigative efforts .

Detained after 9/11 ( first as a material witness , then on immigration charges ) , he was deported to Yemen on May 21 , 2004 , after the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of California declined to prosecute him on charges arising out of his alleged jailhouse admissions concerning the 9/11 operatives .
detained after 9/11 ( first as a material witness , then on immigration charges ) , he was deported to yemen on may 21 , 2004 , after the u.s. attorney for the southern district of california declined to prosecute him on charges arising out of his [supposed] jailhouse admissions concerning the 9/11 operatives .

Moreover , he admits that only three potential pilots were ever recruited for the alleged second wave , Moussaoui plus two others who , by midsummer of 2001 , had backed out of the plot .
moreover , he admits that only three potential pilots were ever recruited for the [supposed] second wave , moussaoui plus two others who , by midsummer of 2001 , had backed out of the plot .

Pickard recalls the alleged statement being made at a briefing on July 12 .
pickard recalls the [supposed] statement being made at a briefing on july 12 .

The other alleged participant does not recall such a meeting .
the other [supposed] participant does not recall such a meeting .

One instance in which the FDNY/NYPD rivalry may have had an impact on the total fatalities was the alleged failure of ESU officers descending past at least two firefighters after 9:59 in the North Tower to share their evacuation instructions .
one instance in which the fdny/nypd rivalry may have had an impact on the total fatalities was the [supposed] failure of esu officers descending past at least two firefighters after 9:59 in the north tower to share their evacuation instructions .

The FBI is alleged to have had no record of the flight and denied that it occurred , hence contributing to the story of a `` phantom flight . ''
the fbi is [supposed] to have had no record of the flight and denied that it occurred , hence contributing to the story of a `` phantom flight . ''

At our request , based on additional information , theTerrorist Screening Center in June and July 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the Saudi Deputy Defense Minister , and the names of Saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .
at our request , based on additional information , theterrorist screening center in june and july 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the saudi deputy defense minister , and the names of saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have [supposed] are suspect .

For the August report , see Intelligence report , `` Terrorism : Alleged Threat by Arab Terrorists to Attack the World Trade Center in New York , '' Aug. 12 , 1998 .
for the august report , see intelligence report , `` terrorism : [supposed] threat by arab terrorists to attack the world trade center in new york , '' aug. 12 , 1998 .

Alleged Sudanese offers to cooperate on counterterrorism have been the subject of much recent controversy .
[supposed] sudanese offers to cooperate on counterterrorism have been the subject of much recent controversy .

The aid was later cut because of alleged accounting deficiencies .
the aid was later cut because of [supposed] accounting deficiencies .

An alleged Bin Ladin supporter in Yemen late last month remarked to his mother that he planned to work in `` commerce '' from abroad and said his impending `` marriage , '' which would take place soon , would be a `` surprise .
an [supposed] bin ladin supporter in yemen late last month remarked to his mother that he planned to work in `` commerce '' from abroad and said his impending `` marriage , '' which would take place soon , would be a `` surprise .

Although the following day 's SEIB repeated the title of this PDB , it did not contain the reference to hijackings , the alert in New York , the alleged casing of buildings in New York , the threat phoned in to the embassy , or the fact that the FBI had approximately 70 ongoing bin Ladin-related investigations .
although the following day 's seib repeated the title of this pdb , it did not contain the reference to hijackings , the alert in new york , the [supposed] casing of buildings in new york , the threat phoned in to the embassy , or the fact that the fbi had approximately 70 ongoing bin ladin-related investigations .

Al Qaeda has been alleged to have used a variety of illegitimate means , particularly drug trafficking and conflict diamonds , to finance itself .
al qaeda has been [supposed] to have used a variety of illegitimate means , particularly drug trafficking and conflict diamonds , to finance itself .

The alleged attempt was reported on August 10 , 2000 ; see CIA memo , Bonk to McCarthy and Clarke , `` Attempted Interdiction of Suspect Bin Ladin 's Convoy , '' Aug. 11 , 2000 .
the [supposed] attempt was reported on august 10 , 2000 ; see cia memo , bonk to mccarthy and clarke , `` attempted interdiction of suspect bin ladin 's convoy , '' aug. 11 , 2000 .

Even before learning of Abdullah 's alleged jailhouse conversations , we attempted to interview him in November 2003 , while he was incarcerated and awaiting deportation .
even before learning of abdullah 's [supposed] jailhouse conversations , we attempted to interview him in november 2003 , while he was incarcerated and awaiting deportation .

Sources alleged that Aulaqi had other extremist connections .
sources [supposed] that aulaqi had other extremist connections .

An early draft of an executive summary prepared by FAA security staff for the agency 's leadership referred to an alleged report of a shooting aboard Flight 11 .
an early draft of an executive summary prepared by faa security staff for the agency 's leadership referred to an [supposed] report of a shooting aboard flight 11 .

We believe this report was erroneous for a number of reasons- there is no evidence that the hijackers purchased firearms , use of a gun would be inconsistent with the otherwise common tactics employed by the hijackers , the alleged shooting victim was seated where witness accounts place the stabbing victim ( 9B ) , and , most important , neither Betty Ong nor Amy Sweeney , the only two people who communicated to the ground from aboard the aircraft , reported the presence of a gun or a shooting .
we believe this report was erroneous for a number of reasons- there is no evidence that the hijackers purchased firearms , use of a gun would be inconsistent with the otherwise common tactics employed by the hijackers , the [supposed] shooting victim was seated where witness accounts place the stabbing victim ( 9b ) , and , most important , neither betty ong nor amy sweeney , the only two people who communicated to the ground from aboard the aircraft , reported the presence of a gun or a shooting .

Eventually , the shelter received word that the alleged hijacker 5 miles away had been a medevac helicopter .
eventually , the shelter received word that the [supposed] hijacker 5 miles away had been a medevac helicopter .

The story tries to suggest important examples where this alleged ethnic skew hurt .
the story tries to suggest important examples where this [supposed] ethnic skew hurt .

The WSJ reports that the DOJ is investigating MTV for alleged antitrust violations in its dealings with major music companies .
the wsj reports that the doj is investigating mtv for [supposed] antitrust violations in its dealings with major music companies .

I certainly have n't seen much recently of the prestige media 's dreadfully sententious hand-wringing along the lines of `` Should we be dignifying with our attention these allegations about presidential fondling , as detailed in the following 62-page special report ( and make sure not to miss the amazing revelations from the alleged victim 's college roommate about her attitudes toward oral sex ! ) . ''
i certainly have n't seen much recently of the prestige media 's dreadfully sententious hand-wringing along the lines of `` should we be dignifying with our attention these allegations about presidential fondling , as detailed in the following 62-page special report ( and make sure not to miss the amazing revelations from the [supposed] victim 's college roommate about her attitudes toward oral sex ! ) . ''

Clinton also noted for the first time , says the Times , that his lawyers and reelection campaign had hired two private investigators , Terry Lenzner and Jack Palladino -- though Clinton insists that their investigation was not the `` White House Secret Police Operation '' to scrutinize Clinton 's opponents that Morris has alleged .
clinton also noted for the first time , says the times , that his lawyers and reelection campaign had hired two private investigators , terry lenzner and jack palladino -- though clinton insists that their investigation was not the `` white house secret police operation '' to scrutinize clinton 's opponents that morris has [supposed] .

The Post lead says the committee Republicans won a vote allowing pursuit of alleged Clinton fundraising abuses , and the White House is considering not presenting any defense whatsoever to any areas the committee has raised -- because , in the words quoted from presidential spokesman Joe Lockhart , the HJC has been `` hijacked by extremists . ''
the post lead says the committee republicans won a vote allowing pursuit of [supposed] clinton fundraising abuses , and the white house is considering not presenting any defense whatsoever to any areas the committee has raised -- because , in the words quoted from presidential spokesman joe lockhart , the hjc has been `` hijacked by extremists . ''

The ex-soldier is alleged to have switched from being a U.S. anti-terrorist specialist to being an anti-U.S. terrorist .
the ex-soldier is [supposed] to have switched from being a u.s. anti-terrorist specialist to being an anti-u.s. terrorist .

In other scandal developments , carried in all papers : Independent counsel Kenneth Starr sent the House Judiciary Committee two boxes of new documents on Kathleen Willey , the former White House volunteer who has alleged that Clinton of groped her .
in other scandal developments , carried in all papers : independent counsel kenneth starr sent the house judiciary committee two boxes of new documents on kathleen willey , the former white house volunteer who has [supposed] that clinton of groped her .

The government started its case , all the papers report , by contrasting Bill Gates ' video deposition ( displayed on a `` larger-than-life screen '' says the WP ; the NYT says `` 10-foot '' ) in which he said he knew nothing more about an alleged market-carving meeting with browser rival Netscape than what he read in the newspaper ( actually he mentioned the Wall Street Journal , a fact included by everybody -- including the WSJ -- except USAT ) , with a Gates email in which he states `` ... there is a very powerful deal of some kind we can do with Netscape ... We could even pay them money as part of the deal , buying some piece of them or something . ''
the government started its case , all the papers report , by contrasting bill gates ' video deposition ( displayed on a `` larger-than-life screen '' says the wp ; the nyt says `` 10-foot '' ) in which he said he knew nothing more about an [supposed] market-carving meeting with browser rival netscape than what he read in the newspaper ( actually he mentioned the wall street journal , a fact included by everybody -- including the wsj -- except usat ) , with a gates email in which he states `` ... there is a very powerful deal of some kind we can do with netscape ... we could even pay them money as part of the deal , buying some piece of them or something . ''

It 's apparent from the accounts that the other major area of alleged Clinton dissembling Starr has in mind is his original raison d'^tre , Whitewater , both in connection with Clinton 's testimony at the Arkansas trial of the McDougals and Jim Guy Tucker , and in the president 's apparent involvement in the channeling of funds to Webster Hubbell after the latter 's conviction .
it 's apparent from the accounts that the other major area of [supposed] clinton dissembling starr has in mind is his original raison d'^tre , whitewater , both in connection with clinton 's testimony at the arkansas trial of the mcdougals and jim guy tucker , and in the president 's apparent involvement in the channeling of funds to webster hubbell after the latter 's conviction .

Clinton finally called off the possibility of attacking Iraq at 3:30 a.m. Sunday morning ; on Saturday morning , as the papers reveal , Clinton had merely postponed the attack for 24 hours while his advisors assessed Iraq 's alleged concessions .
clinton finally called off the possibility of attacking iraq at 3:30 a.m. sunday morning ; on saturday morning , as the papers reveal , clinton had merely postponed the attack for 24 hours while his advisors assessed iraq 's [supposed] concessions .

Since it is now known that Tripp gave the Jones lawyers much of the information about Lewinsky they used to elicit Clinton 's problematic statements during his deposition , the LAT wonders : `` Did Starr help to pave the way for Clinton to commit the alleged perjury that his prosecutors then proceeded to investigate ? ''
since it is now known that tripp gave the jones lawyers much of the information about lewinsky they used to elicit clinton 's problematic statements during his deposition , the lat wonders : `` did starr help to pave the way for clinton to commit the [supposed] perjury that his prosecutors then proceeded to investigate ? ''

Speaking of borders , though , is n't the alleged Algerian bombing conspiracy being teased out by the FBI reason enough to bite the bullet finally and close the damn Canadian border ?
speaking of borders , though , is n't the [supposed] algerian bombing conspiracy being teased out by the fbi reason enough to bite the bullet finally and close the damn canadian border ?

Although the headline , `` US Borders on High Alert , '' suggests the story might be about Customs Service preparations against future smuggling attempts , the story explores the suspect 's alleged ties to Osama bin Laden .
although the headline , `` us borders on high alert , '' suggests the story might be about customs service preparations against future smuggling attempts , the story explores the suspect 's [supposed] ties to osama bin laden .

Represented by Ray 's former attorney , William Pepper , the King family responded by filing a wrongful death civil suit against Jowers for his role in the alleged plot , which they claimed also involved the CIA , FBI , U.S. armed forces , Memphis police , and the mafia .
represented by ray 's former attorney , william pepper , the king family responded by filing a wrongful death civil suit against jowers for his role in the [supposed] plot , which they claimed also involved the cia , fbi , u.s. armed forces , memphis police , and the mafia .

The specifics of the alleged theory remain vague .
the specifics of the [supposed] theory remain vague .

USA Today puts it deep inside , leading instead with the U.S. government 's search for one to three accomplices of an alleged Algerian terrorist caught on Friday trying to cross into the U.S. from Canada with a bomb-kit in his car .
usa today puts it deep inside , leading instead with the u.s. government 's search for one to three accomplices of an [supposed] algerian terrorist caught on friday trying to cross into the u.s. from canada with a bomb-kit in his car .

I know that these are alleged bones , and emotional sentiments are whipped up by the prayers of the priests and the nuns .
i know that these are [supposed] bones , and emotional sentiments are whipped up by the prayers of the priests and the nuns .

The Statesman of Calcutta announces that `` [ t ] ourist traffic in Jaisalmer , the Rajasthan desert district where nuclear weapons were tested this year , decreased alarmingly , apparently due to the alleged Western propaganda against the Pokhran nuclear tests . ''
the statesman of calcutta announces that `` [ t ] ourist traffic in jaisalmer , the rajasthan desert district where nuclear weapons were tested this year , decreased alarmingly , apparently due to the [supposed] western propaganda against the pokhran nuclear tests . ''

The story has circulated for months , but this is the first time a major newspaper has named the alleged victim , Juanita Broaddrick , and has detailed her allegations .
the story has circulated for months , but this is the first time a major newspaper has named the [supposed] victim , juanita broaddrick , and has detailed her allegations .

Although the alleged quid pro quo was the helping to cover up the sex , rather than the sex itself ( and although Lewinsky never actually enjoyed the alleged payoff ) , the articles of impeachment nevertheless assume that Flytrap is about an exchange of favors .
although the [supposed] quid pro quo was the helping to cover up the sex , rather than the sex itself ( and although lewinsky never actually enjoyed the [supposed] payoff ) , the articles of impeachment nevertheless assume that flytrap is about an exchange of favors .

That 's why , while we 're suffering through a national crisis over alleged favors to Lewinsky , the one person who clearly has enjoyed a big payoff -- at taxpayer expense -- is the arch-dragoness , Linda Tripp .
that 's why , while we 're suffering through a national crisis over [supposed] favors to lewinsky , the one person who clearly has enjoyed a big payoff -- at taxpayer expense -- is the arch-dragoness , linda tripp .

House Majority Whip Tom DeLay , R-Texas , wants to drag `` evidence '' about other alleged Clinton sexual escapades into the trial .
house majority whip tom delay , r-texas , wants to drag `` evidence '' about other [supposed] clinton sexual escapades into the trial .

In France Sunday , Le Monde devoted a full page to the alleged role of UNSCOM as `` a toy of the American espionage services '' in Iraq and carried a report from Jerusalem about the `` decisive '' role of Israel in eavesdropping on Baghdad .
in france sunday , le monde devoted a full page to the [supposed] role of unscom as `` a toy of the american espionage services '' in iraq and carried a report from jerusalem about the `` decisive '' role of israel in eavesdropping on baghdad .

Leading Republicans , who now complain about an alleged huge increase in tax revenues , insisted back in 1993 that President Clinton 's tax increase would cause a decline in tax revenues .
leading republicans , who now complain about an [supposed] huge increase in tax revenues , insisted back in 1993 that president clinton 's tax increase would cause a decline in tax revenues .

Just to spell it out : The fact that blacks at Freaknik drive fancy cars does not prove -- or even suggest -- that fancy cars have anything to do with the alleged fact that 60 percent of black students lack Internet access .
just to spell it out : the fact that blacks at freaknik drive fancy cars does not prove -- or even suggest -- that fancy cars have anything to do with the [supposed] fact that 60 percent of black students lack internet access .

A leading target of the parliament 's attack is former French Prime Minister Edith Cresson , Europe 's commissioner for education , who is alleged , among other things , to have appointed her dentist to be a scientific adviser .
a leading target of the parliament 's attack is former french prime minister edith cresson , europe 's commissioner for education , who is [supposed] , among other things , to have appointed her dentist to be a scientific adviser .

Bobbie Ann Williams alleged several years ago in the Globe that while state attorney general , Clinton paid her for sexual encounters and that one of those encounters resulted in the conception of her son .
bobbie ann williams [supposed] several years ago in the globe that while state attorney general , clinton paid her for sexual encounters and that one of those encounters resulted in the conception of her son .

The scare was deflated by reports that 1 ) air-traffic controllers and the 727 crew bore the blame for the first incident ; 2 ) the pilot who alleged the second incident still has n't filed a report ; and 3 ) near-collision reports between military and civilian planes have actually fallen sharply in this decade .
the scare was deflated by reports that 1 ) air-traffic controllers and the 727 crew bore the blame for the first incident ; 2 ) the pilot who [supposed] the second incident still has n't filed a report ; and 3 ) near-collision reports between military and civilian planes have actually fallen sharply in this decade .

Critics also chide Plimpton for rehashing , rather than investigating , old accusations , such as Capote 's alleged lying and drinking problems .
critics also chide plimpton for rehashing , rather than investigating , old accusations , such as capote 's [supposed] lying and drinking problems .

You and I disagree about the alleged skepticism of the chattering classes .
you and i disagree about the [supposed] skepticism of the chattering classes .

Your `` Gist '' on alleged payments to David Hale is so sloppy that one is tempted to assume some bias on the part of its author , Associate Editor Franklin Foer .
your `` gist '' on [supposed] payments to david hale is so sloppy that one is tempted to assume some bias on the part of its author , associate editor franklin foer .

There 's a long feature lauding the New York Times for its fine reporting on mismanagement at the Columbia/HCA health care conglomerate , and another rapping 60 Minutes for a flawed story -- aired 10 years ago -- on alleged spontaneous acceleration in Audis .
there 's a long feature lauding the new york times for its fine reporting on mismanagement at the columbia/hca health care conglomerate , and another rapping 60 minutes for a flawed story -- aired 10 years ago -- on [supposed] spontaneous acceleration in audis .

With darting eyes and barely repressed rage , he alleged that administration secret police keep files on him .
with darting eyes and barely repressed rage , he [supposed] that administration secret police keep files on him .

The offer also applies to other alleged Yugoslav war criminals .
the offer also applies to other [supposed] yugoslav war criminals .

The Manila Times was forced to apologize to Estrada for a story about his alleged part in a contract award , and the journalists involved resigned in protest .
the manila times was forced to apologize to estrada for a story about his [supposed] part in a contract award , and the journalists involved resigned in protest .

Kenneth Starr will wrap up his investigation of the Clintons ' alleged misdeeds with a final report to Congress .
kenneth starr will wrap up his investigation of the clintons ' [supposed] misdeeds with a final report to congress .

The Jakarta Post focused on the proposed establishment of an international tribunal to investigate `` the alleged involvement of the Indonesian military in very serious human rights violations in East Timor . ''
the jakarta post focused on the proposed establishment of an international tribunal to investigate `` the [supposed] involvement of the indonesian military in very serious human rights violations in east timor . ''

The Times focused its story on the alleged unfairness of Bush 's `` quick '' admission but concedes that `` there is no evidence of illegality or regulations broken to accommodate Bush 's entry and rise in the service . ''
the times focused its story on the [supposed] unfairness of bush 's `` quick '' admission but concedes that `` there is no evidence of illegality or regulations broken to accommodate bush 's entry and rise in the service . ''

Instead , reporters asked him about issues arising from the controversy over his alleged drug abuse and -- in the case of your question -- the implications of that controversy for what boomer parents should say to their kids about drugs .
instead , reporters asked him about issues arising from the controversy over his [supposed] drug abuse and -- in the case of your question -- the implications of that controversy for what boomer parents should say to their kids about drugs .

Nobody was asking Gary Bauer such questions that day ( except perhaps for pointed contrast ) , because the obvious hook for these questions is Bush 's alleged hypocrisy .
nobody was asking gary bauer such questions that day ( except perhaps for pointed contrast ) , because the obvious hook for these questions is bush 's [supposed] hypocrisy .

The 30 th anniversary of the coup in Tripoli , Libya , that brought Muammar Qaddafi to power was marked in La Repubblica of Rome Wednesday by an interview with seven-time Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti ( now on trial in Italy for alleged connections with a Mafia murder ) , who said that while in office he was given false information about Libya by the U.S. intelligence services .
the 30 th anniversary of the coup in tripoli , libya , that brought muammar qaddafi to power was marked in la repubblica of rome wednesday by an interview with seven-time italian prime minister giulio andreotti ( now on trial in italy for [supposed] connections with a mafia murder ) , who said that while in office he was given false information about libya by the u.s. intelligence services .

When Bauer challenged a reporter to define the alleged `` inappropriate behavior , '' the reporter replied , `` That you were seen too often with a woman on your campaign , who is described to me as being 26 years old and blond . ''
when bauer challenged a reporter to define the [supposed] `` inappropriate behavior , '' the reporter replied , `` that you were seen too often with a woman on your campaign , who is described to me as being 26 years old and blond . ''

Two alleged Bauer accusers , former aides Charles Jarvis and Tim McDonald , finally went on the record Wednesday .
two [supposed] bauer accusers , former aides charles jarvis and tim mcdonald , finally went on the record wednesday .

Bauer denied that his aides had alleged actual impropriety : `` No one leaving my campaign has said , 'Gary , I am leaving your campaign because I believe you 're having an affair . '
bauer denied that his aides had [supposed] actual impropriety : `` no one leaving my campaign has said , 'gary , i am leaving your campaign because i believe you 're having an affair . '

Bauer improperly failed to confront the person who apparently alleged the appearance of impropriety .
bauer improperly failed to confront the person who apparently [supposed] the appearance of impropriety .

Lindbergh openly admired Hitler , cozied up to Hermann Goering , and branded Jews as un-American agitators who used their alleged power to attain their parochial ends .
lindbergh openly admired hitler , cozied up to hermann goering , and branded jews as un-american agitators who used their [supposed] power to attain their parochial ends .

Recently , Buchanan yelled at CBS 's Bob Schieffer on Face the Nation for asking about a passage in A Republic , Not an Empire in which he bemoans the alleged power of the Israeli lobby .
recently , buchanan yelled at cbs 's bob schieffer on face the nation for asking about a passage in a republic , not an empire in which he bemoans the [supposed] power of the israeli lobby .

In other words , virtually everything Heilbrunn wrote about Brent and his alleged cowardice -- as well as his many criticisms of the Yale series -- was wrong .
in other words , virtually everything heilbrunn wrote about brent and his [supposed] cowardice -- as well as his many criticisms of the yale series -- was wrong .

Top U.S. schools and laboratories are worried that repercussions from the alleged theft of nuclear secrets will hamper the recruitment of talented Asian and Asian-American researchers , says the Wall Street Journal .
top u.s. schools and laboratories are worried that repercussions from the [supposed] theft of nuclear secrets will hamper the recruitment of talented asian and asian-american researchers , says the wall street journal .

Meanwhile , `` Athanaric '' capped an alt.politics.republicans debate on George W. Bush 's alleged cocaine use with an endorsement of a powderhead president : `` Stoners ... just sit around hitting the bong , watching CNN , and sending Secret Service guys out to bring back some Taco Bell .
meanwhile , `` athanaric '' capped an alt.politics.republicans debate on george w. bush 's [supposed] cocaine use with an endorsement of a powderhead president : `` stoners ... just sit around hitting the bong , watching cnn , and sending secret service guys out to bring back some taco bell .

You went way beyond that -- counterposing your traditional/cultural hypothesis to my alleged view that `` every institutional memory of the Holocaust is a deliberate instrumentalization of it toward cheap and self-interested ends . ''
you went way beyond that -- counterposing your traditional/cultural hypothesis to my [supposed] view that `` every institutional memory of the holocaust is a deliberate instrumentalization of it toward cheap and self-interested ends . ''

Those who took the time to read the article learned that Nixon 's support came mostly from Republican circles and that die-hard critics scoffed at his alleged foreign policy expertise .
those who took the time to read the article learned that nixon 's support came mostly from republican circles and that die-hard critics scoffed at his [supposed] foreign policy expertise .

Rather , they underscore his campaign for rehabilitation and the public 's alleged willingness to grant it .
rather , they underscore his campaign for rehabilitation and the public 's [supposed] willingness to grant it .

Not until Wednesday morning did the big dailies finally report what everyone was talking about : the president 's alleged affair with a White House intern .
not until wednesday morning did the big dailies finally report what everyone was talking about : the president 's [supposed] affair with a white house intern .

Drudge names Monica Lewinsky as Clinton 's alleged paramour .
drudge names monica lewinsky as clinton 's [supposed] paramour .

Slate mentions the Kristol-Stephanopoulos-Donaldson exchange in `` Pundit Central '' and the alleged spiking of the Newsweek story in `` In Other Magazines . ''
slate mentions the kristol-stephanopoulos-donaldson exchange in `` pundit central '' and the [supposed] spiking of the newsweek story in `` in other magazines . ''

A Wall Street Journal editorial writer alleged a counterconspiracy : that the White House is trying to suppress reporting about Clinton scandals .
a wall street journal editorial writer [supposed] a counterconspiracy : that the white house is trying to suppress reporting about clinton scandals .

The most serious of the issues we have examined is the alleged cover-up of the sexual affair between a White House intern , Monica Lewinsky , then 21 , and the president of the United States -- a man old enough to be her father -- in or near the Oval Office between November 1995 and December 1997 .
the most serious of the issues we have examined is the [supposed] cover-up of the sexual affair between a white house intern , monica lewinsky , then 21 , and the president of the united states -- a man old enough to be her father -- in or near the oval office between november 1995 and december 1997 .

It also includes a chatty paragraph discrediting allegations about Lewinsky 's alleged affair with Clinton .
it also includes a chatty paragraph discrediting allegations about lewinsky 's [supposed] affair with clinton .

Later , Steele changed her story , saying Willey had told her that the president had `` made a pass '' at her only weeks after the alleged incident and that she had lied at Willey 's behest .
later , steele changed her story , saying willey had told her that the president had `` made a pass '' at her only weeks after the [supposed] incident and that she had lied at willey 's behest .

However , by this time , Steele had changed her story , saying Willey had asked her to lie about exactly when Willey had confided in her and also about the details of the alleged sexual encounter .
however , by this time , steele had changed her story , saying willey had asked her to lie about exactly when willey had confided in her and also about the details of the [supposed] sexual encounter .

The theory of the causes of the alleged condition is inadequately supported .
the theory of the causes of the [supposed] condition is inadequately supported .

The subject was the newspaper 's controversial series of last August , `` Dark Alliance , '' which alleged that the CIA had promoted the sale of crack cocaine to Americans as part of the U.S. government 's support of the Nicaraguan Contras in the 1980s .
the subject was the newspaper 's controversial series of last august , `` dark alliance , '' which [supposed] that the cia had promoted the sale of crack cocaine to americans as part of the u.s. government 's support of the nicaraguan contras in the 1980s .

After the alleged relationship became public property , the situation was different .
after the [supposed] relationship became public property , the situation was different .

The `` MMF Hall of Humiliation '' Web site traces the `` Make Money Fast '' chains to their origins and lists addresses and phones of the alleged originators , requesting that you spam them .
the `` mmf hall of humiliation '' web site traces the `` make money fast '' chains to their origins and lists addresses and phones of the [supposed] originators , requesting that you spam them .

When rumors of the designer 's alleged racist outbursts filtered into the mainstream media , they were debunked by Time magazine , USA Today , and the Washington Post .
when rumors of the designer 's [supposed] racist outbursts filtered into the mainstream media , they were debunked by time magazine , usa today , and the washington post .

Would a self-admitted drunk and alleged cokehead be better ?
would a self-admitted drunk and [supposed] cokehead be better ?

All the papers report that in response to yesterday 's AP story about an alleged U.S. massacre of Korean civilians in the early days of the Korean war , fronted by the NYT and LAT , the Pentagon has promised to undertake a thorough investigation .
all the papers report that in response to yesterday 's ap story about an [supposed] u.s. massacre of korean civilians in the early days of the korean war , fronted by the nyt and lat , the pentagon has promised to undertake a thorough investigation .

Finally , the methodological fallacy at the heart of this book : `` If you want to see what 's happening in the stream called our society , '' says one of Faludi 's `` patriots , '' `` go to the edges and look at what 's happening there ... '' This alleged `` societal dynamic '' becomes her methodological justification for using the stories of the `` underemployed , contracted-out , and laid-off men of Southern California to illuminate more general male losses ... `` It must be said that this kind of approach is very tricky .
finally , the methodological fallacy at the heart of this book : `` if you want to see what 's happening in the stream called our society , '' says one of faludi 's `` patriots , '' `` go to the edges and look at what 's happening there ... '' this [supposed] `` societal dynamic '' becomes her methodological justification for using the stories of the `` underemployed , contracted-out , and laid-off men of southern california to illuminate more general male losses ... `` it must be said that this kind of approach is very tricky .

When I reached Hatfield at his publisher 's office , he told me that these sources are all old friends who have contemporaneous , independent knowledge of the alleged arrest , but that none would provide specifics for fear of being identified by Bush .
when i reached hatfield at his publisher 's office , he told me that these sources are all old friends who have contemporaneous , independent knowledge of the [supposed] arrest , but that none would provide specifics for fear of being identified by bush .

The NYT front-page effort never mentions the alleged feat .
the nyt front-page effort never mentions the [supposed] feat .

Hatfield told me that his editor only knew who one of his three alleged anonymous sources was .
hatfield told me that his editor only knew who one of his three [supposed] anonymous sources was .

A front-page LAT piece on the alleged Bank of New York money-laundering scandal argues that much of the suspicious Russian money is owned by legitimate Russian businessmen who simply do not trust Russian banks or wish to avoid paying excessive taxes to a corrupt government .
a front-page lat piece on the [supposed] bank of new york money-laundering scandal argues that much of the suspicious russian money is owned by legitimate russian businessmen who simply do not trust russian banks or wish to avoid paying excessive taxes to a corrupt government .

Part of Itell 's unintentionally hilarious evidence for his conditional diagnosis is the alleged historic `` connection ... between mania and artistic achievement , '' which , the author claims , has been `` known '' since ancient times .
part of itell 's unintentionally hilarious evidence for his conditional diagnosis is the [supposed] historic `` connection ... between mania and artistic achievement , '' which , the author claims , has been `` known '' since ancient times .

Then , finalizing his ode to non sequiturs , Itell analogizes Tyson 's alleged `` disease '' to a `` fatal disease '' and even recommends that Tyson take psychoactive drugs and undergo a `` medical clearance '' on his behavior .
then , finalizing his ode to non sequiturs , itell analogizes tyson 's [supposed] `` disease '' to a `` fatal disease '' and even recommends that tyson take psychoactive drugs and undergo a `` medical clearance '' on his behavior .

Much alleged `` psychotic illness '' is the result of rational , if wrong-headed , calculation .
much [supposed] `` psychotic illness '' is the result of rational , if wrong-headed , calculation .

Button 's alleged suicide was a strange event indeed .
button 's [supposed] suicide was a strange event indeed .

The current shock and horror over alleged large soft-money donations to the Democratic National Committee by foreign nationals ( Koreans , Taiwanese , and Indonesians ) in return for economic- and military-policy considerations by the Clinton administration is amusing -- as if soft-money contributions made by domestic corporations and executives are somehow better , less sullied , more ethical .
the current shock and horror over [supposed] large soft-money donations to the democratic national committee by foreign nationals ( koreans , taiwanese , and indonesians ) in return for economic- and military-policy considerations by the clinton administration is amusing -- as if soft-money contributions made by domestic corporations and executives are somehow better , less sullied , more ethical .

Professor Paul Krugman ( `` The Dismal Scientist '' ) has done me the honor of another attack , this time for an alleged vulgarization of the great British economist John Maynard Keynes .
professor paul krugman ( `` the dismal scientist '' ) has done me the honor of another attack , this time for an [supposed] vulgarization of the great british economist john maynard keynes .

The alleged contradiction would therefore have nothing to do with the number of specialists involved or the length of stay in the hospital .
the [supposed] contradiction would therefore have nothing to do with the number of specialists involved or the length of stay in the hospital .

Although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on alleged job losses or gains ( Ross Perot 's `` great sucking sound '' vs. the administration 's claim that NAFTA would create hundreds of thousands of jobs ) , believed that the net effect on employment would be zero .
although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on [supposed] job losses or gains ( ross perot 's `` great sucking sound '' vs. the administration 's claim that nafta would create hundreds of thousands of jobs ) , believed that the net effect on employment would be zero .

Pinochet had argued that he was immune from arrest because his alleged crimes were part of his job as head of state .
pinochet had argued that he was immune from arrest because his [supposed] crimes were part of his job as head of state .

Nor is there anything especially Republican or conservative about Special Prosecutor Kenneth Starr 's alleged excesses .
nor is there anything especially republican or conservative about special prosecutor kenneth starr 's [supposed] excesses .

That gave his enemies a way to trap him into an undeniably serious crime : perjury under oath in an investigation of alleged high crimes by the president of the United States .
that gave his enemies a way to trap him into an undeniably serious crime : perjury under oath in an investigation of [supposed] high crimes by the president of the united states .

Would you be willing , right here today , under oath , to tell all the reporters , producers , and editors for each of the 11 news organizations with whom you or Mr. Bennett are alleged to have spoken that you hereby release them from any promises they or people working with them made to you or to Mr. Bennett to keep any communications between them and you confidential ?
would you be willing , right here today , under oath , to tell all the reporters , producers , and editors for each of the 11 news organizations with whom you or mr. bennett are [supposed] to have spoken that you hereby release them from any promises they or people working with them made to you or to mr. bennett to keep any communications between them and you confidential ?

They lament the passing of an alleged era when figures of towering prestige and gravitas would swoop in like superheroes when democracy had tied itself in one too many knots .
they lament the passing of an [supposed] era when figures of towering prestige and gravitas would swoop in like superheroes when democracy had tied itself in one too many knots .

His surrogates responded by diverting scrutiny to Starr 's alleged misdeeds .
his surrogates responded by diverting scrutiny to starr 's [supposed] misdeeds .

Democrats would like to investigate Linda Tripp 's encouragement of the alleged quid pro quo in which Monica Lewinsky supposedly secured help in her job search in exchange for submitting a false affidavit denying her affair with Clinton .
democrats would like to investigate linda tripp 's encouragement of the [supposed] quid pro quo in which monica lewinsky supposedly secured help in her job search in exchange for submitting a false affidavit denying her affair with clinton .

A federal grand jury recently questioned conservative mogul Richard Mellon Scaife in connection with alleged witness tampering by Clinton 's enemies in Starr 's Whitewater investigation .
a federal grand jury recently questioned conservative mogul richard mellon scaife in connection with [supposed] witness tampering by clinton 's enemies in starr 's whitewater investigation .

Last week , the Star did a story on `` The Real Princess Di , '' with such unlikely revelations as the alleged fact that she did her own ironing and joined the help in washing dishes .
last week , the star did a story on `` the real princess di , '' with such unlikely revelations as the [supposed] fact that she did her own ironing and joined the help in washing dishes .

The article alleged that the retired detective brought in to work on the case was not admired by the other cops .
the article [supposed] that the retired detective brought in to work on the case was not admired by the other cops .

Just as McCartney started rumors of his death by appearing on the Abbey Road cover without shoes and on Sergeant Pepper wearing an armband marked `` OPD '' ( alleged to mean Officially Pronounced Dead ) , so did 2Pac , on his new album , slyly adopt the name `` Makaveli '' -- like Machiavelli , who , according to 2Pac 's rapping confrere Chuck D , faked his own death to fool his enemies -- and pose on the cover in a crucifixion pose , suggesting he intended a resurrection .
just as mccartney started rumors of his death by appearing on the abbey road cover without shoes and on sergeant pepper wearing an armband marked `` opd '' ( [supposed] to mean officially pronounced dead ) , so did 2pac , on his new album , slyly adopt the name `` makaveli '' -- like machiavelli , who , according to 2pac 's rapping confrere chuck d , faked his own death to fool his enemies -- and pose on the cover in a crucifixion pose , suggesting he intended a resurrection .

The Star breaks news this week with an account by a flight attendant on Clinton 's 1992 campaign plane of an alleged sexual assault by him .
the star breaks news this week with an account by a flight attendant on clinton 's 1992 campaign plane of an [supposed] sexual assault by him .

The most promising line , auditioned by Pat Buchanan on Crossfire , was that Clinton 's alleged behavior , even if legal , was offensive .
the most promising line , auditioned by pat buchanan on crossfire , was that clinton 's [supposed] behavior , even if legal , was offensive .

The New York Times opened its front page analysis by saying , `` it is now politically inconceivable that Congress will consider impeachment for President Clinton 's alleged lies and obstruction in a case that no longer exists . ''
the new york times opened its front page analysis by saying , `` it is now politically inconceivable that congress will consider impeachment for president clinton 's [supposed] lies and obstruction in a case that no longer exists . ''

The most shocking tabloid news comes from the Globe , which thinks the alleged affair between Clinton and Lewinsky is just so much feverish fantasy .
the most shocking tabloid news comes from the globe , which thinks the [supposed] affair between clinton and lewinsky is just so much feverish fantasy .

He explained that if he had stayed in the race , the election would have focused on his annulment and his brother 's alleged fling with the family baby sitter .
he explained that if he had stayed in the race , the election would have focused on his annulment and his brother 's [supposed] fling with the family baby sitter .

Media coverage of Kennedy 's withdrawal focused on his annulment and his brother 's alleged fling with the family baby sitter .
media coverage of kennedy 's withdrawal focused on his annulment and his brother 's [supposed] fling with the family baby sitter .

His lawyer has threatened to focus the trial on the Army 's alleged selective prosecution of black officers for sexual harassment .
his lawyer has threatened to focus the trial on the army 's [supposed] selective prosecution of black officers for sexual harassment .

The Washington Post reported more evidence of the alleged Chinese plot to influence U.S. elections .
the washington post reported more evidence of the [supposed] chinese plot to influence u.s. elections .

The charges concern an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a Netanyahu ally ( the nominee subsequently quit ) .
the charges concern an [supposed] deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a netanyahu ally ( the nominee subsequently quit ) .

The early line on the coming trial of alleged co-conspirator Terry Nichols is that he 'll be a lot harder to convict because he was home in Kansas when the bomb went off in Oklahoma .
the early line on the coming trial of [supposed] co-conspirator terry nichols is that he 'll be a lot harder to convict because he was home in kansas when the bomb went off in oklahoma .

The investigation of Michael Kennedy 's alleged affair with his kids ' teen-age baby sitter is being dropped because the baby sitter wo n't cooperate .
the investigation of michael kennedy 's [supposed] affair with his kids ' teen-age baby sitter is being dropped because the baby sitter wo n't cooperate .

The investigation of Michael Kennedy 's alleged affair with his kids ' teen-age baby sitter is being dropped because the baby sitter wo n't cooperate .
the investigation of michael kennedy 's [supposed] affair with his kids ' teen-age baby sitter is being dropped because the baby sitter wo n't cooperate .

Instead , the media are swarming over Westin 's alleged relationship with ABC 's PR chief , Sherrie Rollins , who not only was his direct subordinate but is still married to multiply disgraced political consultant Ed Rollins .
instead , the media are swarming over westin 's [supposed] relationship with abc 's pr chief , sherrie rollins , who not only was his direct subordinate but is still married to multiply disgraced political consultant ed rollins .

Air Force Secretary Sheila Widnall refused to grant an honorable discharge , citing Flinn 's alleged `` lack of integrity and disobedience to order '' and warning that a special exemption would discredit the military-justice system .
air force secretary sheila widnall refused to grant an honorable discharge , citing flinn 's [supposed] `` lack of integrity and disobedience to order '' and warning that a special exemption would discredit the military-justice system .

The charges concern an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a Netanyahu ally ( the nominee subsequently quit ) .
the charges concern an [supposed] deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a netanyahu ally ( the nominee subsequently quit ) .

Case closed : Alleged `` spree killer '' Andrew Cunanan , who was being hunted by the FBI for the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace and others , killed himself .
case closed : [supposed] `` spree killer '' andrew cunanan , who was being hunted by the fbi for the murder of fashion designer gianni versace and others , killed himself .

Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is in deep trouble : Citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in Japan rather than Peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .
peruvian president alberto fujimori is in deep trouble : citizens are angry over his [supposed] illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in japan rather than peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .

Case closed : Alleged `` spree killer '' Andrew Cunanan , who was being hunted by the FBI for the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace and others , killed himself .
case closed : [supposed] `` spree killer '' andrew cunanan , who was being hunted by the fbi for the murder of fashion designer gianni versace and others , killed himself .

Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is in deep trouble : Citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in Japan rather than Peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .
peruvian president alberto fujimori is in deep trouble : citizens are angry over his [supposed] illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in japan rather than peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .

The pass itself could easily have been made cruder , and Willey could have alleged it was repeated -- if she 'd been in a fabricating , sympathy-generating mode .
the pass itself could easily have been made cruder , and willey could have [supposed] it was repeated -- if she 'd been in a fabricating , sympathy-generating mode .

As noted in yesterday 's Chatterbox , if true Willey 's story is the worst of Clinton 's alleged sexual indiscretions -- worse than Lewinsky , worse than Paula Jones .
as noted in yesterday 's chatterbox , if true willey 's story is the worst of clinton 's [supposed] sexual indiscretions -- worse than lewinsky , worse than paula jones .

Even that was too much for the hoity-toity tabloid Globe , which said only that `` Monica joked about her alleged romance by saying that she was 'special assistant to the president . ' ''
even that was too much for the hoity-toity tabloid globe , which said only that `` monica joked about her [supposed] romance by saying that she was 'special assistant to the president . ' ''

Shields points out that Perot dislikes the Bush family for its alleged `` dirty tricks '' in the '92 presidential campaign .
shields points out that perot dislikes the bush family for its [supposed] `` dirty tricks '' in the '92 presidential campaign .

Edwards ' husband is Peter Berlin , who used accounts at the bank to move over $ 4 billion out of Russia for Benex , a Russian company with alleged mob ties .
edwards ' husband is peter berlin , who used accounts at the bank to move over $ 4 billion out of russia for benex , a russian company with [supposed] mob ties .

The WP runs an AP dispatch of a Fox News interview with former President George Bush , in which he supports his presidential candidate son 's decision not to answer questions about alleged youthful drug use .
the wp runs an ap dispatch of a fox news interview with former president george bush , in which he supports his presidential candidate son 's decision not to answer questions about [supposed] youthful drug use .

Inside both magazines : maps of the connections in the alleged `` right-wing conspiracy '' against Clinton , profiles of Al Gore ( steely-eyed in this time of crisis ) , and still more pop-psychologizing about Clinton 's personality .
inside both magazines : maps of the connections in the [supposed] `` right-wing conspiracy '' against clinton , profiles of al gore ( steely-eyed in this time of crisis ) , and still more pop-psychologizing about clinton 's personality .

Graham has been a presidential suck-up since the Eisenhower administration and still makes excuses for Bill Clinton 's alleged philandering .
graham has been a presidential suck-up since the eisenhower administration and still makes excuses for bill clinton 's [supposed] philandering .

It sketches out a pattern of Clinton aides attempting to convince multiple Clinton alleged paramours ( Dolly Kyle Browning , Monica Lewinsky , Gennifer Flowers , Kathleen Willey ) to keep silent .
it sketches out a pattern of clinton aides attempting to convince multiple clinton [supposed] paramours ( dolly kyle browning , monica lewinsky , gennifer flowers , kathleen willey ) to keep silent .

A British academic , Lee contends Woolf was n't nearly as mad as previous biographers have alleged .
a british academic , lee contends woolf was n't nearly as mad as previous biographers have [supposed] .

A Cambridge don 's assessment of recent indictments of psychoanalysis -- including its alleged sexism , pseudoscience , and ineffectiveness -- is deemed `` dispassionate '' ( Sarah Boxer , the New York Times Book Review ) by some , wishy-washy by others .
a cambridge don 's assessment of recent indictments of psychoanalysis -- including its [supposed] sexism , pseudoscience , and ineffectiveness -- is deemed `` dispassionate '' ( sarah boxer , the new york times book review ) by some , wishy-washy by others .

Sidebars explain the show 's alleged symbolism .
sidebars explain the show 's [supposed] symbolism .

His alleged libertarianism is inconsistent , and may be no more than a convenient , fancy formulation for the combination of policies -- fiscally conservative , socially liberal -- needed to get elected as a Republican in a Democratic state .
his [supposed] libertarianism is inconsistent , and may be no more than a convenient , fancy formulation for the combination of policies -- fiscally conservative , socially liberal -- needed to get elected as a republican in a democratic state .

He has gotten an amazing free pass , since Dole chose him last week , on his three alleged strengths .
he has gotten an amazing free pass , since dole chose him last week , on his three [supposed] strengths .

Flowers , McDougal , Lewinsky , Jones , Dolly Kyle Browning , and Elizabeth Ward all wore big , fluffy manes at the time of their alleged Clinton encounters .
flowers , mcdougal , lewinsky , jones , dolly kyle browning , and elizabeth ward all wore big , fluffy manes at the time of their [supposed] clinton encounters .

Most of Clinton 's other alleged paramours have been lovely , too .
most of clinton 's other [supposed] paramours have been lovely , too .

Clinton was 36 at the time of his alleged affair with the 21-year-old Ward .
clinton was 36 at the time of his [supposed] affair with the 21-year-old ward .

Many attributed a rise in the company 's stock to optimism that a freshly sated DOJ will back off the alleged breakup plan .
many attributed a rise in the company 's stock to optimism that a freshly sated doj will back off the [supposed] breakup plan .

Since June , forensics teams from 15 nations , including the U.S. , have turned up hundreds of bodies , not thousands or tens of thousands , as has been alleged .
since june , forensics teams from 15 nations , including the u.s. , have turned up hundreds of bodies , not thousands or tens of thousands , as has been [supposed] .

Someday , someone will demolish the myth of Carter 's alleged brilliance .
someday , someone will demolish the myth of carter 's [supposed] brilliance .

The NYT fronts -- and the other papers stuff -- the `` indictment '' of deposed Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on charges of hijacking and kidnapping for his alleged refusal to let Gen. Pervez Musharraf 's plane land last month -- an event that triggered a military coup orchestrated by Musharraf .
the nyt fronts -- and the other papers stuff -- the `` indictment '' of deposed pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif on charges of hijacking and kidnapping for his [supposed] refusal to let gen. pervez musharraf 's plane land last month -- an event that triggered a military coup orchestrated by musharraf .

A Post story on Hillary Clinton 's visit to Israel is a textbook example of how the media turn an alleged appearance of impropriety by a politician into a `` political problem '' and therefore a story :
a post story on hillary clinton 's visit to israel is a textbook example of how the media turn an [supposed] appearance of impropriety by a politician into a `` political problem '' and therefore a story :

Why is the Clinton administration spending $ 28 million to remedy an alleged shortage of `` information technology '' workers ?
why is the clinton administration spending $ 28 million to remedy an [supposed] shortage of `` information technology '' workers ?

I keep writing about a `` supposed '' or `` alleged '' shortage , because the dearth of info-tech workers is an illusion .
i keep writing about a `` supposed '' or `` [supposed] '' shortage , because the dearth of info-tech workers is an illusion .

Unless some catastrophic scandal is revealed -- and drug use does n't come close to alleged rape and illegal campaign contributions , but do n't get me started -- Bush will be the nominee .
unless some catastrophic scandal is revealed -- and drug use does n't come close to [supposed] rape and illegal campaign contributions , but do n't get me started -- bush will be the nominee .

At least $ 15 million was filtered through two New York-based banks to a company owned by Semion Mogilevich , an alleged leader of Russia 's largest crime syndicate .
at least $ 15 million was filtered through two new york-based banks to a company owned by semion mogilevich , an [supposed] leader of russia 's largest crime syndicate .

The first sets the diversity of the medical team that saved Benjamin Kadish against the alleged gunman 's racism ; a sidebar reports heated debate over whether or not the federal government should confront extremists more aggressively .
the first sets the diversity of the medical team that saved benjamin kadish against the [supposed] gunman 's racism ; a sidebar reports heated debate over whether or not the federal government should confront extremists more aggressively .

The Washington Post leads with its exclusive interview of the former chief of counterintelligence at Los Alamos National Laboratory , who says that the Chinese did not steal nuclear information from any Department of Energy facility and that the investigation of alleged Chinese spy and former Los Alamos employee Wen Ho Lee is racist .
the washington post leads with its exclusive interview of the former chief of counterintelligence at los alamos national laboratory , who says that the chinese did not steal nuclear information from any department of energy facility and that the investigation of [supposed] chinese spy and former los alamos employee wen ho lee is racist .

An op-ed piece in the Times of London called on U.S. Democrats to `` unite around an unequivocal policy of opposing impeachment , on the grounds that the 'crimes ' alleged in the Starr report fall far short of the constitutional requirements for reversing the people 's electoral choice . ''
an op-ed piece in the times of london called on u.s. democrats to `` unite around an unequivocal policy of opposing impeachment , on the grounds that the 'crimes ' [supposed] in the starr report fall far short of the constitutional requirements for reversing the people 's electoral choice . ''

Many alleged victims of plagiarism are later accused of having plagiarized .
many [supposed] victims of plagiarism are later accused of having plagiarized .

Incredulous that the `` American system '' would make `` a monumental event '' out of Lewinsky 's contradictory claims , it concludes , `` Far , all the ballyhoo over Bill Clinton 's alleged involvement with these women could serve only one purpose .
incredulous that the `` american system '' would make `` a monumental event '' out of lewinsky 's contradictory claims , it concludes , `` far , all the ballyhoo over bill clinton 's [supposed] involvement with these women could serve only one purpose .

After the rows in recent weeks over the Times ' alleged failure to report stories that might in any way distress its proprietor , the paper gave full coverage Wednesday to the separation of Murdoch from his wife , Anna , after 30 years of marriage .
after the rows in recent weeks over the times ' [supposed] failure to report stories that might in any way distress its proprietor , the paper gave full coverage wednesday to the separation of murdoch from his wife , anna , after 30 years of marriage .

An ancient alleged example of U.S. contempt for human rights was the dispersal in 1961 of three identical Long Island , New York , triplets to see how they would grow up separately .
an ancient [supposed] example of u.s. contempt for human rights was the dispersal in 1961 of three identical long island , new york , triplets to see how they would grow up separately .

The French press led mainly on the implication of former Foreign Minister Roland Dumas ( now president of the Constitutional Council ) in an alleged corruption scandal that has to do with the sale of French frigates to Taiwan .
the french press led mainly on the implication of former foreign minister roland dumas ( now president of the constitutional council ) in an [supposed] corruption scandal that has to do with the sale of french frigates to taiwan .

In the Post 's main Albert piece , the accuser is never mentioned by name , a practice the paper explains thus : `` The Washington Post does not identify victims of alleged sexual attacks . ''
in the post 's main albert piece , the accuser is never mentioned by name , a practice the paper explains thus : `` the washington post does not identify victims of [supposed] sexual attacks . ''

The LAT lead describes how Republican leaders are intensifying their drive to get Janet Reno to appoint an independent counsel to investigate Clinton 's alleged campaign-fund soliciting .
the lat lead describes how republican leaders are intensifying their drive to get janet reno to appoint an independent counsel to investigate clinton 's [supposed] campaign-fund soliciting .

Other recent examples include the alleged off-camera tantrums had by Bill Clinton and Janet Reno over the belated discovery of the coffee videos , and yesterday 's report about how somebody high up in the White House nearly throttled an ATF agent over the discovery that ATF was letting scads of assault weapons into the country .
other recent examples include the [supposed] off-camera tantrums had by bill clinton and janet reno over the belated discovery of the coffee videos , and yesterday 's report about how somebody high up in the white house nearly throttled an atf agent over the discovery that atf was letting scads of assault weapons into the country .

The Wall Street Journal says that a look at the current economy also shows that the alleged bad consequence of raising the minimum wage -- increased unemployment in the low end of the service sector -- just did not happen , turning the minimum wage increase into `` one of the nonevents of 1997 . ''
the wall street journal says that a look at the current economy also shows that the [supposed] bad consequence of raising the minimum wage -- increased unemployment in the low end of the service sector -- just did not happen , turning the minimum wage increase into `` one of the nonevents of 1997 . ''

The paper 's policy as stated in Friday 's Albert story was `` The Washington Post does not identify victims of alleged sexual assaults . ''
the paper 's policy as stated in friday 's albert story was `` the washington post does not identify victims of [supposed] sexual assaults . ''

Both the NYT and WP have run stories recently about the impugning of a collection of alleged JFK private papers that were being used for an ABC documentary and a Seymour Hersh book .
both the nyt and wp have run stories recently about the impugning of a collection of [supposed] jfk private papers that were being used for an abc documentary and a seymour hersh book .

The New York Times goes with the latest target of Senate and Justice Department investigators : the alleged Clinton-Gore use in 1996 of state parties as a vehicle for end-running legal spending limits .
the new york times goes with the latest target of senate and justice department investigators : the [supposed] clinton-gore use in 1996 of state parties as a vehicle for end-running legal spending limits .

It began as a few disputed sentences in a 1994 consent decree limiting some alleged anti-competitive jiggery-pokery by Microsoft .
it began as a few disputed sentences in a 1994 consent decree limiting some [supposed] anti-competitive jiggery-pokery by microsoft .

One quote alleged to be on tape says of the observers : `` Those white people should be put in the river . ''
one quote [supposed] to be on tape says of the observers : `` those white people should be put in the river . ''

Naughton is alleged to have carried on a five-month Internet relationship with the undercover officer during which he repeatedly solicited sex and ignored warnings that her age might get him in trouble .
naughton is [supposed] to have carried on a five-month internet relationship with the undercover officer during which he repeatedly solicited sex and ignored warnings that her age might get him in trouble .

Naughton purportedly frequented chat rooms used by adult men to contact teen-age girls and is alleged to have had sexually explicit images of children on his laptop computer .
naughton purportedly frequented chat rooms used by adult men to contact teen-age girls and is [supposed] to have had sexually explicit images of children on his laptop computer .

Federal officials are planning to investigate whether the alleged misdeeds are `` pattern and practice '' on the force .
federal officials are planning to investigate whether the [supposed] misdeeds are `` pattern and practice '' on the force .

While objecting to cross-examination of alleged rape victims because `` it is easy to distort events so that a rape can appear to be consensual sex , '' she ignores the reverse implication -- that it is easy to make consensual sex look like rape .
while objecting to cross-examination of [supposed] rape victims because `` it is easy to distort events so that a rape can appear to be consensual sex , '' she ignores the reverse implication -- that it is easy to make consensual sex look like rape .

It vanishes as soon as the subject turns to the Internet and its alleged power to transform our lives .
it vanishes as soon as the subject turns to the internet and its [supposed] power to transform our lives .

The 10,000 alleged improvements include punctuating Molly Bloom 's famous monologue and rewriting knotty sentences .
the 10,000 [supposed] improvements include punctuating molly bloom 's famous monologue and rewriting knotty sentences .

The university 's suit refers to the rompers as `` alleged NYU co-eds '' and assures all concerned that `` there is no 'NYU Dorm Cam ' installed in any NYU dorm room . ''
the university 's suit refers to the rompers as `` [supposed] nyu co-eds '' and assures all concerned that `` there is no 'nyu dorm cam ' installed in any nyu dorm room . ''

Showing off his homework , Krauthammer alleged that Germany supports the treaty because the closure of East Germany 's dirtiest factories has already brought the Germans into compliance with the coming emission standards , which are set at 1990 levels .
showing off his homework , krauthammer [supposed] that germany supports the treaty because the closure of east germany 's dirtiest factories has already brought the germans into compliance with the coming emission standards , which are set at 1990 levels .

Susan Page ( CNN 's Late Edition ) expressed the consensus that such a decision will set off `` World War III between congressional Republicans and the White House , '' and that Reno will surely appoint an independent counsel to investigate the alleged link between campaign contributions and Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt 's rejection of an Indian casino license .
susan page ( cnn 's late edition ) expressed the consensus that such a decision will set off `` world war iii between congressional republicans and the white house , '' and that reno will surely appoint an independent counsel to investigate the [supposed] link between campaign contributions and secretary of the interior bruce babbitt 's rejection of an indian casino license .

The American left has gone international to win a `` phony treaty '' that curbs greenhouse gases , Kristol alleged , because they ca n't accomplish their goal domestically .
the american left has gone international to win a `` phony treaty '' that curbs greenhouse gases , kristol [supposed] , because they ca n't accomplish their goal domestically .

Paul Gigot ( PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) lays out the president 's winning strategy : `` Deny '' the allegation that Monica Lewinsky fellated him ; `` delay '' the nation 's judgment of the crisis ; and `` attack '' his foes , mostly special prosecutor Kenneth Starr but also the alleged `` right-wing conspiracy , '' the press , and Lewinsky herself .
paul gigot ( pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer ) lays out the president 's winning strategy : `` deny '' the allegation that monica lewinsky fellated him ; `` delay '' the nation 's judgment of the crisis ; and `` attack '' his foes , mostly special prosecutor kenneth starr but also the [supposed] `` right-wing conspiracy , '' the press , and lewinsky herself .

Will Clinton invoke executive privilege to veil conversations about the alleged hanky-panky with Monica ?
will clinton invoke executive privilege to veil conversations about the [supposed] hanky-panky with monica ?

CNN briefly refused to continue running this spot because , the sponsors alleged , Ted Turner 's wife , Jane Fonda , did n't approve .
cnn briefly refused to continue running this spot because , the sponsors [supposed] , ted turner 's wife , jane fonda , did n't approve .

Kenneth Starr , Paula Jones , Linda Tripp , Lucianne Goldberg , Susan Carpenter-McMillan , the Rutherford Institute people -- they 're very unpopular , even among salt-of-the-earth citizens who do n't at all condone the sorts of shenanigans alleged of Clinton .
kenneth starr , paula jones , linda tripp , lucianne goldberg , susan carpenter-mcmillan , the rutherford institute people -- they 're very unpopular , even among salt-of-the-earth citizens who do n't at all condone the sorts of shenanigans [supposed] of clinton .

Culturebox ca n't think of a relationship more appalling than the benign bond alleged to exist between mentor and prot , g , .
culturebox ca n't think of a relationship more appalling than the benign bond [supposed] to exist between mentor and prot , g , .

Frankly , I do n't see the alleged problem of racial discrimination that we need to remedy .
frankly , i do n't see the [supposed] problem of racial discrimination that we need to remedy .

The dark joke here , of course , is the late '60s and early '70s , and the social disorder we are alleged to have inherited from that period .
the dark joke here , of course , is the late '60s and early '70s , and the social disorder we are [supposed] to have inherited from that period .

Thousands of Italian civilians were killed during the German occupation of Italy from 1943 to 1945 , and an Anglo-American commission of inquiry passed on the names of many of the alleged perpetrators to the Italian authorities .
thousands of italian civilians were killed during the german occupation of italy from 1943 to 1945 , and an anglo-american commission of inquiry passed on the names of many of the [supposed] perpetrators to the italian authorities .

Newsweek tells the weird story of Jerry Stuchiner , a high-level Immigration & Naturalization Service agent alleged to have sold passports to illegal Chinese immigrants .
newsweek tells the weird story of jerry stuchiner , a high-level immigration & naturalization service agent [supposed] to have sold passports to illegal chinese immigrants .

Evidence : the disintegration of Rep. Joe Kennedy 's marriage and the alleged affair between Michael Kennedy and a teen-ager .
evidence : the disintegration of rep. joe kennedy 's marriage and the [supposed] affair between michael kennedy and a teen-ager .

The cover story rips Sen. Orrin Hatch for his alleged left-wing tendencies and says he 's too closely aligned with Ted Kennedy .
the cover story rips sen. orrin hatch for his [supposed] left-wing tendencies and says he 's too closely aligned with ted kennedy .

A story debunks the alleged links between racism and black illness ( the Standard published a similar story more than two months ago ) .
a story debunks the [supposed] links between racism and black illness ( the standard published a similar story more than two months ago ) .

The cover story tars Democratic superlawyer Richard Ben-Veniste for alleged misbehavior during the Whitewater investigation .
the cover story tars democratic superlawyer richard ben-veniste for [supposed] misbehavior during the whitewater investigation .

The visit is alleged to have come two weeks after Lewinsky was served with a subpoena in the Paula Jones case and one week before Lewinsky signed an affidavit swearing that she had not had a sexual relationship with Clinton .
the visit is [supposed] to have come two weeks after lewinsky was served with a subpoena in the paula jones case and one week before lewinsky signed an affidavit swearing that she had not had a sexual relationship with clinton .

The Post 's adjacent piece suggests that the report 's finding concerning alleged connections between Clinton money operatives and Chinese intelligence officials is in the same limbo .
the post 's adjacent piece suggests that the report 's finding concerning [supposed] connections between clinton money operatives and chinese intelligence officials is in the same limbo .

In discussing how when word leaked about Lewinsky , it put an end to any undercover usefulness she might have had , the NYT writes , `` The next day , word of her alleged affair with the president began seeping out on an Internet gossip site.. '' The Times , in other words , still ca n't bear to breathe the words `` Matt Drudge '' as a source of news .
in discussing how when word leaked about lewinsky , it put an end to any undercover usefulness she might have had , the nyt writes , `` the next day , word of her [supposed] affair with the president began seeping out on an internet gossip site.. '' the times , in other words , still ca n't bear to breathe the words `` matt drudge '' as a source of news .

In it , Willey says that Tripp was angry at her , not about the alleged grope , but because Willey got a White House job -- which Tripp attributed to Clinton 's interest in Willey while Tripp lost hers , .
in it , willey says that tripp was angry at her , not about the [supposed] grope , but because willey got a white house job -- which tripp attributed to clinton 's interest in willey while tripp lost hers , .

The Washington Post leads with the apparent intention of President Clinton 's lawyer in the Paula Jones case , Robert Bennett , to submit material to the trial judge today covering Jones ' past sex life to rebut her claim in her previous filings that her alleged encounter with Clinton left her with an alleged `` sexual aversion injury . ''
the washington post leads with the apparent intention of president clinton 's lawyer in the paula jones case , robert bennett , to submit material to the trial judge today covering jones ' past sex life to rebut her claim in her previous filings that her [supposed] encounter with clinton left her with an [supposed] `` sexual aversion injury . ''

The WP lead reports that Starr is investigating whether Kathleen Willey , a former White House aide alleged by Linda Tripp to have once received an unsolicited sexual advance from President Clinton in the Oval Office , was ever asked by people with Clinton ties to alter her testimony about such an incident .
the wp lead reports that starr is investigating whether kathleen willey , a former white house aide [supposed] by linda tripp to have once received an unsolicited sexual advance from president clinton in the oval office , was ever asked by people with clinton ties to alter her testimony about such an incident .

What gives the tale what the Post calls a `` Watergate-like intensity '' is the news that Starr purportedly has at least 20 hours of tape recordings of Lewinsky telling a fellow federal worker , Linda Tripp , about her alleged affair and about Clinton 's and Vernon Jordan 's cover-up instructions .
what gives the tale what the post calls a `` watergate-like intensity '' is the news that starr purportedly has at least 20 hours of tape recordings of lewinsky telling a fellow federal worker , linda tripp , about her [supposed] affair and about clinton 's and vernon jordan 's cover-up instructions .

The paper reports one explanation offered by the Clinton staff that shows the meeting rooms need better ventilation : Clinton 's comments during the 1992 campaign could be squared with his apparent admission during last Saturday 's deposition that he 'd had an affair with Gennifer Flowers because `` Clinton was only denying the precise descriptions of the affair that Flowers had publicly alleged -- not that any sex between them had occurred . ''
the paper reports one explanation offered by the clinton staff that shows the meeting rooms need better ventilation : clinton 's comments during the 1992 campaign could be squared with his apparent admission during last saturday 's deposition that he 'd had an affair with gennifer flowers because `` clinton was only denying the precise descriptions of the affair that flowers had publicly [supposed] -- not that any sex between them had occurred . ''

The Post goes a bit overboard with 120-plus words on an alleged conversation between Lewis and Lewinsky 's former White House supervisor that reveal nothing about the conversation except that it lasted less than five minutes and was not confrontational .
the post goes a bit overboard with 120-plus words on an [supposed] conversation between lewis and lewinsky 's former white house supervisor that reveal nothing about the conversation except that it lasted less than five minutes and was not confrontational .

Which is particularly odd given the frequency with which Times readers are left seriously confused about many of the paper 's more significant alleged redemptions and original sins .
which is particularly odd given the frequency with which times readers are left seriously confused about many of the paper 's more significant [supposed] redemptions and original sins .

The Washington Post reported back in 1977 that `` the fraternity of wholesalers and national distributors '' viewed Flynt and his alleged strong-arm tactics ( his brother supposedly beat up a wholesaler who could n't pay ) as `` an unwelcome addition to the scene . ''
the washington post reported back in 1977 that `` the fraternity of wholesalers and national distributors '' viewed flynt and his [supposed] strong-arm tactics ( his brother supposedly beat up a wholesaler who could n't pay ) as `` an unwelcome addition to the scene . ''

If we impose the Inverted Kathie Lee Gifford test -- asking how our attitude would change if it turned out that farmers in Guatemala were actually much cleaner than rumor had it -- we immediately see that our concern about foreign sanitary standards , unlike our alleged concern about foreign labor standards , is genuine .
if we impose the inverted kathie lee gifford test -- asking how our attitude would change if it turned out that farmers in guatemala were actually much cleaner than rumor had it -- we immediately see that our concern about foreign sanitary standards , unlike our [supposed] concern about foreign labor standards , is genuine .

He also supplied one-third of the budget of the Manufacturing Policy Program of Pat Choate , who ended up as Ross Perot 's running mate in 1996 but first became famous for his book Agents of Influence , about the alleged influence-buying practices of foreign governments and corporations .
he also supplied one-third of the budget of the manufacturing policy program of pat choate , who ended up as ross perot 's running mate in 1996 but first became famous for his book agents of influence , about the [supposed] influence-buying practices of foreign governments and corporations .

Sun Tzu is alleged to have written The Art of War some 2,500 years ago -- so he is n't personally plying the seminar circuit , but his translators and interpreters are , along with those promoting other military-history hall of famers like Attila the Hun , Karl Von Clausewitz , and the 17 th -century samurai who wrote A Book of Five Rings .
sun tzu is [supposed] to have written the art of war some 2,500 years ago -- so he is n't personally plying the seminar circuit , but his translators and interpreters are , along with those promoting other military-history hall of famers like attila the hun , karl von clausewitz , and the 17 th -century samurai who wrote a book of five rings .

A policy of good jobs in principle , but no jobs in practice , might assuage our consciences , but it is no favor to its alleged beneficiaries .
a policy of good jobs in principle , but no jobs in practice , might assuage our consciences , but it is no favor to its [supposed] beneficiaries .

The Wall Street Journal tops its `` Worldwide '' box with the arrests of hundreds of alleged debtors in Pakistan by the new military junta , a story fronted by no other paper .
the wall street journal tops its `` worldwide '' box with the arrests of hundreds of [supposed] debtors in pakistan by the new military junta , a story fronted by no other paper .

Gore has alleged in the past that he was protected in a different way at an earlier stage , but not out of a benign motive .
gore has [supposed] in the past that he was protected in a different way at an earlier stage , but not out of a benign motive .

Given that , what was so terrible about what Isikoff is alleged to have told Tripp ?
given that , what was so terrible about what isikoff is [supposed] to have told tripp ?

As previously reported by DRCNet , Salon , the New York Times , and the Washington Post , the new book , by Newsweek staffer Bill Turque , suggests that Gore 's youthful marijuana use was more extensive than the candidate has alleged since 1987 , when he first admitted having experimented with the illegal drug .
as previously reported by drcnet , salon , the new york times , and the washington post , the new book , by newsweek staffer bill turque , suggests that gore 's youthful marijuana use was more extensive than the candidate has [supposed] since 1987 , when he first admitted having experimented with the illegal drug .

The government alleged that the centers caused Medicare to pay for hundreds of thousands of needless tests for patients and had paid kickbacks to obtain referrals .
the government [supposed] that the centers caused medicare to pay for hundreds of thousands of needless tests for patients and had paid kickbacks to obtain referrals .

This week Gore alleged that he has `` always supported a woman 's right to choose . ''
this week gore [supposed] that he has `` always supported a woman 's right to choose . ''

The author notes that the alleged gap of 13 percent between civilian and military pay fails to take into account allowances for food and housing .
the author notes that the [supposed] gap of 13 percent between civilian and military pay fails to take into account allowances for food and housing .

The Lewinsky story leaked , and the press besieged White House spokesman Mike McCurry with questions about the alleged affair .
the lewinsky story leaked , and the press besieged white house spokesman mike mccurry with questions about the [supposed] affair .

Reporters hounded McCurry about details of the alleged affair and nuances in Clinton 's denials .
reporters hounded mccurry about details of the [supposed] affair and nuances in clinton 's denials .

When Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , held hearings on Microsoft 's alleged misdeeds , newspapers noted that Novell , a rival of Microsoft , is a major employer in his state .
when sen. orrin hatch , r-utah , held hearings on microsoft 's [supposed] misdeeds , newspapers noted that novell , a rival of microsoft , is a major employer in his state .

Archer won about $ 750,000 in damages against tabloid newspaper the Daily Star after it alleged that he had consorted with a prostitute .
archer won about $ 750,000 in damages against tabloid newspaper the daily star after it [supposed] that he had consorted with a prostitute .

Posner believes that `` predatory pricing '' ( the monopolist 's act of cutting prices to kill competition , as Microsoft is alleged to have done by giving away its Internet Explorer browser ) can almost never exist .
posner believes that `` predatory pricing '' ( the monopolist 's act of cutting prices to kill competition , as microsoft is [supposed] to have done by giving away its internet explorer browser ) can almost never exist .

The Independent of London reported alleged new evidence in the Louise Woodward baby-murder case that could cast doubt on her conviction for manslaughter in Boston .
the independent of london reported [supposed] new evidence in the louise woodward baby-murder case that could cast doubt on her conviction for manslaughter in boston .

The incident was alleged to have taken place around Christmas 1996 , just weeks before the former British au pair girl was arrested .
the incident was [supposed] to have taken place around christmas 1996 , just weeks before the former british au pair girl was arrested .

I should n't have believed his story about the alleged sex orgy staged by of a bunch of pot-smoking young Republicans at a D.C. convention .
i should n't have believed his story about the [supposed] sex orgy staged by of a bunch of pot-smoking young republicans at a d.c. convention .

Actually , Katz better resembles that other iconoclastic 1990s media hacker , Ted Kaczynski , the alleged Unabomber .
actually , katz better resembles that other iconoclastic 1990s media hacker , ted kaczynski , the [supposed] unabomber .

Trainspotting , the new movie about young Scottish junkies , provided another useful occasion for noting this alleged trend .
trainspotting , the new movie about young scottish junkies , provided another useful occasion for noting this [supposed] trend .

The alleged wealth accumulated in the stock market ca n't be realized all at once now , and probably ca n't be realized all at once decades from now .
the [supposed] wealth accumulated in the stock market ca n't be realized all at once now , and probably ca n't be realized all at once decades from now .

Just as the alleged inequity of head taxes is no vice , so may their vaunted efficiency be no virtue .
just as the [supposed] inequity of head taxes is no vice , so may their vaunted efficiency be no virtue .

Clinton 's detractors have argued that his alleged treatment of Lewinsky and Willey is a betrayal of the feminist values he professes .
clinton 's detractors have argued that his [supposed] treatment of lewinsky and willey is a betrayal of the feminist values he professes .

Festivities like the Volunteer Summit address a national psychological need -- for the rhetoric and rallying-round of wartime -- as much as they do the practical problem that is their alleged subject .
festivities like the volunteer summit address a national psychological need -- for the rhetoric and rallying-round of wartime -- as much as they do the practical problem that is their [supposed] subject .

Has the military avoided the alleged poison of reverse discrimination ?
has the military avoided the [supposed] poison of reverse discrimination ?

One of the review 's major complaints was about my alleged failure to realize that Darwinism is a thoroughgoing vindication of the reviewer 's various political beliefs ( e.g. , the impossibility of racial harmony ) .
one of the review 's major complaints was about my [supposed] failure to realize that darwinism is a thoroughgoing vindication of the reviewer 's various political beliefs ( e.g. , the impossibility of racial harmony ) .

Anyway , setting aside Hillary 's own alleged dime-store psychologizing about why her husband is a womanizer , let 's look at what Franks writes about whether the president is in psychotherapy :
anyway , setting aside hillary 's own [supposed] dime-store psychologizing about why her husband is a womanizer , let 's look at what franks writes about whether the president is in psychotherapy :

The NYT reports that immediately after last summer 's terrorist bombing of two American embassies in Africa , the government of Sudan detained two suspects , only to angrily release them after the U.S. conducted a cruise missile strike against an alleged chemical weapons facility in Sudan .
the nyt reports that immediately after last summer 's terrorist bombing of two american embassies in africa , the government of sudan detained two suspects , only to angrily release them after the u.s. conducted a cruise missile strike against an [supposed] chemical weapons facility in sudan .

The Washington Post reported last week that James Carville -- angered by alleged misinterpretations of the Lady 's interview in Talk -- was going to put classified ads in the paper promising $ 100,000 `` to any reporter who can show me that Hillary Clinton linked the president 's sexual misconduct with his childhood . ''
the washington post reported last week that james carville -- angered by [supposed] misinterpretations of the lady 's interview in talk -- was going to put classified ads in the paper promising $ 100,000 `` to any reporter who can show me that hillary clinton linked the president 's sexual misconduct with his childhood . ''

I love evergreen headlines , those perpetually blooming stories that could run in any newspaper , any year ( an example : `` New Jersey Official Indicted , Mob Ties Alleged '' ) .
i love evergreen headlines , those perpetually blooming stories that could run in any newspaper , any year ( an example : `` new jersey official indicted , mob ties [supposed] '' ) .

The alleged `` special favor '' for Buffett , however , really is a change in the general law , for better or worse , and not a sweetheart deal just for him .
the [supposed] `` special favor '' for buffett , however , really is a change in the general law , for better or worse , and not a sweetheart deal just for him .

In the bail hearing , U.S. attorneys alleged that Lee 1 ) stole nuclear secrets `` sufficient to build a functional thermonuclear weapon '' ; 2 ) stored this information on a computer network easily accessible to outsiders ; and 3 ) told a colleague that he `` may have accidentally '' disclosed secrets to a foreign country .
in the bail hearing , u.s. attorneys [supposed] that lee 1 ) stole nuclear secrets `` sufficient to build a functional thermonuclear weapon '' ; 2 ) stored this information on a computer network easily accessible to outsiders ; and 3 ) told a colleague that he `` may have accidentally '' disclosed secrets to a foreign country .

Matt Drudge has taken very little interest in the tale of the candidate 's alleged affair .
matt drudge has taken very little interest in the tale of the candidate 's [supposed] affair .

In 1976 , Jimmy Carter stressed his character , by which he meant his ( alleged ) honesty .
in 1976 , jimmy carter stressed his character , by which he meant his ( [supposed] ) honesty .

You only have to imagine a state policy applying the high-school quota system to , say , basketball scholarships -- and explicitly being praised by state officials as a way to increase the number of white basketball players -- to realize how empty the claims are that this arrangement avoids the alleged evil of racial preference .
you only have to imagine a state policy applying the high-school quota system to , say , basketball scholarships -- and explicitly being praised by state officials as a way to increase the number of white basketball players -- to realize how empty the claims are that this arrangement avoids the [supposed] evil of racial preference .

Zundel hired Leuchter to go to Auschwitz and examine the `` alleged '' gas chambers : Footage ( taken by Zundel 's cameraman ) shows the little man chiseling at walls , vandalizing what even he admits are international shrines .
zundel hired leuchter to go to auschwitz and examine the `` [supposed] '' gas chambers : footage ( taken by zundel 's cameraman ) shows the little man chiseling at walls , vandalizing what even he admits are international shrines .

This is the political version of the basketball moment when an exasperated player turns to the ref and points out his opponent 's alleged foul .
this is the political version of the basketball moment when an exasperated player turns to the ref and points out his opponent 's [supposed] foul .

What actually inspires such lists is a love of distinction-making for its own sake , which sits oddly with our alleged democratic principles .
what actually inspires such lists is a love of distinction-making for its own sake , which sits oddly with our [supposed] democratic principles .

Certainly this argument applies in the case of alleged rape by a president even more currently popular than the governor of Texas .
certainly this argument applies in the case of [supposed] rape by a president even more currently popular than the governor of texas .

Since Britain did n't sign the global treaty on crimes against humanity until 1988 , this means Pinochet 's alleged pre-1988 crimes -- nearly all the charges against him -- ca n't be used as a basis for extraditing him .
since britain did n't sign the global treaty on crimes against humanity until 1988 , this means pinochet 's [supposed] pre-1988 crimes -- nearly all the charges against him -- ca n't be used as a basis for extraditing him .

Recently , the MSNBC Web site hosted one live chat with Dilbert creator Scott Adams and another one with ( alleged ) Serbian war criminal Arkan .
recently , the msnbc web site hosted one live chat with dilbert creator scott adams and another one with ( [supposed] ) serbian war criminal arkan .

Among the alleged violations : `` insufficient training '' of review board members , `` potential financial conflicts of interest with some board members , '' and inadequate supervision of informed-consent procedures .
among the [supposed] violations : `` insufficient training '' of review board members , `` potential financial conflicts of interest with some board members , '' and inadequate supervision of informed-consent procedures .

Zhu , who is visiting Washington , told reporters that 1 ) he has `` no knowledge '' of the alleged nuclear espionage ; 2 ) he is `` impatient '' to improve China 's human rights practices ; and 3 ) if he had meant to influence the 1996 U.S. presidential election , he would have shelled out a lot more than the $ 300,000 China is accused of funneling to the Clinton campaign .
zhu , who is visiting washington , told reporters that 1 ) he has `` no knowledge '' of the [supposed] nuclear espionage ; 2 ) he is `` impatient '' to improve china 's human rights practices ; and 3 ) if he had meant to influence the 1996 u.s. presidential election , he would have shelled out a lot more than the $ 300,000 china is accused of funneling to the clinton campaign .

The alleged author of the Melissa virus was busted .
the [supposed] author of the melissa virus was busted .

Everyone assumes the reason is Arnett 's role as correspondent in last year 's CNN Newsstand report that alleged use of lethal nerve gas by the U.S. military in Vietnam .
everyone assumes the reason is arnett 's role as correspondent in last year 's cnn newsstand report that [supposed] use of lethal nerve gas by the u.s. military in vietnam .

The truth is that most Republican leaders do n't actually take their alleged position on abortion seriously .
the truth is that most republican leaders do n't actually take their [supposed] position on abortion seriously .

The charges relate to his alleged destruction of an on-board videotape that recorded the accident .
the charges relate to his [supposed] destruction of an on-board videotape that recorded the accident .

The trial is officially about whether Steele obstructed Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr 's investigation of Clinton when she denied knowing about the alleged advance , but the media 's unofficial interest is in whether Clinton did it and how much lurid detail the trial will provide .
the trial is officially about whether steele obstructed independent counsel kenneth starr 's investigation of clinton when she denied knowing about the [supposed] advance , but the media 's unofficial interest is in whether clinton did it and how much lurid detail the trial will provide .

Clinton 's alleged sexual offenses have progressed along a spectrum of violence , from consensual adultery ( Flowers ) to unwanted solicitation ( Jones ) to unwanted groping ( Kathleen Willey ) to rape ( Broaddrick ) .
clinton 's [supposed] sexual offenses have progressed along a spectrum of violence , from consensual adultery ( flowers ) to unwanted solicitation ( jones ) to unwanted groping ( kathleen willey ) to rape ( broaddrick ) .

It was Dowd , after all , who wrote the story of Frank Sinatra 's alleged affair with Nancy Reagan , as chronicled in Kitty Kelley 's biography of Nancy , on the front page of the New York Times .
it was dowd , after all , who wrote the story of frank sinatra 's [supposed] affair with nancy reagan , as chronicled in kitty kelley 's biography of nancy , on the front page of the new york times .

The Star has alleged it was a suicide bid .
the star has [supposed] it was a suicide bid .

A few have conceded Clinton 's guilt on the perjury charge , but the rest have either denied that the case was proved or have dodged the question by arguing that either way , the alleged crimes would n't merit the president 's removal .
a few have conceded clinton 's guilt on the perjury charge , but the rest have either denied that the case was proved or have dodged the question by arguing that either way , the [supposed] crimes would n't merit the president 's removal .

Steele , it 's been alleged , has at various times offered three different stories :
steele , it 's been [supposed] , has at various times offered three different stories :

Prior to the Walters accusation in the Kitty Kelley book , no one had ever accused Ronald Reagan of anything remotely approaching the sort of behavior alleged .
prior to the walters accusation in the kitty kelley book , no one had ever accused ronald reagan of anything remotely approaching the sort of behavior [supposed] .

In Albania Sunday , the pro-Democratic Party daily eAlbaniai blamed the Albanian socialist government 's alleged involvement in organized crime for Italy 's recent decision to freeze aid to the country .
in albania sunday , the pro-democratic party daily ealbaniai blamed the albanian socialist government 's [supposed] involvement in organized crime for italy 's recent decision to freeze aid to the country .

Scott writes : `` On Jan. 8 last year , shortly after she had testified in the Paula Jones trial , Willey reportedly had a frightening encounter with a jogger near her house in Richmond , Va. '' Fact : As I mentioned , the alleged incident on Jan. 8 was three days before Willey testified in the Jones case .
scott writes : `` on jan. 8 last year , shortly after she had testified in the paula jones trial , willey reportedly had a frightening encounter with a jogger near her house in richmond , va. '' fact : as i mentioned , the [supposed] incident on jan. 8 was three days before willey testified in the jones case .

The prefect , Bernard Bonnet , who was sent to Napoleon 's island by the socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin to impose law and order on unruly Corsican nationalists , is alleged to have ordered his police force to burn down a beach restaurant as an example to them .
the prefect , bernard bonnet , who was sent to napoleon 's island by the socialist prime minister lionel jospin to impose law and order on unruly corsican nationalists , is [supposed] to have ordered his police force to burn down a beach restaurant as an example to them .

Prudie feels certain that young tourists are safe from the alleged scandalous behavior .
prudie feels certain that young tourists are safe from the [supposed] scandalous behavior .

In resting their case on an alleged violation of the law and not on policy differences , the Republicans conceded that impeachment had to amount to more than a parliamentary-style vote of no confidence .
in resting their case on an [supposed] violation of the law and not on policy differences , the republicans conceded that impeachment had to amount to more than a parliamentary-style vote of no confidence .

Clinton 's guards are being forced to tell all about the president 's alleged affair with Monica Lewinsky .
clinton 's guards are being forced to tell all about the president 's [supposed] affair with monica lewinsky .

Are Clinton 's alleged short episodes of physical assault more reprehensible than Thomas ' alleged two-and-a-half-year verbal assault ?
are clinton 's [supposed] short episodes of physical assault more reprehensible than thomas ' [supposed] two-and-a-half-year verbal assault ?

She received regular pay increases and promotions after the alleged incident .
she received regular pay increases and promotions after the [supposed] incident .

Addiction : Following the Lewinsky scandal , much has been made of Clinton 's alleged `` sexaholism , '' his pathological inability to control his sexual appetites .
addiction : following the lewinsky scandal , much has been made of clinton 's [supposed] `` sexaholism , '' his pathological inability to control his sexual appetites .

Special circumstances : Thomas ' alleged harassment is deemed especially damning because it occurred while he headed the EEOC and was simultaneously approving regulations for workplace harassment .
special circumstances : thomas ' [supposed] harassment is deemed especially damning because it occurred while he headed the eeoc and was simultaneously approving regulations for workplace harassment .

Some Clinton defenders argue that the voters knew about the president 's alleged proclivities , if they did n't know the details of any particular case , and implicitly accepted them when they elected him twice .
some clinton defenders argue that the voters knew about the president 's [supposed] proclivities , if they did n't know the details of any particular case , and implicitly accepted them when they elected him twice .

This is n't exactly a defense of Clinton 's alleged behavior , but it has the same practical effect .
this is n't exactly a defense of clinton 's [supposed] behavior , but it has the same practical effect .

Pundits tend to like the Schultz position because it allows them to continue to defend the idea of sexual harassment law while attacking cases like Paula Jones ' , which focuses on an alleged sexual act but makes no convincing showing of damage to her career .
pundits tend to like the schultz position because it allows them to continue to defend the idea of sexual harassment law while attacking cases like paula jones ' , which focuses on an [supposed] sexual act but makes no convincing showing of damage to her career .

Steinem and others in her camp , such as Backlash author Susan Faludi , argue there is no inconsistency between their support of Clinton and condemnations of Packwood and Thomas : Unlike Clinton , they argue , Packwood and Thomas interpreted `` no '' as `` yes '' and repeated their unwelcome advances ( although most of Packwood 's alleged passes were single tries ) .
steinem and others in her camp , such as backlash author susan faludi , argue there is no inconsistency between their support of clinton and condemnations of packwood and thomas : unlike clinton , they argue , packwood and thomas interpreted `` no '' as `` yes '' and repeated their unwelcome advances ( although most of packwood 's [supposed] passes were single tries ) .

Is this alleged right-wing conspiracy an invention of a left-wing conspiracy ?
is this [supposed] right-wing conspiracy an invention of a left-wing conspiracy ?

The reporters say Hale repeatedly received payments that originated with Pittsburgh billionaire Richard Mellon Scaif e -- the alleged ringmaster of a right-wing conspiracy aimed at the Clinton presidency .
the reporters say hale repeatedly received payments that originated with pittsburgh billionaire richard mellon scaif e -- the [supposed] ringmaster of a right-wing conspiracy aimed at the clinton presidency .

Between 1993 and 1997 , Scaife gave the Spectator and the foundation that runs it $ 2.4 million to track down dirt on Clinton 's alleged malfeasance .
between 1993 and 1997 , scaife gave the spectator and the foundation that runs it $ 2.4 million to track down dirt on clinton 's [supposed] malfeasance .

Newsweek 's Michael Isikoff , then at the Washington Post , reported Hale 's story on Nov. 2 , 1993 -- months before the Spectator made any of the alleged payments to Hale .
newsweek 's michael isikoff , then at the washington post , reported hale 's story on nov. 2 , 1993 -- months before the spectator made any of the [supposed] payments to hale .

There is no evidence that the pair repeated any of these alleged sins in their reporting on Hale .
there is no evidence that the pair repeated any of these [supposed] sins in their reporting on hale .

Since Nuremberg , the most prominent trials of alleged Nazi war criminals have been held outside Germany .
since nuremberg , the most prominent trials of [supposed] nazi war criminals have been held outside germany .

Meanwhile , the alleged architects of `` ethnic cleansing '' -- Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic -- are still free .
meanwhile , the [supposed] architects of `` ethnic cleansing '' -- radovan karadzic and ratko mladic -- are still free .

Asking why President Clinton would have sex with all the women he is alleged to have had sex with is like asking why a hungry man would want to eat .
asking why president clinton would have sex with all the women he is [supposed] to have had sex with is like asking why a hungry man would want to eat .

Newsweek 's Jonathan Alter blames Clinton 's alleged sexcapades on the rush that some addictive personalities experience from the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine during sex .
newsweek 's jonathan alter blames clinton 's [supposed] sexcapades on the rush that some addictive personalities experience from the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine during sex .

An Oedipal permutation of this theory blames his affairs specifically on an early deficit of motherly attention and notes that many of his alleged lovers bear a resemblance to Virginia .
an oedipal permutation of this theory blames his affairs specifically on an early deficit of motherly attention and notes that many of his [supposed] lovers bear a resemblance to virginia .

Assuming , for purposes of argument , that most of what has been alleged by Republicans is true , the Indonesian scandal potentially involves three categories of wrongdoing : 1 ) accepting illegal contributions ; 2 ) trading favors for contributions ; and 3 ) misusing a government position to raise campaign money .
assuming , for purposes of argument , that most of what has been [supposed] by republicans is true , the indonesian scandal potentially involves three categories of wrongdoing : 1 ) accepting illegal contributions ; 2 ) trading favors for contributions ; and 3 ) misusing a government position to raise campaign money .

Other alleged sources now claim to have specifically denied the allegations .
other [supposed] sources now claim to have specifically denied the allegations .

The solution is to make the independent prosecutor a permanent office , rather than appointing a new one every time a scandal or alleged scandal comes along .
the solution is to make the independent prosecutor a permanent office , rather than appointing a new one every time a scandal or [supposed] scandal comes along .

Often in the past , when chasing some alleged miscreant , the press has brushed aside the question of what exactly is wrong with the explanation that the situation creates the perception of impropriety .
often in the past , when chasing some [supposed] miscreant , the press has brushed aside the question of what exactly is wrong with the explanation that the situation creates the perception of impropriety .

Do not look for articles in Brill 's Content exposing how the media were enslaved by Steve Brill ( like the article in the premier issue exposing the media 's alleged enslavement by Kenneth Starr ) .
do not look for articles in brill 's content exposing how the media were enslaved by steve brill ( like the article in the premier issue exposing the media 's [supposed] enslavement by kenneth starr ) .

One product of the mixture was the Paula Jones lawsuit , which was filed not only against Clinton but also against one of Brock 's own trooper witnesses , who alleged that `` Paula '' did not flee the governor 's hotel room as promptly as she recalls .
one product of the mixture was the paula jones lawsuit , which was filed not only against clinton but also against one of brock 's own trooper witnesses , who [supposed] that `` paula '' did not flee the governor 's hotel room as promptly as she recalls .

Like all responsible media outlets , Slate deplores the deplorable situation that forces us to discuss deplorable matters such as alleged fellatio in the White House rather than global warming or the strategic balance in the Persian Gulf .
like all responsible media outlets , slate deplores the deplorable situation that forces us to discuss deplorable matters such as [supposed] fellatio in the white house rather than global warming or the strategic balance in the persian gulf .

For that matter the general public , though generally disgusted ( whether by the alleged activity or the process that made it a public issue or both ) , has also gained considerable pleasure and excitement from this admittedly deplorable episode .
for that matter the general public , though generally disgusted ( whether by the [supposed] activity or the process that made it a public issue or both ) , has also gained considerable pleasure and excitement from this admittedly deplorable episode .

It reported that White House officials had tipped off the Democratic National Committee in 1995 about Grigori Loutchansky , a bad-egg Latvian businessman with alleged ties to the Russian Mafia .
it reported that white house officials had tipped off the democratic national committee in 1995 about grigori loutchansky , a bad-egg latvian businessman with [supposed] ties to the russian mafia .

The London Sunday Times had mentioned the alleged Qaddafi plot , comically reasoning that the government claims the story is untrue , and something that never happened can not be an Official Secret .
the london sunday times had mentioned the [supposed] qaddafi plot , comically reasoning that the government claims the story is untrue , and something that never happened can not be an official secret .

Even if all 1,500 were genuine victims , it would not remotely approach the kind of systematic sadism alleged by Finance Chairman William Roth Jr. and his fellow Republicans .
even if all 1,500 were genuine victims , it would not remotely approach the kind of systematic sadism [supposed] by finance chairman william roth jr. and his fellow republicans .

The Washington columnist spells his name Rowland Evans , not Roland as Slate 's `` Pundit Central '' alleged last week .
the washington columnist spells his name rowland evans , not roland as slate 's `` pundit central '' [supposed] last week .

The case attracted national attention because she claimed that her contributions to his career -- maintaining their home , entertaining his associates , advising him on personnel -- constituted a business partnership entitling her to half his alleged $ 100-million-plus worth , instead of the lesser percentage usually awarded to ex-wives of multimillionaires .
the case attracted national attention because she claimed that her contributions to his career -- maintaining their home , entertaining his associates , advising him on personnel -- constituted a business partnership entitling her to half his [supposed] $ 100-million-plus worth , instead of the lesser percentage usually awarded to ex-wives of multimillionaires .

The Federal Trade Commission sued Intel for alleged antitrust violations .
the federal trade commission sued intel for [supposed] antitrust violations .

An alleged copycat case of three white men dragging a black man from a car has been recanted .
an [supposed] copycat case of three white men dragging a black man from a car has been recanted .

A black man in Louisiana , whose report of the alleged crime was picked up in the national press and was being investigated as a hate crime ( after the recent murder in Texas ) , has admitted he fabricated the story .
a black man in louisiana , whose report of the [supposed] crime was picked up in the national press and was being investigated as a hate crime ( after the recent murder in texas ) , has admitted he fabricated the story .

The defendant is Ukrainian and is alleged to have told a companion , `` I shot the nigger . ''
the defendant is ukrainian and is [supposed] to have told a companion , `` i shot the nigger . ''

Early speculation focused on Hartman 's alleged affairs , his demanding career , and his wife 's history of substance abuse .
early speculation focused on hartman 's [supposed] affairs , his demanding career , and his wife 's history of substance abuse .

The alleged offenses : abusing its monopoly power and using pressure tactics against uncooperative computer makers .
the [supposed] offenses : abusing its monopoly power and using pressure tactics against uncooperative computer makers .

Earlier this summer the alleged Mexican drug baron Amado Carrillo Fuentes apparently died on the operating table while undergoing cosmetic surgery of Trojan horse amplitude ; law-enforcement officials needed to perform forensic testing to confirm that the decedent was , in fact , Carrillo .
earlier this summer the [supposed] mexican drug baron amado carrillo fuentes apparently died on the operating table while undergoing cosmetic surgery of trojan horse amplitude ; law-enforcement officials needed to perform forensic testing to confirm that the decedent was , in fact , carrillo .

Northop alleged that the condom 's name was `` likely to cause confusion , or to cause mistake , or to deceive , '' a concern that might have been more understandable if each condom came with a billion-dollar price tag .
northop [supposed] that the condom 's name was `` likely to cause confusion , or to cause mistake , or to deceive , '' a concern that might have been more understandable if each condom came with a billion-dollar price tag .

Having considered child abuse and its attendant ills from all sorts of angles -- alleged Satanists , celebrity molesters , recovered memories , day-care witch trials -- James Kincaid , a professor of English at the University of Southern California , has concluded that at its root the problem is a matter of genre .
having considered child abuse and its attendant ills from all sorts of angles -- [supposed] satanists , celebrity molesters , recovered memories , day-care witch trials -- james kincaid , a professor of english at the university of southern california , has concluded that at its root the problem is a matter of genre .

It landed Richard Shelby on NBC 's Meet the Press one day later , giving Shelby a highly visible platform from which to scream and yell about the alleged security breach .
it landed richard shelby on nbc 's meet the press one day later , giving shelby a highly visible platform from which to scream and yell about the [supposed] security breach .

These four witnesses told NBC they heard Broaddrick talk about the alleged rape around the time it allegedly occurred in 1978 .
these four witnesses told nbc they heard broaddrick talk about the [supposed] rape around the time it allegedly occurred in 1978 .

The WP reports that `` after three days of intensive investigation , federal officials said they have yet to find any link between Middle East terrorist groups and two suspects arrested Thursday in an alleged suicide-bomb plot to attack New York subways . ''
the wp reports that `` after three days of intensive investigation , federal officials said they have yet to find any link between middle east terrorist groups and two suspects arrested thursday in an [supposed] suicide-bomb plot to attack new york subways . ''

Kelley 's sourcing of the alleged Reagan rape is not much worse than the sourcing of the alleged Clinton rape .
kelley 's sourcing of the [supposed] reagan rape is not much worse than the sourcing of the [supposed] clinton rape .

My suburb , Pelham , is Westchester 's alleged literary-media colony , but I have never been to a single social event here where a hothouse conversation about the Industry could be sustained for more than about half an hour before it slowly flutters back to home ground : the town and the kids .
my suburb , pelham , is westchester 's [supposed] literary-media colony , but i have never been to a single social event here where a hothouse conversation about the industry could be sustained for more than about half an hour before it slowly flutters back to home ground : the town and the kids .

During the simultaneous controversies over the health care task force , her killing in cattle futures , and her alleged meddling in the White House travel office , she invited reporters into the East Room to hear her explain herself .
during the simultaneous controversies over the health care task force , her killing in cattle futures , and her [supposed] meddling in the white house travel office , she invited reporters into the east room to hear her explain herself .

Considering his abusive , alcoholic stepfather , his substance abusing brother , his mother 's penchant for gambling , and his own compulsive eating and alleged womanizing , Clinton 's family looked like a case study in a codependency book .
considering his abusive , alcoholic stepfather , his substance abusing brother , his mother 's penchant for gambling , and his own compulsive eating and [supposed] womanizing , clinton 's family looked like a case study in a codependency book .

As Joseph Lelyveld , executive editor of The New York Times , recently told The New York Observer , `` [ I ] t was always clear that given [ Clinton 's ] alleged history , reckless philandering in the White House would be a story . ''
as joseph lelyveld , executive editor of the new york times , recently told the new york observer , `` [ i ] t was always clear that given [ clinton 's ] [supposed] history , reckless philandering in the white house would be a story . ''

Something nags about the story of the ( yes , yes , ) alleged affair between Clinton and his very own Fiddle , Monica Lewinsky .
something nags about the story of the ( yes , yes , ) [supposed] affair between clinton and his very own fiddle , monica lewinsky .

It 's debatable , however , how fully the public was informed of the extent of Clinton 's alleged womanizing .
it 's debatable , however , how fully the public was informed of the extent of clinton 's [supposed] womanizing .

As Newsweek recently reported , among other tactics , the campaign paid $ 100,000 to private investigator Jack Palladino to find and discredit alleged Clinton paramours .
as newsweek recently reported , among other tactics , the campaign paid $ 100,000 to private investigator jack palladino to find and discredit [supposed] clinton paramours .

The WP notes that the alleged spying was one of three cases of purported espionage .
the wp notes that the [supposed] spying was one of three cases of purported espionage .

The appeal had alleged jury prejudice brought about by news coverage of the case .
the appeal had [supposed] jury prejudice brought about by news coverage of the case .

Speaking of ethics and investigations , everyone reports U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno 's decision to spare Harold Ickes an independent counsel investigation into his alleged cover-up of campaign finance chicanery in the last Presidential election .
speaking of ethics and investigations , everyone reports u.s. attorney general janet reno 's decision to spare harold ickes an independent counsel investigation into his [supposed] cover-up of campaign finance chicanery in the last presidential election .

The House Saturday rammed home its point that Clinton 's alleged lying meets the standard of `` high crimes and misdemeanors '' and is not the sex-sullied triviality that the Clinton defense team contends .
the house saturday rammed home its point that clinton 's [supposed] lying meets the standard of `` high crimes and misdemeanors '' and is not the sex-sullied triviality that the clinton defense team contends .

Blumenthal is wanted because of the possibility that his testimony will illustrate how Clinton 's lies to aides were used to spin the grand jury and for his alleged role in planting negative stories about Lewinsky .
blumenthal is wanted because of the possibility that his testimony will illustrate how clinton 's lies to aides were used to spin the grand jury and for his [supposed] role in planting negative stories about lewinsky .

According to the WP , the proposal would have the Senate voting by the fourth day of the trial about whether or not the alleged offenses , even if proven , would count as high crimes and misdemeanors .
according to the wp , the proposal would have the senate voting by the fourth day of the trial about whether or not the [supposed] offenses , even if proven , would count as high crimes and misdemeanors .

Two other white men are awaiting trials for their alleged part in the grisly murder of a 49-year-old black man .
two other white men are awaiting trials for their [supposed] part in the grisly murder of a 49-year-old black man .

Details of the alleged encounter echo the ones revealed on the op-ed page of Friday 's Wall Street Journal : then-gubernatorial candidate Clinton invited an innocent Broaddrick to have coffee in his hotel room , and then forced himself on her , biting and bruising her lips .
details of the [supposed] encounter echo the ones revealed on the op-ed page of friday 's wall street journal : then-gubernatorial candidate clinton invited an innocent broaddrick to have coffee in his hotel room , and then forced himself on her , biting and bruising her lips .

The LAT and NYT headlines focus the most on President Clinton 's alleged conduct , with the former citing charges of `` perjury '' and `` obstruction , '' and the latter charges of `` egregious and criminal conduct . ''
the lat and nyt headlines focus the most on president clinton 's [supposed] conduct , with the former citing charges of `` perjury '' and `` obstruction , '' and the latter charges of `` egregious and criminal conduct . ''

The paper points out that this is a landmark development , because while experts have long claimed that nearly one-fourth of all American cigarettes sold overseas get there through smuggling rings , the companies have previously always denied allegations that top executives knew of or were involved in any such alleged illicit traffic .
the paper points out that this is a landmark development , because while experts have long claimed that nearly one-fourth of all american cigarettes sold overseas get there through smuggling rings , the companies have previously always denied allegations that top executives knew of or were involved in any such [supposed] illicit traffic .

Everybody fronts yesterday 's 5-4 Supreme Court ruling that the 2000 Census must be an actual headcount , not the statistical sampling that 's alleged to be more accurate .
everybody fronts yesterday 's 5-4 supreme court ruling that the 2000 census must be an actual headcount , not the statistical sampling that 's [supposed] to be more accurate .

Actually , the paper says `` alleged '' phone sex conversations .
actually , the paper says `` [supposed] '' phone sex conversations .

Most of the stories get a little lost among all these trees , with the LAT alone in high up clearly sighting the forest : the ruling will probably `` make it more difficult for [ Starr ] to obtain evidence of alleged criminal wrongdoing by Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton , '' Hubbell 's former law partner .
most of the stories get a little lost among all these trees , with the lat alone in high up clearly sighting the forest : the ruling will probably `` make it more difficult for [ starr ] to obtain evidence of [supposed] criminal wrongdoing by lady hillary rodham clinton , '' hubbell 's former law partner .

Stories further detailing the alleged attacker 's nutso personality get front-page play at the WP , NYT , LAT and USAT .
stories further detailing the [supposed] attacker 's nutso personality get front-page play at the wp , nyt , lat and usat .

The LAT leads with the California Supreme Court 's ruling that women may not sue Dow Chemical Co. for any alleged harm caused by its breast implant subsidiary Dow Corning Corp .
the lat leads with the california supreme court 's ruling that women may not sue dow chemical co. for any [supposed] harm caused by its breast implant subsidiary dow corning corp .

All three were inclined to uninformed etymology or ignorant censure , he alleged .
all three were inclined to uninformed etymology or ignorant censure , he [supposed] .

We would say , for example , that gone in He has gone is a past participle but an adjective in He is gone ( if only because English does not use the verb to be as an auxiliary , the way French does ) ; alleged in it was alleged is clearly a past participle , but in the alleged culprit it is an adjective .
we would say , for example , that gone in he has gone is a past participle but an adjective in he is gone ( if only because english does not use the verb to be as an auxiliary , the way french does ) ; [supposed] in it was [supposed] is clearly a past participle , but in the [supposed] culprit it is an adjective .

Some are wonderfully playful , such as pinky-panky-poo , or simply wonderful , such as scurch and dreuwhy ( the latter alleged to have been drawn from the ancient Welsh ) .
some are wonderfully playful , such as pinky-panky-poo , or simply wonderful , such as scurch and dreuwhy ( the latter [supposed] to have been drawn from the ancient welsh ) .

Thus , in “ Redundancy in Natural Languages ” [ XVII,3 ] , Mr. Steve Bonner cites two German nouns , Autoreparaturwerkstatt and Haupthandelsartikel , as being “ simply longer than they strictly need to be. ” These two are alleged to mean ` garage ' and ` staple . '
thus , in “ redundancy in natural languages ” [ xvii,3 ] , mr. steve bonner cites two german nouns , autoreparaturwerkstatt and haupthandelsartikel , as being “ simply longer than they strictly need to be. ” these two are [supposed] to mean ` garage ' and ` staple . '

It is alleged that in German the term is ( mythically ) gonken ... You 're gonking me .
it is [supposed] that in german the term is ( mythically ) gonken ... you 're gonking me .

It reminded me of a little jingle that I read years ago in some college ( alleged ) humor magazine and which I rescue here from a well-earned oblivion :
it reminded me of a little jingle that i read years ago in some college ( [supposed] ) humor magazine and which i rescue here from a well-earned oblivion :

Under this last heading , among the many alleged undesirables in Juvenal 's Rome is what he calls in a memorable phrase Graeculus esuriens , the “ hungry little Greek. ” In Johnson 's poem this becomes a “ fasting Mounseer. ” Of the despised and wily but accommodating Greek , Juvenal says In caelum iusseris , ibit : “ Tell him to go to the sky , and he will be off. ” For Johnson 's Frenchie this becomes , “ Bid him go to hell , to hell he goes . ”
under this last heading , among the many [supposed] undesirables in juvenal 's rome is what he calls in a memorable phrase graeculus esuriens , the “ hungry little greek. ” in johnson 's poem this becomes a “ fasting mounseer. ” of the despised and wily but accommodating greek , juvenal says in caelum iusseris , ibit : “ tell him to go to the sky , and he will be off. ” for johnson 's frenchie this becomes , “ bid him go to hell , to hell he goes . ”

