It alleviates the burden of costs by providing financial assistance to litigants who can satisfy a means test , and a merits test and provide the contribution towards their own costs which may be required under the rules of eligibility .
it [eases] the burden of costs by providing financial assistance to litigants who can satisfy a means test , and a merits test and provide the contribution towards their own costs which may be required under the rules of eligibility .

The consensus of opinion is that a modular approach alleviates the problem .
the consensus of opinion is that a modular approach [eases] the problem .

Although we shall support the Bill because we believe that any measure that alleviates the terrible problem of repossessions is to be welcomed , the way in which the Minister presented it suggests that there is no problem .
although we shall support the bill because we believe that any measure that [eases] the terrible problem of repossessions is to be welcomed , the way in which the minister presented it suggests that there is no problem .

However , virtually all patients can benefit from rehabilitation and learn to do at least a little for themselves , which alleviates some of the burden on the carer .
however , virtually all patients can benefit from rehabilitation and learn to do at least a little for themselves , which [eases] some of the burden on the carer .

In short , nothing in the stories alleviates a creeping suspicion that this disease , while of great concern to newspaper editors with summer places in Connecticut and children at Camp Heapumwampum , is hardly on a par with say , rat bites , lead-paint poisoning , and malnutrition suffered by inner-city kids .
in short , nothing in the stories [eases] a creeping suspicion that this disease , while of great concern to newspaper editors with summer places in connecticut and children at camp heapumwampum , is hardly on a par with say , rat bites , lead-paint poisoning , and malnutrition suffered by inner-city kids .

