A lady , you made clear to me both by precept and example , never raised her voice or slumped in her chair , never failed in social tact ( in heaven , for instance , would not mention St. John the Baptist's head ) , never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company , never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture , never indulged in public scenes or private confidences , never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering , never gossiped or maligned , never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself .
a lady , you made clear to me both by precept and example , never raised her voice or slumped in her chair , never failed in social tact ( in heaven , for instance , would not mention st. john the baptist's head ) , never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company , never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture , never indulged in public scenes or private confidences , never spoke of money save in terms of [easing] suffering , never gossiped or maligned , never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself .

Informal discussions have taken place between members of the English and Welsh unions with a view to alleviating domestic fixture congestion .
informal discussions have taken place between members of the english and welsh unions with a view to [easing] domestic fixture congestion .

More traditional home grown ways of alleviating unemployment meanwhile have been outlined in each of the major parties ' manifestoes .
more traditional home grown ways of [easing] unemployment meanwhile have been outlined in each of the major parties ' manifestoes .

Road pricing has been up for discussion for some time as a possible way of alleviating the high levels of traffic congestion in many city centres .
road pricing has been up for discussion for some time as a possible way of [easing] the high levels of traffic congestion in many city centres .

Fortunately , our neutering scheme has gone a long way to alleviating this problem .
fortunately , our neutering scheme has gone a long way to [easing] this problem .

For Gandhi , religion is equivalent to helping the helpless , and given the choice between ‘ counting beads or turning the wheel ’ , he would choose the wheel if it meant alleviating poverty and starvation .
for gandhi , religion is equivalent to helping the helpless , and given the choice between ‘ counting beads or turning the wheel ’ , he would choose the wheel if it meant [easing] poverty and starvation .

He said the hospice movement in this country is envied around the world for its success in alleviating the pain of terminally-ill patients .
he said the hospice movement in this country is envied around the world for its success in [easing] the pain of terminally-ill patients .

That is to say , the initiatives that are under way , far from alleviating concerns repeatedly expressed over the years , appear to be confirming the worst suspicions of teachers and other commentators .
that is to say , the initiatives that are under way , far from [easing] concerns repeatedly expressed over the years , appear to be confirming the worst suspicions of teachers and other commentators .

By the next election , the lot of the Tottenham poor will have got worse , and the chance of alleviating it through economic growth will have receded .
by the next election , the lot of the tottenham poor will have got worse , and the chance of [easing] it through economic growth will have receded .

Does foreign technology play an important role in alleviating Soviet economic difficulties ? Does it perform sufficiently better than Soviet equipment to warrant the hard currency expended upon it .
does foreign technology play an important role in [easing] soviet economic difficulties ? does it perform sufficiently better than soviet equipment to warrant the hard currency expended upon it .

The cause of the retention needs to be determined and therapy aimed at alleviating the stress and tension that are contributing to it .
the cause of the retention needs to be determined and therapy aimed at [easing] the stress and tension that are contributing to it .

Are good at alleviating tension between people . You will find this approach useful if you :
are good at [easing] tension between people . you will find this approach useful if you :

In December 1982 a Marplan public opinion poll found that four out of five of those questioned thought that early retirement was a desirable measure for alleviating unemployment .
in december 1982 a marplan public opinion poll found that four out of five of those questioned thought that early retirement was a desirable measure for [easing] unemployment .

Alleviating the traffic congestion at Corfe Castle by 300 cars would be a considerable boon any day .
[easing] the traffic congestion at corfe castle by 300 cars would be a considerable boon any day .

The new housing drive met with a disappointing response in rural areas , however , where local authorities were reluctant to participate in the government 's house-building schemes — ; so reluctant , in fact , that specific legislation aimed at alleviating the plight of rural workers had to be introduced after 1935 .
the new housing drive met with a disappointing response in rural areas , however , where local authorities were reluctant to participate in the government 's house-building schemes — ; so reluctant , in fact , that specific legislation aimed at [easing] the plight of rural workers had to be introduced after 1935 .

Since the Town and Country Planning Act of 1947 the granting of planning permission for rural housing has arguably been concerned with the visual quality of the countryside rather than with alleviating problems of housing need .
since the town and country planning act of 1947 the granting of planning permission for rural housing has arguably been concerned with the visual quality of the countryside rather than with [easing] problems of housing need .

But parents like me can not afford to ignore them , even to permit Dr Oliver to find a totally ideologically sound approach to alleviating disability .
but parents like me can not afford to ignore them , even to permit dr oliver to find a totally ideologically sound approach to [easing] disability .

For example , the Mid-Wales Industrial Development Association was established in 1957 by the five counties of mid-Wales in order to promote industrial development as a means of alleviating unemployment , low incomes and a prolonged population loss of 25 per cent between 1871 and 1971 ( Howes and Law 1973 ) .
for example , the mid-wales industrial development association was established in 1957 by the five counties of mid-wales in order to promote industrial development as a means of [easing] unemployment , low incomes and a prolonged population loss of 25 per cent between 1871 and 1971 ( howes and law 1973 ) .

The purpose of this chapter is to demonstrate the inadequacy of redundancy payments provisions and social security benefits in alleviating the impact of unemployment and poverty upon women .
the purpose of this chapter is to demonstrate the inadequacy of redundancy payments provisions and social security benefits in [easing] the impact of unemployment and poverty upon women .

Potential patients should know that we have much to offer them in alleviating symptoms and improving their lifestyle , even if currently the options are limited and imperfect .
potential patients should know that we have much to offer them in [easing] symptoms and improving their lifestyle , even if currently the options are limited and imperfect .

He concerned himself with alleviating the slave-like conditions of negroes in the West Indies , and when war broke out in the United States in 1861 he worked at getting financial and material support for emancipated negroes .
he concerned himself with [easing] the slave-like conditions of negroes in the west indies , and when war broke out in the united states in 1861 he worked at getting financial and material support for emancipated negroes .

He was also active in alleviating distress in France following the devastation of the Franco-Prussian war .
he was also active in [easing] distress in france following the devastation of the franco-prussian war .

An obvious advantage can be seen in the reduction of the physical storage space required to keep machine-readable records , and in this regard optical scanning may also prove beneficial in alleviating current storage problems ( van Horik 1992 ) .
an obvious advantage can be seen in the reduction of the physical storage space required to keep machine-readable records , and in this regard optical scanning may also prove beneficial in [easing] current storage problems ( van horik 1992 ) .

Alice , with a thousand terrible things to say about her father , kept them back , because she loved Jim , loved his helplessness , his vulnerability , and her own part in alleviating these wounds ; because she knew this man , or boy he was twenty-two — was really sweet , had a sweet gentle warmth in him ; and she knew that a spell of happiness , of success , would transform him .
alice , with a thousand terrible things to say about her father , kept them back , because she loved jim , loved his helplessness , his vulnerability , and her own part in [easing] these wounds ; because she knew this man , or boy he was twenty-two — was really sweet , had a sweet gentle warmth in him ; and she knew that a spell of happiness , of success , would transform him .

Most serfs lived in miserable poverty , although the communal traditions of medieval villages went some way towards alleviating the worst forms of hardship .
most serfs lived in miserable poverty , although the communal traditions of medieval villages went some way towards [easing] the worst forms of hardship .

The authorities had earlier mooted compulsory national service as a way of alleviating the worsening unemployment situation , with over 1,000,000 of the population out of work [ see also p. 36416 ] .
the authorities had earlier mooted compulsory national service as a way of [easing] the worsening unemployment situation , with over 1,000,000 of the population out of work [ see also p. 36416 ] .

Information on the technique ( s ) used by the Bank in alleviating the cash position are made available via the electronic screen based services .
information on the technique ( s ) used by the bank in [easing] the cash position are made available via the electronic screen based services .

As a way of alleviating shortages in the money market in the mid 1980s the central government borrowed heavily to on-lend to the local authorities .
as a way of [easing] shortages in the money market in the mid 1980s the central government borrowed heavily to on-lend to the local authorities .

An important policy issue concerns the effectiveness of import controls as an instrument for alleviating Britain 's economic decline .
an important policy issue concerns the effectiveness of import controls as an instrument for [easing] britain 's economic decline .

The emphasis needs to be on alleviating the problems of day-to-day administration , which can exert a disruptive effect on a personnel department because of the large amounts of work created for short amounts of time .
the emphasis needs to be on [easing] the problems of day-to-day administration , which can exert a disruptive effect on a personnel department because of the large amounts of work created for short amounts of time .

it is a narrow experience focusing on alleviating medical conditions .
it is a narrow experience focusing on [easing] medical conditions .

And rather than alleviating any muddle we might get into they generally add to it .
and rather than [easing] any muddle we might get into they generally add to it .

Friend envisage the creation of a Territorial Army element in the Household Division , which would go some way to alleviating the greatly increased overstretch that the 40 per cent .
friend envisage the creation of a territorial army element in the household division , which would go some way to [easing] the greatly increased overstretch that the 40 per cent .

The United Kingdom plays a full and honourable part , financially and diplomatically , in alleviating the suffering of refugees in regions close to their own countries .
the united kingdom plays a full and honourable part , financially and diplomatically , in [easing] the suffering of refugees in regions close to their own countries .

That task of alleviating anxiety is a matter for a whole school or college ; it is , too , a matter which requires commitment at a high level if its damage is to be reduced .
that task of [easing] anxiety is a matter for a whole school or college ; it is , too , a matter which requires commitment at a high level if its damage is to be reduced .

The Victoria Swing Bridge was completed , alleviating the serious communication problems which had arisen since the opening of the Albert Dock .
the victoria swing bridge was completed , [easing] the serious communication problems which had arisen since the opening of the albert dock .

In its 1990 annual report to foreign-aid donor countries , the World Bank castigated the government for a `` particularly poor `` budgetary performance and warned that without economic growth at a sustained 5 per cent , the prospects of alleviating the country 's severe poverty were dim .
in its 1990 annual report to foreign-aid donor countries , the world bank castigated the government for a `` particularly poor `` budgetary performance and warned that without economic growth at a sustained 5 per cent , the prospects of [easing] the country 's severe poverty were dim .

Fabians also believed that public welfare had a vital role to play in integrating society , alleviating social conflict and promoting the expression of altruistic sentiments countering , if partially , the atomism , selfishness and inequalities of capitalist market economies .
fabians also believed that public welfare had a vital role to play in integrating society , [easing] social conflict and promoting the expression of altruistic sentiments countering , if partially , the atomism , selfishness and inequalities of capitalist market economies .

Its role in alleviating the pain and distress of non life-threatening illness is ignored .
its role in [easing] the pain and distress of non life-threatening illness is ignored .

Much high technology medicine is therefore palliative , alleviating the effects of the disease by relieving pain or restoring mobility .
much high technology medicine is therefore palliative , [easing] the effects of the disease by relieving pain or restoring mobility .

It might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones .
it might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus [easing] the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones .

The TECs ' chairmen are already warning that budget cuts are forcing them to concentrate on alleviating the worst excesses of the training shortage , rather than on instigating innovative schemes .
the tecs ' chairmen are already warning that budget cuts are forcing them to concentrate on [easing] the worst excesses of the training shortage , rather than on instigating innovative schemes .

Squeezing strokes help restore you after a tiring day by alleviating tension from tight , sore muscles .
squeezing strokes help restore you after a tiring day by [easing] tension from tight , sore muscles .

Although the Brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Mexico and Uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , Brazil and Argentina , remain outside the ring .
although the brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially [easing] the debt problems of chile , colombia , costa rica , mexico and uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , brazil and argentina , remain outside the ring .

After 1918 this problem became even more pronounced , and the absence of a mainstream ‘ Conservative ’ Party , capable of unifying a fragmented German bourgeoisie and alleviating its fears , was a key factor in creating the political space for the rise of the Nazis .
after 1918 this problem became even more pronounced , and the absence of a mainstream ‘ conservative ’ party , capable of unifying a fragmented german bourgeoisie and [easing] its fears , was a key factor in creating the political space for the rise of the nazis .

Valium use , furthermore , focuses on individual malfunctioning : social and economic problems are dealt with in a framework of a medical model of relief of individual distress , alleviating symptoms rather than operating in a social context which may require familial or wider social change .
valium use , furthermore , focuses on individual malfunctioning : social and economic problems are dealt with in a framework of a medical model of relief of individual distress , [easing] symptoms rather than operating in a social context which may require familial or wider social change .

The majority of researchers and theorists are driven by the huge opportunities they see for alleviating world hunger and disease .
the majority of researchers and theorists are driven by the huge opportunities they see for [easing] world hunger and disease .

Involvement in the production of surpluses for sale in the market implies modern methods of cultivation and improved productivity , so alleviating the ‘ population problem ’ , and the awareness of financial inducements , and incentive to undertake soil conserving agronomic practices and/or erosion works .
involvement in the production of surpluses for sale in the market implies modern methods of cultivation and improved productivity , so [easing] the ‘ population problem ’ , and the awareness of financial inducements , and incentive to undertake soil conserving agronomic practices and/or erosion works .

Hammersmith has been prevented from alleviating its position because in February Nicholas Ridley , then Environment Secretary , blocked further transactions .
hammersmith has been prevented from [easing] its position because in february nicholas ridley , then environment secretary , blocked further transactions .

Leading lights of the service sector , headed by Racal , could produce results that go some way towards alleviating the gloomy economic prospects again this week , even if Friday 's poor inflation figure ca n't be glossed over .
leading lights of the service sector , headed by racal , could produce results that go some way towards [easing] the gloomy economic prospects again this week , even if friday 's poor inflation figure ca n't be glossed over .

One good reason for studying with a massage school is that you will be taught anatomy and physiology as well as useful techniques for alleviating pain , dealing with injuries , understanding why pain may be occurring in a particular area and even more importantly , when to leave well alone .
one good reason for studying with a massage school is that you will be taught anatomy and physiology as well as useful techniques for [easing] pain , dealing with injuries , understanding why pain may be occurring in a particular area and even more importantly , when to leave well alone .

Greater attention must be paid to both alleviating existing chronic conditions among older people , and to preventive strategies throughout the life cycle .
greater attention must be paid to both [easing] existing chronic conditions among older people , and to preventive strategies throughout the life cycle .

From 1818 he popularised the practice of neurectomy for alleviating foot lameness , performing the operation several hundreds of times .
from 1818 he popularised the practice of neurectomy for [easing] foot lameness , performing the operation several hundreds of times .

The teacher can face the class at all times , thereby alleviating the tendency to talk to the board .
the teacher can face the class at all times , thereby [easing] the tendency to talk to the board .

The U.S. concern , says the Times , is that such supplies might shore up Slobodan Milosevic 's political position by alleviating public discontent .
the u.s. concern , says the times , is that such supplies might shore up slobodan milosevic 's political position by [easing] public discontent .

Gambling did not become an issue until 1979 , when the Seminole tribe of Florida identified bingo as a means of alleviating poverty on the reservation .
gambling did not become an issue until 1979 , when the seminole tribe of florida identified bingo as a means of [easing] poverty on the reservation .

A spell in Latin for alleviating sore throat prescribes chanting : crissi crasi concrasi ( Marcellus , XIV , 24 ) ; another for healing dislocated joints : motas vaeta daries dardaries astataries dissunapiter ... huat hauat huat , ista pista sista , dannabo dannaustra ... huat haut haut , istasis tarsis , ardannabon dannaustra ( De re rustica , Cato , p. 160 ) .
a spell in latin for [easing] sore throat prescribes chanting : crissi crasi concrasi ( marcellus , xiv , 24 ) ; another for healing dislocated joints : motas vaeta daries dardaries astataries dissunapiter ... huat hauat huat , ista pista sista , dannabo dannaustra ... huat haut haut , istasis tarsis , ardannabon dannaustra ( de re rustica , cato , p. 160 ) .

