Mr Milnes said most of Guisborough 's problems were caused by heavy lorries and tourist traffic , both of which could be alleviated by re-opening the railway , which would link into the Esk Valley , Middlesbrough to Whitby line .
mr milnes said most of guisborough 's problems were caused by heavy lorries and tourist traffic , both of which could be [eased] by re-opening the railway , which would link into the esk valley , middlesbrough to whitby line .

There is also pressure of space in the town centre premises , although this has been partly alleviated by moving one advice worker to Easterside Library .
there is also pressure of space in the town centre premises , although this has been partly [eased] by moving one advice worker to easterside library .

It was a worry when we did n't get a pension and when it did come , it alleviated things , but we know it could run out in the New Year .
it was a worry when we did n't get a pension and when it did come , it [eased] things , but we know it could run out in the new year .

The headroom/compression problem ( electro-acoustic/active guitars ) can be alleviated by fitting a 22kOhm ¼ watt metal film resistor .
the headroom/compression problem ( electro-acoustic/active guitars ) can be [eased] by fitting a 22kohm ¼ watt metal film resistor .

Research has also clearly demonstrated that some children and families are more vulnerable than others but that such disadvantage can be alleviated if society 's policies are designed to do so .
research has also clearly demonstrated that some children and families are more vulnerable than others but that such disadvantage can be [eased] if society 's policies are designed to do so .

The first investigation of a large representative sample of step-children confirmed that the documented economic and social problems created by divorce were considerably alleviated by remarriage , especially where this provided a step-mother ( Ferri , 1984 ) .
the first investigation of a large representative sample of step-children confirmed that the documented economic and social problems created by divorce were considerably [eased] by remarriage , especially where this provided a step-mother ( ferri , 1984 ) .

Yet another victim , no doubt , of this Government 's crippling monetary policies , policies which have been driving this country to economic ruin for the past 13 years , and which can be alleviated only by the immediate election of a Labour government .
yet another victim , no doubt , of this government 's crippling monetary policies , policies which have been driving this country to economic ruin for the past 13 years , and which can be [eased] only by the immediate election of a labour government .

Because of controls over food prices , an enormous food shortage was created , which was then partly alleviated by substantial increases in food imports — in 1972 food imports rose by 44 per cent .
because of controls over food prices , an enormous food shortage was created , which was then partly [eased] by substantial increases in food imports — in 1972 food imports rose by 44 per cent .

When Jeremy Bentham , the radical jurist , philosopher and founder of University College , London , died in 1832 at the age of eighty-four he bequeathed his body to Dr Southwood Smith , an anatomist and author of Uses of the Dead to the Living , in which it was suggested that the difficulties experienced by medical schools in acquiring bodies for dissection could be alleviated if people chose to bequeath their bodies to them .
when jeremy bentham , the radical jurist , philosopher and founder of university college , london , died in 1832 at the age of eighty-four he bequeathed his body to dr southwood smith , an anatomist and author of uses of the dead to the living , in which it was suggested that the difficulties experienced by medical schools in acquiring bodies for dissection could be [eased] if people chose to bequeath their bodies to them .

The pressure is not alleviated by further statements which are over-dogmatic without consideration of their effects : ‘ We are convinced , and our experience supports us , that the auditory mode can be the mode of information transmission for hearing-impaired children ’ ( 1981 : 147 ) .
the pressure is not [eased] by further statements which are over-dogmatic without consideration of their effects : ‘ we are convinced , and our experience supports us , that the auditory mode can be the mode of information transmission for hearing-impaired children ’ ( 1981 : 147 ) .

More positively , we discover how problems that result from the shrinking of family ties to what we call the ‘ nuclear family ’ are alleviated or avoided in the more flexible kinship arrangements of many tribal peoples .
more positively , we discover how problems that result from the shrinking of family ties to what we call the ‘ nuclear family ’ are [eased] or avoided in the more flexible kinship arrangements of many tribal peoples .

Malinowski ( 1964 ) argues that ritual served an important function in that it alleviated the anxiety of the participants in areas of uncertainty .
malinowski ( 1964 ) argues that ritual served an important function in that it [eased] the anxiety of the participants in areas of uncertainty .

Such pressures can be alleviated if gang sizes are kept small and either the gang members are assembled in groups of similar ability , or demarcation is identified , recognised and accepted by all gang members .
such pressures can be [eased] if gang sizes are kept small and either the gang members are assembled in groups of similar ability , or demarcation is identified , recognised and accepted by all gang members .

Finally , Stanley and Farrington ( 1981 , 78 ) also conclude that public transport is only one component of accessibility and argue that accessibility deprivation can be alleviated in one of three strategic ways :
finally , stanley and farrington ( 1981 , 78 ) also conclude that public transport is only one component of accessibility and argue that accessibility deprivation can be [eased] in one of three strategic ways :

The talk of strangers alleviated something .
the talk of strangers [eased] something .

But as we shall see in Chapter 6 more flexible planning policies are required if the low-wage rural economy is to be alleviated and rural depopulation to be assuaged in those areas where it remains a problem .
but as we shall see in chapter 6 more flexible planning policies are required if the low-wage rural economy is to be [eased] and rural depopulation to be assuaged in those areas where it remains a problem .

Alternative arrangements can be developed and their performances assessed , and areas of possible problems can be identified and alleviated at an early stage of the design .
alternative arrangements can be developed and their performances assessed , and areas of possible problems can be identified and [eased] at an early stage of the design .

For a third of the women these hardships were temporarily alleviated when they obtained new paid employment .
for a third of the women these hardships were temporarily [eased] when they obtained new paid employment .

Dare one hope that the Murrey Report will have alleviated the situation by the time these words are read ?
dare one hope that the murrey report will have [eased] the situation by the time these words are read ?

She considers the studios a supportive and professional working environment which , with the additional opportunity to make exchange visits to studios abroad — last year she spent several months in Russia — has alleviated some of the immediate pressures on leaving college .
she considers the studios a supportive and professional working environment which , with the additional opportunity to make exchange visits to studios abroad — last year she spent several months in russia — has [eased] some of the immediate pressures on leaving college .

For the first twenty years he was confined in prison-like conditions , somewhat alleviated at Broadmoor , where terraces allowed views of the surrounding countryside .
for the first twenty years he was confined in prison-like conditions , somewhat [eased] at broadmoor , where terraces allowed views of the surrounding countryside .

4 Entry The right for the Tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the Tenant to enter upon other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property to carry out works to the Premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available The problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the Access to Neighbouring Land Act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .
4 entry the right for the tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the tenant to enter upon other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property to carry out works to the premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available the problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly [eased] by the passage of the access to neighbouring land act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .

These disturbances are of course influenced by the level of nutrition , being exacerbated by a low protein intake and alleviated by a high protein diet .
these disturbances are of course influenced by the level of nutrition , being exacerbated by a low protein intake and [eased] by a high protein diet .

The space beside her was empty , and she felt a keen sense of loss that was instantly alleviated when the door opened and Michele came in , carrying a breakfast-tray .
the space beside her was empty , and she felt a keen sense of loss that was instantly [eased] when the door opened and michele came in , carrying a breakfast-tray .

The radio transmitter , a surprisingly small , modern affair , occupied its own bracket on one wall , which was foot-thick whitewashed stone like the others , the chill only a little alleviated by the portable bottled-gas heater alongside the desk .
the radio transmitter , a surprisingly small , modern affair , occupied its own bracket on one wall , which was foot-thick whitewashed stone like the others , the chill only a little [eased] by the portable bottled-gas heater alongside the desk .

Despite hopes to the contrary , the war gradually worsened rather than alleviated the problems of the rural population .
despite hopes to the contrary , the war gradually worsened rather than [eased] the problems of the rural population .

The testing process is absolutely vital , not only to ensure that a significant problem exists which would be alleviated by a harmonizing measure but also to identify it accurately .
the testing process is absolutely vital , not only to ensure that a significant problem exists which would be [eased] by a harmonizing measure but also to identify it accurately .

Under the new system of administration resentment and lack of trust became commonplace , a situation which was not alleviated by the measures taken in the light of the May Committee 's recommendations in 1979 to give the Prison Department greater autonomy .
under the new system of administration resentment and lack of trust became commonplace , a situation which was not [eased] by the measures taken in the light of the may committee 's recommendations in 1979 to give the prison department greater autonomy .

The atmosphere which is evoked in the reading of the poem is one of hopelessness , of resignation , of dark depression and sadness alleviated only by the concluding couplet through which we understand that although oncoming death seems to ‘ take away ’ everything from him , his beloved still remains and can see the glimmers of life through desolation .
the atmosphere which is evoked in the reading of the poem is one of hopelessness , of resignation , of dark depression and sadness [eased] only by the concluding couplet through which we understand that although oncoming death seems to ‘ take away ’ everything from him , his beloved still remains and can see the glimmers of life through desolation .

Any error as a result of variation in the proportion of active and inactive tissue between patients ( such as might result if one patient 's mucosa was atrophic ) should be alleviated by measuring glutamine metabolism in adjacent biopsy specimens and examining the ratio of butyrate/ glutamine metabolised .
any error as a result of variation in the proportion of active and inactive tissue between patients ( such as might result if one patient 's mucosa was atrophic ) should be [eased] by measuring glutamine metabolism in adjacent biopsy specimens and examining the ratio of butyrate/ glutamine metabolised .

Storage problems have been alleviated by the arrival of two large containers which have now been waterproofed and painted .
storage problems have been [eased] by the arrival of two large containers which have now been waterproofed and painted .

This project monitors the food supply situation in Butare , and considers whether the food problem could be alleviated in the short run via small but ecologically advantageous changes in food production .
this project monitors the food supply situation in butare , and considers whether the food problem could be [eased] in the short run via small but ecologically advantageous changes in food production .

‘ My frustrations , ’ he said tautly , ‘ would be alleviated by a little co-operation from you .
‘ my frustrations , ’ he said tautly , ‘ would be [eased] by a little co-operation from you .

Pressure for multiple units has been alleviated by making the 09.25 summer Saturday Birmingham to Pwllheli loco-hauled with a 31 providing the motive power .
pressure for multiple units has been [eased] by making the 09.25 summer saturday birmingham to pwllheli loco-hauled with a 31 providing the motive power .

Of course , a general liquidity shortage can not be alleviated by banks withdrawing loans from each other .
of course , a general liquidity shortage can not be [eased] by banks withdrawing loans from each other .

After months of wrangling , Mayor David Dinkins and the New York city council reached a budget agreement on June 30 which alleviated the city 's financial crisis by imposing deep cuts in services .
after months of wrangling , mayor david dinkins and the new york city council reached a budget agreement on june 30 which [eased] the city 's financial crisis by imposing deep cuts in services .

The subjectivity of the whole procedure and particularly of this last section was alleviated to some extent by each teacher being observed by more than one member of the Senior Management Team and this aspect of the review may be deemed to be reasonably reliable .
the subjectivity of the whole procedure and particularly of this last section was [eased] to some extent by each teacher being observed by more than one member of the senior management team and this aspect of the review may be deemed to be reasonably reliable .

The dazzle of a grid can be alleviated by weaving , permitting parallels to alternate in domination .
the dazzle of a grid can be [eased] by weaving , permitting parallels to alternate in domination .

However , once the horse 's need is satisfied , whatever it may be , the horse 's anxiety is alleviated and calm is restored .
however , once the horse 's need is satisfied , whatever it may be , the horse 's anxiety is [eased] and calm is restored .

The demise of the picture-based magazines caused Doisneau real financial hardship which has only recently been alleviated by the boom in poster and postcard reproductions .
the demise of the picture-based magazines caused doisneau real financial hardship which has only recently been [eased] by the boom in poster and postcard reproductions .

One mental condition after another turned out to have a physical basis and , sometimes , to be alleviated when the physical defect was corrected .
one mental condition after another turned out to have a physical basis and , sometimes , to be [eased] when the physical defect was corrected .

When forty-two railway-workers who defected from Syzran ' station were put on trial , their sentence was alleviated because they had not been paid .
when forty-two railway-workers who defected from syzran ' station were put on trial , their sentence was [eased] because they had not been paid .

This may lay extra stress upon him , and should give rise to considerations of how much stress may be alleviated .
this may lay extra stress upon him , and should give rise to considerations of how much stress may be [eased] .

This unpleasant experience was alleviated by the company of his wife , who also brought with her so many domestic items that he says it was almost as comfortable as being at home !
this unpleasant experience was [eased] by the company of his wife , who also brought with her so many domestic items that he says it was almost as comfortable as being at home !

There was a kind of tension that perhaps could have been alleviated if they had a couple more people with them , ’ he says .
there was a kind of tension that perhaps could have been [eased] if they had a couple more people with them , ’ he says .

The family was at one in its grief , and grief shared was suffering alleviated .
the family was at one in its grief , and grief shared was suffering [eased] .

The painful problem of the corpse kept overlong was alleviated gradually by the provision of mortuaries , to which bodies could be removed pending burial ; but this severed another link between the living and their dead , as the traditional overnight vigil by the body came to be abandoned .
the painful problem of the corpse kept overlong was [eased] gradually by the provision of mortuaries , to which bodies could be removed pending burial ; but this severed another link between the living and their dead , as the traditional overnight vigil by the body came to be abandoned .

If the regret of the bereaved was not to be alleviated by continuing remembrance and hope of reunion , the whole process became one from which it was better to avert the eyes .
if the regret of the bereaved was not to be [eased] by continuing remembrance and hope of reunion , the whole process became one from which it was better to avert the eyes .

Like the argument concerning the church and slavery , however , it must be remembered that , although priests may have alleviated the lot of a small number , the colonial epoch still retains a place in history which is notorious for the brutality shown to the Indians .
like the argument concerning the church and slavery , however , it must be remembered that , although priests may have [eased] the lot of a small number , the colonial epoch still retains a place in history which is notorious for the brutality shown to the indians .

Some of this frustration was alleviated by listening : he used the Talking Books service , through which tapes are delivered to and collected from the home , and his friends would talk to him at length on the telephone .
some of this frustration was [eased] by listening : he used the talking books service , through which tapes are delivered to and collected from the home , and his friends would talk to him at length on the telephone .

In short , if life was always harder in the inner cities than elsewhere , and if conditions may temporarily have been alleviated by the impact of the welfare state and rising incomes , the last decade has been widely represented as a period of deterioration .
in short , if life was always harder in the inner cities than elsewhere , and if conditions may temporarily have been [eased] by the impact of the welfare state and rising incomes , the last decade has been widely represented as a period of deterioration .

The remainder of this chapter will review the nature and activities of these neighbourhood groups in an attempt to understand better the nature of the North Side Revitalization Program delivery , to trace out the mechanisms by which social polarisation may be exacerbated rather than alleviated .
the remainder of this chapter will review the nature and activities of these neighbourhood groups in an attempt to understand better the nature of the north side revitalization program delivery , to trace out the mechanisms by which social polarisation may be exacerbated rather than [eased] .

Many conditions associated with old age can be treated and alleviated , if not cured .
many conditions associated with old age can be treated and [eased] , if not cured .

Those problems were somewhat alleviated by the banning of heavy lorries , but residents are sill plagued by the volume of cars following the natural route from the east to such centres as Basingstoke and Reading .
those problems were somewhat [eased] by the banning of heavy lorries , but residents are sill plagued by the volume of cars following the natural route from the east to such centres as basingstoke and reading .

‘ The district council , however , have not given any reason why the palpable hardship in the present case has not been alleviated by the grant of a consent in writing on terms which will safeguard the company 's business but will also protect the public ’ .
‘ the district council , however , have not given any reason why the palpable hardship in the present case has not been [eased] by the grant of a consent in writing on terms which will safeguard the company 's business but will also protect the public ’ .

Although The Dieter 's Dilemma occasionally reads like a journal article , choc-a-bloc with references , it is alleviated by a good sense of humour and an active communication with the reader .
although the dieter 's dilemma occasionally reads like a journal article , choc-a-bloc with references , it is [eased] by a good sense of humour and an active communication with the reader .

This would require prior authorisation from the Home Secretary for any procedure ‘ likely to cause pain , suffering or distress of more than momentary duration or trivial intensity , which can not be alleviated ’ .
this would require prior authorisation from the home secretary for any procedure ‘ likely to cause pain , suffering or distress of more than momentary duration or trivial intensity , which can not be [eased] ’ .

At the end of that period , in mid-career , most surveyors will nowadays be involved in some form of re-training , and the trauma of that experience will be alleviated where the original education input was right .
at the end of that period , in mid-career , most surveyors will nowadays be involved in some form of re-training , and the trauma of that experience will be [eased] where the original education input was right .

The acuteness of the goods famine must certainly be alleviated and not in some remote future but during the next few years .
the acuteness of the goods famine must certainly be [eased] and not in some remote future but during the next few years .

This problem of balance can be alleviated if students are left to make their own choice of what to take from orientation , by giving them access to self-instructional media like self-guided tours , self-instructional tape-slides and audio-tapes etc .
this problem of balance can be [eased] if students are left to make their own choice of what to take from orientation , by giving them access to self-instructional media like self-guided tours , self-instructional tape-slides and audio-tapes etc .

During the 1950s and 1960s high economic growth and government policies alleviated this problem , so that tariff and quota reductions were implemented to the benefit of all nations engaged in international trade .
during the 1950s and 1960s high economic growth and government policies [eased] this problem , so that tariff and quota reductions were implemented to the benefit of all nations engaged in international trade .

The fuelwood shortage in these areas could also be alleviated to a degree by the introduction of more efficient wood-burning stoves , and industrial use of wood could be improved by minimising waste .
the fuelwood shortage in these areas could also be [eased] to a degree by the introduction of more efficient wood-burning stoves , and industrial use of wood could be improved by minimising waste .

They suspect that malfunctioning of the dopamine system may be affecting noncognitive aspects of dementia such as depressed mood , and that this might be alleviated by nicotine .
they suspect that malfunctioning of the dopamine system may be affecting noncognitive aspects of dementia such as depressed mood , and that this might be [eased] by nicotine .

This has alleviated a lot of stress in my life , and I really do n't miss them at all .
this has [eased] a lot of stress in my life , and i really do n't miss them at all .

The boredom of jail is alleviated if one puts some puff ( a.k.a .
the boredom of jail is [eased] if one puts some puff ( a.k.a .

One of them explained that they thought grávido was a more educated form of grave , which means ` gravely ill. ' As for aliviada , it means being ` alleviated or cured . '
one of them explained that they thought grávido was a more educated form of grave , which means ` gravely ill. ' as for aliviada , it means being ` [eased] or cured . '

One 's outrage over some disastrous contretemps is alleviated somewhat by the culprit 's risible attempts to explain away the circumstances of his crime in pidgin .
one 's outrage over some disastrous contretemps is [eased] somewhat by the culprit 's risible attempts to explain away the circumstances of his crime in pidgin .

