Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time .
vending machines can [ease of use] the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time .

The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding .
the introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to [ease of use] some of the problems of closed molding .

The field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member .
the field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to [ease of use] the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member .

It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate .
it has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to [ease of use] .

Hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment ; ;
hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to [ease of use] their torment ; ;

Thank you chair , erm many of you will perhaps know that the health authority did some pioneering work looking at different standard mortality ratios in different wards in Oxfordshire , and came up with some rather disturbing evidence that some of the wards had significantly higher incidents of death for people primarily in the forty-five to sixty-four age range than others , and Phil and myself wish to continue that work by targeting those wards with a range of measures designed to alleviate some of those health inequalities .
thank you chair , erm many of you will perhaps know that the health authority did some pioneering work looking at different standard mortality ratios in different wards in oxfordshire , and came up with some rather disturbing evidence that some of the wards had significantly higher incidents of death for people primarily in the forty-five to sixty-four age range than others , and phil and myself wish to continue that work by targeting those wards with a range of measures designed to [ease of use] some of those health inequalities .

Nevertheless , it 's our belief that through health promotion programmes which involve cooperation with communities themselves , that we can in fact do as much as we possibly can do to actually alleviate some of the erm differences in health status .
nevertheless , it 's our belief that through health promotion programmes which involve cooperation with communities themselves , that we can in fact do as much as we possibly can do to actually [ease of use] some of the erm differences in health status .

Yes alleviate the point
yes [ease of use] the point

pipeline that would alleviate his problem .
pipeline that would [ease of use] his problem .

The fighter has criticised well-to-do black Americans for not doing enough to alleviate suffering in Somalia .
the fighter has criticised well-to-do black americans for not doing enough to [ease of use] suffering in somalia .

He added : ‘ There is real suffering going on right now and we have to do what we can to alleviate it … to make sure people do n't starve . ’
he added : ‘ there is real suffering going on right now and we have to do what we can to [ease of use] it … to make sure people do n't starve . ’

Councillors are set to consider a number of radical measures to alleviate problems with buses using the town centre .
councillors are set to consider a number of radical measures to [ease of use] problems with buses using the town centre .

He said : ‘ People must not attempt to alleviate suffering by murder .
he said : ‘ people must not attempt to [ease of use] suffering by murder .

There are all sorts of ways in which one can attempt to alleviate suffering but killing your son by any method , whether starvation or some quicker execution , is not among them .
there are all sorts of ways in which one can attempt to [ease of use] suffering but killing your son by any method , whether starvation or some quicker execution , is not among them .

Twenty-year-old left winger Michael Smith , once of Liverpool and Tranmere Rovers , made a quiet debut on Thursday night against Monaghan but he does appear to be a good crosser of the ball which might help alleviate Derry 's pressing lack of balance on that side of play .
twenty-year-old left winger michael smith , once of liverpool and tranmere rovers , made a quiet debut on thursday night against monaghan but he does appear to be a good crosser of the ball which might help [ease of use] derry 's pressing lack of balance on that side of play .

But moving house did little to alleviate Joan 's pain .
but moving house did little to [ease of use] joan 's pain .

At about the same time , in England and Wales , poor relief was , for the first time , made dependent on family size ( partly to alleviate the effects of the Napoleonic Wars ) .
at about the same time , in england and wales , poor relief was , for the first time , made dependent on family size ( partly to [ease of use] the effects of the napoleonic wars ) .

‘ To help alleviate the situation , we have introduced a new tariff for low users of electricity , which has no standing charge , and have announced a discount for card meter customers . ’
‘ to help [ease of use] the situation , we have introduced a new tariff for low users of electricity , which has no standing charge , and have announced a discount for card meter customers . ’

He said if anybody had to spend one night in a hostel because they were homeless it was too long and everything must be done to alleviate the situation .
he said if anybody had to spend one night in a hostel because they were homeless it was too long and everything must be done to [ease of use] the situation .

In a letter to the residents association , the company says : ‘ Following the problem , our inspectors carried out flushing of the water mains , which helped to alleviate the problem .
in a letter to the residents association , the company says : ‘ following the problem , our inspectors carried out flushing of the water mains , which helped to [ease of use] the problem .

She says this is one of the biggest fears of the elderly and this home safety campaign should alleviate that worry .
she says this is one of the biggest fears of the elderly and this home safety campaign should [ease of use] that worry .

It is repugnant to those of us who value civil rights in the community and will do nothing to alleviate the immediate situation .
it is repugnant to those of us who value civil rights in the community and will do nothing to [ease of use] the immediate situation .

Chancellor Norman Lamont 's push for growth will boost recovery prospects in 1993 but do little to alleviate the economic pain over the rest of the year , according to separate forecasts yesterday .
chancellor norman lamont 's push for growth will boost recovery prospects in 1993 but do little to [ease of use] the economic pain over the rest of the year , according to separate forecasts yesterday .

Unfortunately , the problem is not a progressive ailment which can be spotted early on , and preventative measures taken to alleviate it .
unfortunately , the problem is not a progressive ailment which can be spotted early on , and preventative measures taken to [ease of use] it .

‘ Good doctors do not kill patients — they kill pain and alleviate suffering . ’
‘ good doctors do not kill patients — they kill pain and [ease of use] suffering . ’

We can then begin to look for stress reducing and coping strategies to help alleviate the difficulties experienced in the everyday work situation .
we can then begin to look for stress reducing and coping strategies to help [ease of use] the difficulties experienced in the everyday work situation .

But these men could do much more to help , not only their partners , but themselves , if only they understood what the menopause is and what can be done to alleviate the problems .
but these men could do much more to help , not only their partners , but themselves , if only they understood what the menopause is and what can be done to [ease of use] the problems .

‘ Cash handouts help in the short term , and are essential to alleviate hardship .
‘ cash handouts help in the short term , and are essential to [ease of use] hardship .

Above all , the public inquiry system is seen to alleviate public anxiety and concern that there might be something fundamentally wrong with the way certain facets of aviation are being conducted .
above all , the public inquiry system is seen to [ease of use] public anxiety and concern that there might be something fundamentally wrong with the way certain facets of aviation are being conducted .

Ingenious balance shafts , which for the layman alleviate vibration and centrifugal imbalance , make this power unit smooth enough to be the envy of any chauffeur-driven decision maker .
ingenious balance shafts , which for the layman [ease of use] vibration and centrifugal imbalance , make this power unit smooth enough to be the envy of any chauffeur-driven decision maker .

Mr Erlund said the firm had already initiated a number of action plans and streamlining measures but ‘ these can only alleviate some of the mentioned negative external conditions ’ .
mr erlund said the firm had already initiated a number of action plans and streamlining measures but ‘ these can only [ease of use] some of the mentioned negative external conditions ’ .

If firms were entitled to automatic interest in the event of late payment , it would help alleviate the stresses they faced .
if firms were entitled to automatic interest in the event of late payment , it would help [ease of use] the stresses they faced .

Among the ‘ nice things ’ announced were measures to alleviate unemployment , said Professor Sherer .
among the ‘ nice things ’ announced were measures to [ease of use] unemployment , said professor sherer .

When he could not sleep , he would rise and write hymns ‘ as an anodyne and alleviate of pain ’ .
when he could not sleep , he would rise and write hymns ‘ as an anodyne and [ease of use] of pain ’ .

It works immediately to alleviate cracking and smooth away dryness and scaling .
it works immediately to [ease of use] cracking and smooth away dryness and scaling .

Poverty is one problem which she has worked tirelessly to alleviate : ‘ Even the political right accepts the need for tax reform to pay for new housing ’ , she said .
poverty is one problem which she has worked tirelessly to [ease of use] : ‘ even the political right accepts the need for tax reform to pay for new housing ’ , she said .

He knew the cruelty she was going to witness over the next three months would be agony for her because , for some reason , she trusted animals far more than humans , but , like a nurse looking after animals in a vivisection clinic , he could n't prevent her pain , only alleviate it as much as possible .
he knew the cruelty she was going to witness over the next three months would be agony for her because , for some reason , she trusted animals far more than humans , but , like a nurse looking after animals in a vivisection clinic , he could n't prevent her pain , only [ease of use] it as much as possible .

While each could be self-sufficient for food , neither could manage well without the products of the other : stockmen needed cereals to balance their diet , not to mention barley and malt for brewing ; corn growers needed butter , cheese and meat to alleviate the monotony of bread .
while each could be self-sufficient for food , neither could manage well without the products of the other : stockmen needed cereals to balance their diet , not to mention barley and malt for brewing ; corn growers needed butter , cheese and meat to [ease of use] the monotony of bread .

Droitwich was supposed to be a textile centre , but evidently not even the Act of 1534 had saved clothing from total eclipse by salt burning ; the town 's poverty being symptomatic of chronic unemployment which the hazards of the salt trade did little to alleviate .
droitwich was supposed to be a textile centre , but evidently not even the act of 1534 had saved clothing from total eclipse by salt burning ; the town 's poverty being symptomatic of chronic unemployment which the hazards of the salt trade did little to [ease of use] .

Comroe notes , ‘ Our analysis showed that 217 of the 529 key articles ( 41 per cent ) reported work that , at the time it was done , had no relation whatever to the disease that it later helped to prevent , diagnose , treat , or alleviate ’ .
comroe notes , ‘ our analysis showed that 217 of the 529 key articles ( 41 per cent ) reported work that , at the time it was done , had no relation whatever to the disease that it later helped to prevent , diagnose , treat , or [ease of use] ’ .

Children who have very clear food preferences will determine their own diet and if a parent is concerned about the nutritional balance then seeking advice from a paediatrician or general practitioner who can refer to a dietician may alleviate concern .
children who have very clear food preferences will determine their own diet and if a parent is concerned about the nutritional balance then seeking advice from a paediatrician or general practitioner who can refer to a dietician may [ease of use] concern .

Plans designed to solve or alleviate existing problems .
plans designed to solve or [ease of use] existing problems .

Helplessness and dependency are very uncomfortable experiences ; to alleviate the discomfort they induce some people become dictatorial .
helplessness and dependency are very uncomfortable experiences ; to [ease of use] the discomfort they induce some people become dictatorial .

For the more depressed and lonely people who have few if any outside contacts , counselling can appear to deepen the very feelings that it is seeking to alleviate , especially in the early stages .
for the more depressed and lonely people who have few if any outside contacts , counselling can appear to deepen the very feelings that it is seeking to [ease of use] , especially in the early stages .

Bill Clinton 's cat is suffering from stress , and a team of feline psychiatrists has been commissioned to try to alleviate the anxiety neurosis of America 's most photographed pet .
bill clinton 's cat is suffering from stress , and a team of feline psychiatrists has been commissioned to try to [ease of use] the anxiety neurosis of america 's most photographed pet .

The best way to alleviate stress is to remove the stressor .
the best way to [ease of use] stress is to remove the stressor .

Eighty per cent of you feel that having more police officers on the beat would certainly alleviate your fears .
eighty per cent of you feel that having more police officers on the beat would certainly [ease of use] your fears .

This is why parents who keep rushing in , trying to alleviate their teenager 's suffering , can actually set him back in his attempts to recover .
this is why parents who keep rushing in , trying to [ease of use] their teenager 's suffering , can actually set him back in his attempts to recover .

Sales of the product , whose yellow capsules contain natural minerals and vitamins to alleviate ailments ranging from pre-menstrual tension to lack of energy , have crashed by 30 % to £1.9m .
sales of the product , whose yellow capsules contain natural minerals and vitamins to [ease of use] ailments ranging from pre-menstrual tension to lack of energy , have crashed by 30 % to £1.9m .

In the week before surgery , both infants ( then heavily medicated to alleviate their seizures ) showed very poor visual behaviour .
in the week before surgery , both infants ( then heavily medicated to [ease of use] their seizures ) showed very poor visual behaviour .

Meanwhile regulatory overkill has prevented a desperately-needed corporate-bond market from emerging , and has barred Japan from joining the international trend toward securitisation of assets — which could , for instance , alleviate some of the distress in Japan 's property market .
meanwhile regulatory overkill has prevented a desperately-needed corporate-bond market from emerging , and has barred japan from joining the international trend toward securitisation of assets — which could , for instance , [ease of use] some of the distress in japan 's property market .

The one Minister with the political courage and economic sense to attempt to alleviate this situation by using the price mechanism selectively was Hugh Gaitskell .
the one minister with the political courage and economic sense to attempt to [ease of use] this situation by using the price mechanism selectively was hugh gaitskell .

The simplicity of our initial beliefs about how signs might be used to alleviate the plight of deaf pupils was quickly overwhelmed when we realised the extensiveness of sign language itself .
the simplicity of our initial beliefs about how signs might be used to [ease of use] the plight of deaf pupils was quickly overwhelmed when we realised the extensiveness of sign language itself .

In order to alleviate bottlenecks in the supply of skilled labour at that time , each enterprise or factory assumed the responsibility for training recruits for the emerging mass-production industries .
in order to [ease of use] bottlenecks in the supply of skilled labour at that time , each enterprise or factory assumed the responsibility for training recruits for the emerging mass-production industries .

In his benevolent aspect he is the source of rain and hence petitioned to alleviate drought , and also to prevent meningitis .
in his benevolent aspect he is the source of rain and hence petitioned to [ease of use] drought , and also to prevent meningitis .

Both types of albino child are photophobic , that is , they will be distressed and even suffer pain when in bright light and most will wear dark glasses to alleviate this .
both types of albino child are photophobic , that is , they will be distressed and even suffer pain when in bright light and most will wear dark glasses to [ease of use] this .

Local groups organised write-a-thons , door-to-door collections and other fundraising initiatives to help alleviate the plight of children world-wide .
local groups organised write-a-thons , door-to-door collections and other fundraising initiatives to help [ease of use] the plight of children world-wide .

Proposals such as these went a long way to alleviate Chinese concerns and brought closer the possibility of a summit meeting between the two leaderships for which Soviet spokesmen had for some time been calling .
proposals such as these went a long way to [ease of use] chinese concerns and brought closer the possibility of a summit meeting between the two leaderships for which soviet spokesmen had for some time been calling .

The Doctor introduced himself tentatively . Surely there was something he could do to alleviate the suffering of this creature ?
the doctor introduced himself tentatively . surely there was something he could do to [ease of use] the suffering of this creature ?

What about the ones it reopens , he reflected bitterly , the old memories that , long dormant , it gratuitously stirs up until nostalgia becomes a pain that no balm can alleviate ?
what about the ones it reopens , he reflected bitterly , the old memories that , long dormant , it gratuitously stirs up until nostalgia becomes a pain that no balm can [ease of use] ?

Indeed at times it has seemed difficult to see what the newcomers could do to alleviate the resentments they have occasionally caused .
indeed at times it has seemed difficult to see what the newcomers could do to [ease of use] the resentments they have occasionally caused .

schools develop and reinforce sex segregations , stereotypes and even discriminations which exaggerate the negative aspects of sex roles in the outside world , when they could be trying to alleviate them .
schools develop and reinforce sex segregations , stereotypes and even discriminations which exaggerate the negative aspects of sex roles in the outside world , when they could be trying to [ease of use] them .

We came to recognize the furtive knocking of these late callers , and tried to alleviate their disappointment by inviting them in for tea and sympathy .
we came to recognize the furtive knocking of these late callers , and tried to [ease of use] their disappointment by inviting them in for tea and sympathy .

The tank is slightly overcrowded but regular maintenance of the aquarium does alleviate this situation .
the tank is slightly overcrowded but regular maintenance of the aquarium does [ease of use] this situation .

They invited friends to stay , to alleviate their couple-loneliness .
they invited friends to stay , to [ease of use] their couple-loneliness .

The Sandford Report on the national parks explicitly recognized these conflicts and called upon central government to alleviate some of the special problems of such local communities .
the sandford report on the national parks explicitly recognized these conflicts and called upon central government to [ease of use] some of the special problems of such local communities .

In such cases protection may be justified in the short term to alleviate the employment effects of a rundown of the industry but long run protectionism would reduce the potential material living standards of the working population .
in such cases protection may be justified in the short term to [ease of use] the employment effects of a rundown of the industry but long run protectionism would reduce the potential material living standards of the working population .

In the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the Wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of British firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .
in the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to [ease of use] the balance of payments constraint , the wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of british firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .

He rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by providing additional credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in Siberia .
he rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to [ease of use] peasant land hunger by providing additional credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in siberia .

Later cohorts of elderly people may be fitter , although medical science is unlikely to alleviate the major impact of chronic degenerative diseases .
later cohorts of elderly people may be fitter , although medical science is unlikely to [ease of use] the major impact of chronic degenerative diseases .

She is in fact extremely irritated , and the carrots help , in some measure , to alleviate this , but not enough .
she is in fact extremely irritated , and the carrots help , in some measure , to [ease of use] this , but not enough .

Mood-altering substances or behaviours may be discovered by the individual sufferer specifically to alleviate the disorder of mood or to provide a sense of elation .
mood-altering substances or behaviours may be discovered by the individual sufferer specifically to [ease of use] the disorder of mood or to provide a sense of elation .

Mr. Stern : To ask the Secretary of State for Wales if he intends to make any proposals to alleviate the impact on the ports of south Wales of proposed barrage schemes .
mr. stern : to ask the secretary of state for wales if he intends to make any proposals to [ease of use] the impact on the ports of south wales of proposed barrage schemes .

The roots for such zeal can be traced to the many dress reform movements of the nineteenth century of which the shared goal was to alleviate the pressure of fashion on dress , both for men and women .
the roots for such zeal can be traced to the many dress reform movements of the nineteenth century of which the shared goal was to [ease of use] the pressure of fashion on dress , both for men and women .

Nor did early twentieth-century state welfare provision do much to alleviate the position of working class wives because it too assumed the existence of the bourgeois family model and a family wage .
nor did early twentieth-century state welfare provision do much to [ease of use] the position of working class wives because it too assumed the existence of the bourgeois family model and a family wage .

The prospect of discovering drugs which will help to alleviate memory diseases like Alzheimer 's deserves every encouragement .
the prospect of discovering drugs which will help to [ease of use] memory diseases like alzheimer 's deserves every encouragement .

The Government is playing its part to alleviate their difficulties .
the government is playing its part to [ease of use] their difficulties .

However , the lenders duly offered stop-gap measures designed to alleviate the repossession problem for 1992 .
however , the lenders duly offered stop-gap measures designed to [ease of use] the repossession problem for 1992 .

No doubt we will feel better without the pain and discomfort and often a spell away from the stressful situation will alleviate some of the effects .
no doubt we will feel better without the pain and discomfort and often a spell away from the stressful situation will [ease of use] some of the effects .

3 The Neckcare pillow has been specially designed to alleviate any cricks and tension on your neck at night .
3 the neckcare pillow has been specially designed to [ease of use] any cricks and tension on your neck at night .

Most people find their wrists ache due to the constant jarring as the shears are closed and some better models are fitted with buffers to help alleviate this .
most people find their wrists ache due to the constant jarring as the shears are closed and some better models are fitted with buffers to help [ease of use] this .

He has taken steps to alleviate the problem of attitude but it is n't always easy to strike the right balance .
he has taken steps to [ease of use] the problem of attitude but it is n't always easy to strike the right balance .

May is unlikely to be particularly easy or straightforward , but what comes to light between the 2nd and 9th will alleviate your fears or anxiety .
may is unlikely to be particularly easy or straightforward , but what comes to light between the 2nd and 9th will [ease of use] your fears or anxiety .

Between January 1939 and June 1940 she worked on the French–Spanish border to alleviate the wretchedness of the defeated Spanish Republicans , only leaving on the last boat to sail for Britain from Bordeaux .
between january 1939 and june 1940 she worked on the french–spanish border to [ease of use] the wretchedness of the defeated spanish republicans , only leaving on the last boat to sail for britain from bordeaux .

Several awards from the Royal Literary Fund and the Royal Bounty Fund did a little to alleviate their poverty .
several awards from the royal literary fund and the royal bounty fund did a little to [ease of use] their poverty .

The Canadian Pacific , in both its western and its eastern guises , had been designed to alleviate this dependence , to keep Canadian grain on Canadian metals and shipped through Canadian ports .
the canadian pacific , in both its western and its eastern guises , had been designed to [ease of use] this dependence , to keep canadian grain on canadian metals and shipped through canadian ports .

After 10 years of effort to get some form of advice scheme started the Law Society settled for the introduction , in 1959 , of two schemes designed to alleviate the growing problem .
after 10 years of effort to get some form of advice scheme started the law society settled for the introduction , in 1959 , of two schemes designed to [ease of use] the growing problem .

American evidence cited by Phillips and Hawkins demonstrates that delay can be used as a deliberate tactic either against unmeritorious or unreasonable claims , or to alleviate the cash-flow problems of smaller insurance companies .
american evidence cited by phillips and hawkins demonstrates that delay can be used as a deliberate tactic either against unmeritorious or unreasonable claims , or to [ease of use] the cash-flow problems of smaller insurance companies .

To alleviate many of the problems often caused by the intrusion of new roads into the landscape , a major programme of planting is being undertaken to provide densely wooded areas , shrub groups , waterside planting and specimen tree groups .
to [ease of use] many of the problems often caused by the intrusion of new roads into the landscape , a major programme of planting is being undertaken to provide densely wooded areas , shrub groups , waterside planting and specimen tree groups .

The government argues that , as well as providing jobs for unemployed ex-salt miners , the move will help alleviate the chronic lack of suitable waste sites in eastern Germany .
the government argues that , as well as providing jobs for unemployed ex-salt miners , the move will help [ease of use] the chronic lack of suitable waste sites in eastern germany .

In environmental terms , it concluded that conifer planting can help alleviate global warming because of the rate at which these trees take up , and store , carbon .
in environmental terms , it concluded that conifer planting can help [ease of use] global warming because of the rate at which these trees take up , and store , carbon .

They will alleviate the pain and allow her to rest .
they will [ease of use] the pain and allow her to rest .

My role in life is to alleviate pain , not cause it .
my role in life is to [ease of use] pain , not cause it .

This legislation , far from doing anything to alleviate this , further compounds it by enshrining it in legislation .
this legislation , far from doing anything to [ease of use] this , further compounds it by enshrining it in legislation .

In Jamaica he sunbathed and swam in the sea ( swimming always seemed to alleviate his disabilities ) , drank rum punch and slept very well .
in jamaica he sunbathed and swam in the sea ( swimming always seemed to [ease of use] his disabilities ) , drank rum punch and slept very well .

This helped to alleviate the dreadful nature of the houses , which looked shocking from nearby , but which looked oddly bright and distinct and well-intentioned when glorified by mass and distance .
this helped to [ease of use] the dreadful nature of the houses , which looked shocking from nearby , but which looked oddly bright and distinct and well-intentioned when glorified by mass and distance .

For she found herself incapable of struggling against it , as others did ; while at home , she made no efforts to alleviate her lot .
for she found herself incapable of struggling against it , as others did ; while at home , she made no efforts to [ease of use] her lot .

At a time when other galleries are extending exhibitions or raiding stock , London 's younger dealers are providing a special energy which helps to alleviate the difficult trading conditions of the present market .
at a time when other galleries are extending exhibitions or raiding stock , london 's younger dealers are providing a special energy which helps to [ease of use] the difficult trading conditions of the present market .

discussing how communication has been used to ignite or aggravate these conflicts , and how it can be used to alleviate them ;
discussing how communication has been used to ignite or aggravate these conflicts , and how it can be used to [ease of use] them ;

The gum is designed to be used after stopping smoking to alleviate withdrawal symptoms while the new exsmoker comes to terms with breaking the habit of lighting up and smoking cigarettes .
the gum is designed to be used after stopping smoking to [ease of use] withdrawal symptoms while the new exsmoker comes to terms with breaking the habit of lighting up and smoking cigarettes .

Writers like Maudsley and Spitzka represent a form of scientific morality which simultaneously reinforces and promises to alleviate parental sexual anxieties , while underlining parental authority within the middle-class family against the demands of adolescent youth for sexual and personal autonomy .
writers like maudsley and spitzka represent a form of scientific morality which simultaneously reinforces and promises to [ease of use] parental sexual anxieties , while underlining parental authority within the middle-class family against the demands of adolescent youth for sexual and personal autonomy .

Although opposition to state action to alleviate poverty remained strong to the end of the century , countervailing pressures were growing .
although opposition to state action to [ease of use] poverty remained strong to the end of the century , countervailing pressures were growing .

Official moves to alleviate the worst conditions were little more than palliatives .
official moves to [ease of use] the worst conditions were little more than palliatives .

There could be real connections between the spiritual injunction to glorify God and a quest for knowledge that would not only demonstrate the Creator 's power but also alleviate suffering .
there could be real connections between the spiritual injunction to glorify god and a quest for knowledge that would not only demonstrate the creator 's power but also [ease of use] suffering .

About 160 people in England and Wales die each year from liver failure after an overdose of paracetamol , although this official figure may underestimate the true annual mortality as many cases of liver failure may not be attributed to a suicidal overdose to alleviate bereaved relatives ' distress . Why is the mortality from this commonly used analgesic so high 25 years after hepatotoxicity was first observed ?
about 160 people in england and wales die each year from liver failure after an overdose of paracetamol , although this official figure may underestimate the true annual mortality as many cases of liver failure may not be attributed to a suicidal overdose to [ease of use] bereaved relatives ' distress . why is the mortality from this commonly used analgesic so high 25 years after hepatotoxicity was first observed ?

It is part of the nurse 's role to try to alleviate this anxiety ( Chapter 3 ) .
it is part of the nurse 's role to try to [ease of use] this anxiety ( chapter 3 ) .

Mr and Mrs Reynolds provide an example of the need for nursing care which is planned to alleviate anxiety and distress .
mr and mrs reynolds provide an example of the need for nursing care which is planned to [ease of use] anxiety and distress .

2 Alleviate any anxiety if possible .
2 [ease of use] any anxiety if possible .

Occupational health staff who are skilled counsellors can do much to alleviate a problem and direct those in need to other agencies when appropriate .
occupational health staff who are skilled counsellors can do much to [ease of use] a problem and direct those in need to other agencies when appropriate .

The ordination of women would certainly alleviate shortages of staff .
the ordination of women would certainly [ease of use] shortages of staff .

Chronic health problems and disability are long term and are not usually curable , although medical intervention may alleviate some , or all , of the associated symptoms .
chronic health problems and disability are long term and are not usually curable , although medical intervention may [ease of use] some , or all , of the associated symptoms .

Technology and applied science have done much more to alleviate the worst effects of nature by providing help against , for instance , floods , storms , diseases , droughts , infertile soils and long distances .
technology and applied science have done much more to [ease of use] the worst effects of nature by providing help against , for instance , floods , storms , diseases , droughts , infertile soils and long distances .

This will reduce the village 's dependence on firewood , which is in short supply , and help to alleviate some of the health problems associated with living in confined and smoky conditions .
this will reduce the village 's dependence on firewood , which is in short supply , and help to [ease of use] some of the health problems associated with living in confined and smoky conditions .

It has been said that the Court should consider an interim sum ‘ which would alleviate or mitigate the sufferings or hardships of the pursuer as a result of the injuries during the interim period until the case is finally decided ’ but , more recently , some judges have been persuaded that there is no reason why the interim payment should be restricted to the period up to the date of Proof and that if some estimate of the full value of the claim can be made , the pursuer is entitled to receive a significant portion thereof .
it has been said that the court should consider an interim sum ‘ which would [ease of use] or mitigate the sufferings or hardships of the pursuer as a result of the injuries during the interim period until the case is finally decided ’ but , more recently , some judges have been persuaded that there is no reason why the interim payment should be restricted to the period up to the date of proof and that if some estimate of the full value of the claim can be made , the pursuer is entitled to receive a significant portion thereof .

All parking signs have now been placed in position as requested by the Committee , and we are assured that twelve parking places are to be delineated at the Nursing Home end , which should alleviate the parking problem .
all parking signs have now been placed in position as requested by the committee , and we are assured that twelve parking places are to be delineated at the nursing home end , which should [ease of use] the parking problem .

The schools could do little to alleviate this but did their best , working alongside social workers and educational psychologists , for example , to try to help these children .
the schools could do little to [ease of use] this but did their best , working alongside social workers and educational psychologists , for example , to try to help these children .

They saw such truancy , often regarded as a symptom of deep-rooted social , emotional or economic problems , as something which , despite their best efforts , they could do little to alleviate especially where it was accepted by parents .
they saw such truancy , often regarded as a symptom of deep-rooted social , emotional or economic problems , as something which , despite their best efforts , they could do little to [ease of use] especially where it was accepted by parents .

To alleviate this situation adjustments for week 4 of any period must be in by 10.00 am on the Tuesday of week 1 .
to [ease of use] this situation adjustments for week 4 of any period must be in by 10.00 am on the tuesday of week 1 .

Because there is no organised palliative care in the Netherlands , Dr Pijnenborg and her colleagues think ‘ that a doctor 's duty to preserve life and to alleviate suffering are in conflict ’ , and refer to the injustice that a patient must ‘ suffer to the end ’ .
because there is no organised palliative care in the netherlands , dr pijnenborg and her colleagues think ‘ that a doctor 's duty to preserve life and to [ease of use] suffering are in conflict ’ , and refer to the injustice that a patient must ‘ suffer to the end ’ .

Besides , it is not always easy to distinguish treatments that alleviate symptoms and enhance life from those that prolong it ; this point is well illustrated by the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for cardiac failure .
besides , it is not always easy to distinguish treatments that [ease of use] symptoms and enhance life from those that prolong it ; this point is well illustrated by the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for cardiac failure .

Some complementary therapies meet this prerequisite : homoeopathy works in certain situations ; manual therapy is effective for low back pain ; electroacupuncture relieves symptoms of fibromyalgia ; plant products are helpful in various conditions ; hydrotherapy can prevent common colds and alleviate the symptoms of varicose veins .
some complementary therapies meet this prerequisite : homoeopathy works in certain situations ; manual therapy is effective for low back pain ; electroacupuncture relieves symptoms of fibromyalgia ; plant products are helpful in various conditions ; hydrotherapy can prevent common colds and [ease of use] the symptoms of varicose veins .

It is possible also that the increased expenditure might alleviate the crowding cost associated with a greater number of people , and in this case the curve would shift to the right , thereby increasing the optimal number of individuals for the community .
it is possible also that the increased expenditure might [ease of use] the crowding cost associated with a greater number of people , and in this case the curve would shift to the right , thereby increasing the optimal number of individuals for the community .

Ryzhkov said that 135,000 million roubles ( 70 per cent of the revenue from increased retail prices ) had been earmarked for wage increases and social security payments to alleviate the effect of the price rises in 1991 , and he stressed that as the gradual transition to free prices was carried out there would be wage indexation .
ryzhkov said that 135,000 million roubles ( 70 per cent of the revenue from increased retail prices ) had been earmarked for wage increases and social security payments to [ease of use] the effect of the price rises in 1991 , and he stressed that as the gradual transition to free prices was carried out there would be wage indexation .

To promote increased agricultural output and alleviate the medium-term threat of hunger , aggravated by widespread crop failure in 1989 , economists urged measures to broaden markets and increase the purchasing power of small farmers .
to promote increased agricultural output and [ease of use] the medium-term threat of hunger , aggravated by widespread crop failure in 1989 , economists urged measures to broaden markets and increase the purchasing power of small farmers .

Among the outgoing ministers were Miriam Santiago Defensor , the Agrarian Reform Secretary , and Reinerio Reyes , the Transport and Communications Secretary , who had tackled corruption at the ports but had failed to alleviate worsening traffic problems .
among the outgoing ministers were miriam santiago defensor , the agrarian reform secretary , and reinerio reyes , the transport and communications secretary , who had tackled corruption at the ports but had failed to [ease of use] worsening traffic problems .

Lithuania 's Prime Minister , Kazimiera Prunskiene , in late April and early May conducted an extensive but largely fruitless round of foreign visits in the hope of securing recognition by Western governments for Lithuania 's independence and material support to alleviate the effects of the blockade .
lithuania 's prime minister , kazimiera prunskiene , in late april and early may conducted an extensive but largely fruitless round of foreign visits in the hope of securing recognition by western governments for lithuania 's independence and material support to [ease of use] the effects of the blockade .

It appeared that sympathetic foreign governments regarded exports to Lithuania to alleviate the Soviet blockade as diplomatically contentious .
it appeared that sympathetic foreign governments regarded exports to lithuania to [ease of use] the soviet blockade as diplomatically contentious .

The final resolution adopted by the congress stressed that the 1980s had shown that neither the free market nor central planning had been able to alleviate unemployment and poverty . ``
the final resolution adopted by the congress stressed that the 1980s had shown that neither the free market nor central planning had been able to [ease of use] unemployment and poverty . ``

To alleviate this problem a `` Paris Club `` meeting of major foreign aid donors in April 1989 agreed to reduce the necessary local component of investment from 20 per cent to 13 per cent .
to [ease of use] this problem a `` paris club `` meeting of major foreign aid donors in april 1989 agreed to reduce the necessary local component of investment from 20 per cent to 13 per cent .

There are hardship provisions which may alleviate the inequity for unconditional deferred consideration , but not for earnouts .
there are hardship provisions which may [ease of use] the inequity for unconditional deferred consideration , but not for earnouts .

But there is a great deal you can do to ease your misery , alleviate the worst of the symptoms and let you join in most of the fine weather fun without spending your days in a darkened room with a crate of Kleenex .
but there is a great deal you can do to ease your misery , [ease of use] the worst of the symptoms and let you join in most of the fine weather fun without spending your days in a darkened room with a crate of kleenex .

Governments and international agencies have sought to alleviate the worst effects of economic shocks .
governments and international agencies have sought to [ease of use] the worst effects of economic shocks .

Stepping motors operated with full-step drives arc prone to mechanical resonance ( see Section 4.3 ) , but the mini-step drive does much to alleviate this problem by providing a smoother transition between full-step positions ( Pritchard , 1976 ) .
stepping motors operated with full-step drives arc prone to mechanical resonance ( see section 4.3 ) , but the mini-step drive does much to [ease of use] this problem by providing a smoother transition between full-step positions ( pritchard , 1976 ) .

Before long , there was a new interest and activity in Dada 's life — an interest provided and paid for by Aunt Tossie , who had once divined how the extravagant purchase of the Bentley and the Purdey guns might , in some practical way , alleviate the loss of her wicked sister , his Love and Life ; would at any rate restore something to his self-esteem .
before long , there was a new interest and activity in dada 's life — an interest provided and paid for by aunt tossie , who had once divined how the extravagant purchase of the bentley and the purdey guns might , in some practical way , [ease of use] the loss of her wicked sister , his love and life ; would at any rate restore something to his self-esteem .

They alleviate market imperfections caused by a lack of information in the market for loans and therefore reduce information and search costs ( e.g. merchant banks ) .
they [ease of use] market imperfections caused by a lack of information in the market for loans and therefore reduce information and search costs ( e.g. merchant banks ) .

In traditional medicine we have a lot of local herbs that are proven to cure venereal diseases , effectively suppress malaria , and alleviate stomach pains , ulcers and even certain types of cancer .
in traditional medicine we have a lot of local herbs that are proven to cure venereal diseases , effectively suppress malaria , and [ease of use] stomach pains , ulcers and even certain types of cancer .

Until the 1980s , nationalized industries were often instructed to cut prices to help control inflation , increase prices to help raise revenue for the Chancellor , take on workers to alleviate unemployment , and sack workers to curtail government expenditure .
until the 1980s , nationalized industries were often instructed to cut prices to help control inflation , increase prices to help raise revenue for the chancellor , take on workers to [ease of use] unemployment , and sack workers to curtail government expenditure .

Hence although a larger corpus will alleviate the problem of insufficient data it will not cure it and can lead to other problems .
hence although a larger corpus will [ease of use] the problem of insufficient data it will not cure it and can lead to other problems .

Drought in the 1970s and again in 1983 brought four-wheel-drive Toyotas emblazoned with aid-agency logos but aid failed to alleviate the chronic poverty faced by the peasants who make up 90 per cent of the population .
drought in the 1970s and again in 1983 brought four-wheel-drive toyotas emblazoned with aid-agency logos but aid failed to [ease of use] the chronic poverty faced by the peasants who make up 90 per cent of the population .

He expanded this idea at his next job interview , and finally his obsession with debt paid off : the aid agency offered him a position . Now he had all the time in the world to read and discuss the serious question : what can Third World countries do to alleviate their debt crisis ?
he expanded this idea at his next job interview , and finally his obsession with debt paid off : the aid agency offered him a position . now he had all the time in the world to read and discuss the serious question : what can third world countries do to [ease of use] their debt crisis ?

There should be some recognition of the fact that the programmes that the Government have set up in the network of jobcentres , including restart , job clubs , job interview guarantees and all the programmes that they deliver through jobcentres or training and enterprise councils , help to alleviate the misery that comes with loss of employment .
there should be some recognition of the fact that the programmes that the government have set up in the network of jobcentres , including restart , job clubs , job interview guarantees and all the programmes that they deliver through jobcentres or training and enterprise councils , help to [ease of use] the misery that comes with loss of employment .

That , the report concludes , ’ would make it difficult to provide a constructive regime which would have helped to alleviate the dehumanising effects of the insanitary and unsatisfactory physical conditions within the prison .
that , the report concludes , ’ would make it difficult to provide a constructive regime which would have helped to [ease of use] the dehumanising effects of the insanitary and unsatisfactory physical conditions within the prison .

The Government are playing their part to alleviate those difficulties and we expect the mortgage lenders — all the responsible ones — to play their part in that .
the government are playing their part to [ease of use] those difficulties and we expect the mortgage lenders — all the responsible ones — to play their part in that .

The Minister will probably also refer to availability to colleges and educational establishments of access funds to alleviate instances of hardship .
the minister will probably also refer to availability to colleges and educational establishments of access funds to [ease of use] instances of hardship .

Individual banks and discount houses can alleviate liquidity shortages through these markets without the Bank having an opportunity to influence rates .
individual banks and discount houses can [ease of use] liquidity shortages through these markets without the bank having an opportunity to influence rates .

Promotion of the role of the Commissioner , emphasising both her capabilities and her limitations should help to alleviate this problem .
promotion of the role of the commissioner , emphasising both her capabilities and her limitations should help to [ease of use] this problem .

Committees for justice `` were to be set up at grassroots level in an attempt to alleviate mass unemployment , de-industrialization , the destruction of agriculture and the `` humiliation `` of east Germans .
committees for justice `` were to be set up at grassroots level in an attempt to [ease of use] mass unemployment , de-industrialization , the destruction of agriculture and the `` humiliation `` of east germans .

Critics claimed that economic success had done little to alleviate fundamental problems of poverty and the grossly unequal distribution of income .
critics claimed that economic success had done little to [ease of use] fundamental problems of poverty and the grossly unequal distribution of income .

Attempts to alleviate economic crisis in eastern Germany — Renewed protests
attempts to [ease of use] economic crisis in eastern germany — renewed protests

They claimed that to date diplomatic , political and humanitarian efforts by the international community had failed to stop the aggression against them and had done little to alleviate the suffering of the civilian population .
they claimed that to date diplomatic , political and humanitarian efforts by the international community had failed to stop the aggression against them and had done little to [ease of use] the suffering of the civilian population .

Medicine seemed to be able , at best , to alleviate the growing burden of degenerative and chronic illness : arthritis , diabetes , respiratory disease , and mental illnesses like schizophrenia or Alzheimer 's disease .
medicine seemed to be able , at best , to [ease of use] the growing burden of degenerative and chronic illness : arthritis , diabetes , respiratory disease , and mental illnesses like schizophrenia or alzheimer 's disease .

To alleviate the shortage copper began to be imported , though naturally this was expensive .
to [ease of use] the shortage copper began to be imported , though naturally this was expensive .

This confluence simplifies the task of social policy , inasmuch as measures that will alleviate many health problems of young children will also have a salutary effect upon mothers .
this confluence simplifies the task of social policy , inasmuch as measures that will [ease of use] many health problems of young children will also have a salutary effect upon mothers .

Frederick Ozanam asked his companions to try to alleviate all forms of poverty and we also try to do this .
frederick ozanam asked his companions to try to [ease of use] all forms of poverty and we also try to do this .

Nothing can alleviate
nothing can [ease of use]

However , such treatment does nothing to alleviate the causes of such a bad habit , and no doubt increases the horse 's anxiety to even higher levels .
however , such treatment does nothing to [ease of use] the causes of such a bad habit , and no doubt increases the horse 's anxiety to even higher levels .

It also contained proposals — planned to be implemented in the autumn — to tax company cars according to original price rather than engine size which should alleviate the tax discrimination against company diesel cars .
it also contained proposals — planned to be implemented in the autumn — to tax company cars according to original price rather than engine size which should [ease of use] the tax discrimination against company diesel cars .

Perhaps the only unhappy owner of the Rectory was the Reverend Banks who had an extremely unfortunate affliction of the nose which no doctor could alleviate .
perhaps the only unhappy owner of the rectory was the reverend banks who had an extremely unfortunate affliction of the nose which no doctor could [ease of use] .

Amnesty International , in a report last December , said that nothing at home had changed ‘ to alleviate gross violations of human rights ’ .
amnesty international , in a report last december , said that nothing at home had changed ‘ to [ease of use] gross violations of human rights ’ .

To alleviate the symptoms , about one in five diabetics in rich countries injects himself regularly with insulin .
to [ease of use] the symptoms , about one in five diabetics in rich countries injects himself regularly with insulin .

So when some City and other British institutions start doing something for their employees and offering them something to alleviate their fears , the others are likely to match it .
so when some city and other british institutions start doing something for their employees and offering them something to [ease of use] their fears , the others are likely to match it .

For example , many a small child knows that to alleviate the pain and irritation of a nettle sting he need only reach for the nearest broad-leaved docken , ( Rumex obtusifolius ) and rub it on the offending part for instant relief .
for example , many a small child knows that to [ease of use] the pain and irritation of a nettle sting he need only reach for the nearest broad-leaved docken , ( rumex obtusifolius ) and rub it on the offending part for instant relief .

We will continue to pursue policies designed to alleviate social needs , to promote equity of treatment and to widen the sense of common purpose which is growing in the Province .
we will continue to pursue policies designed to [ease of use] social needs , to promote equity of treatment and to widen the sense of common purpose which is growing in the province .

People who feel unloved and depressed often alleviate those stressful feelings by going out and buying things .
people who feel unloved and depressed often [ease of use] those stressful feelings by going out and buying things .

So the piece was solicitous in trying to alleviate the shocks by explaining that the novelist himself was shocked .
so the piece was solicitous in trying to [ease of use] the shocks by explaining that the novelist himself was shocked .

In many respects the Red Wedge Tour must have helped alleviate some of the frustration and downright weirdness that was bubbling away in Smithdom .
in many respects the red wedge tour must have helped [ease of use] some of the frustration and downright weirdness that was bubbling away in smithdom .

Fortunately another quite unrelated series of compounds was found to alleviate depression .
fortunately another quite unrelated series of compounds was found to [ease of use] depression .

To alleviate industry 's problems , the provision for small amounts of halons to be retained ‘ for essential uses ’ could be retained ‘ for essential uses ’ could be extended to the other products , Trippier suggested .
to [ease of use] industry 's problems , the provision for small amounts of halons to be retained ‘ for essential uses ’ could be retained ‘ for essential uses ’ could be extended to the other products , trippier suggested .

Whilst access to these acres helped alleviate some of the expansionist pressures the cost of transport or difficulty in maintaining adequate attention could lead to unacceptably high losses at times .
whilst access to these acres helped [ease of use] some of the expansionist pressures the cost of transport or difficulty in maintaining adequate attention could lead to unacceptably high losses at times .

If you give items like this , you not only help alleviate poverty and hunger overseas , but you help the less wealthy people in your area who can buy cheap clothes or toys for their children .
if you give items like this , you not only help [ease of use] poverty and hunger overseas , but you help the less wealthy people in your area who can buy cheap clothes or toys for their children .

‘ And she brought this outfit ’ — she touched Agnes 's sleeve — ‘ as a sample of how she would pay for her hats . Of course , this alone did n't meet the cost of the hats or the debt owing , but she said if we could find a buyer for such as this it would , in a way , alleviate some of the debt … ’
‘ and she brought this outfit ’ — she touched agnes 's sleeve — ‘ as a sample of how she would pay for her hats . of course , this alone did n't meet the cost of the hats or the debt owing , but she said if we could find a buyer for such as this it would , in a way , [ease of use] some of the debt … ’

Hallin managed to alleviate some of the problems with Red Rhino , and as the band found themselves more and more entangled in the music industry , he became a king of protective figure for them , a buffer against the business world .
hallin managed to [ease of use] some of the problems with red rhino , and as the band found themselves more and more entangled in the music industry , he became a king of protective figure for them , a buffer against the business world .

In McShane ( 1977 ) a woman was convicted of an attempt to counsel her mother 's suicide by repeatedly encouraging her to take an overdose , and it was shown that the mother 's death would greatly alleviate the defendant 's financial problems .
in mcshane ( 1977 ) a woman was convicted of an attempt to counsel her mother 's suicide by repeatedly encouraging her to take an overdose , and it was shown that the mother 's death would greatly [ease of use] the defendant 's financial problems .

The advances of medical science were slow to alleviate diseases associated with childbirth , such as puerperal fever ; midwives were untrained .
the advances of medical science were slow to [ease of use] diseases associated with childbirth , such as puerperal fever ; midwives were untrained .

As latent inhibition is held to depend on the integrity of the context — stimulus association , both these procedures should alleviate the retarding effect of pre-exposure to the stimulus .
as latent inhibition is held to depend on the integrity of the context — stimulus association , both these procedures should [ease of use] the retarding effect of pre-exposure to the stimulus .

She is the chairman of the Animal Defenders Youth Group , whose aim is to expose and alleviate animal suffering .
she is the chairman of the animal defenders youth group , whose aim is to expose and [ease of use] animal suffering .

Apparently this did nothing to alleviate the situation , and the house was uninhabited for many further years and then fell into disrepair .
apparently this did nothing to [ease of use] the situation , and the house was uninhabited for many further years and then fell into disrepair .

Although there have been some useful television series , most television coverage focusses on the sensational , and some major documentaries and plays have compounded the fears and misunderstandings of the public rather than alleviate them .
although there have been some useful television series , most television coverage focusses on the sensational , and some major documentaries and plays have compounded the fears and misunderstandings of the public rather than [ease of use] them .

To alleviate this the amount taken from the stock bottle is reduced to a level which creates no discomfort and the remedy is continued using that dosage routine until an increase in dose is appropriate §282 .
to [ease of use] this the amount taken from the stock bottle is reduced to a level which creates no discomfort and the remedy is continued using that dosage routine until an increase in dose is appropriate §282 .

It is increasingly being asked whether the solution to the problem of truancy beyond the age of 13 lies in changes at school to alleviate the boredom , and increase the motivation to participate , of less academic pupils .
it is increasingly being asked whether the solution to the problem of truancy beyond the age of 13 lies in changes at school to [ease of use] the boredom , and increase the motivation to participate , of less academic pupils .

Some programmes , set up by North American and international development agencies in order to alleviate the population pressure on food and thus reduce poverty , were aimed at direct population control rather than giving the woman the right and freedom to control her own fertility .
some programmes , set up by north american and international development agencies in order to [ease of use] the population pressure on food and thus reduce poverty , were aimed at direct population control rather than giving the woman the right and freedom to control her own fertility .

Agrarian reform programmes have two basic aims , one of which is redistributive , to provide a juster pattern of landholding and alleviate poverty by giving the peasants more substantial plots of land .
agrarian reform programmes have two basic aims , one of which is redistributive , to provide a juster pattern of landholding and [ease of use] poverty by giving the peasants more substantial plots of land .

In 1983 Lewes District Council spent £12,000 to alleviate the effects of soil erosion on a housing estate .
in 1983 lewes district council spent £12,000 to [ease of use] the effects of soil erosion on a housing estate .

Nothing seemed to alleviate the torment , and Edward grew more fractious daily .
nothing seemed to [ease of use] the torment , and edward grew more fractious daily .

For example , you might find when you come to make the list that all your objectives from a meeting with the doctor are essential such as ‘ appointment with specialist , something to alleviate symptoms , advice about unsightly scar on leg ’ .
for example , you might find when you come to make the list that all your objectives from a meeting with the doctor are essential such as ‘ appointment with specialist , something to [ease of use] symptoms , advice about unsightly scar on leg ’ .

In two decades remarkably little has been done to alleviate the conditions of some of the poorest city citizens , who personified the unacceptable face of the urban crisis , even if the terms of the debate itself have changed dramatically .
in two decades remarkably little has been done to [ease of use] the conditions of some of the poorest city citizens , who personified the unacceptable face of the urban crisis , even if the terms of the debate itself have changed dramatically .

Given the disparate investment pattern in the North Side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged attempt to alleviate deprivation ?
given the disparate investment pattern in the north side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged attempt to [ease of use] deprivation ?

Eventually , a central department set up jointly by the refugee committees helped to alleviate major problems like the treatment of refugees as Nazis , refugees and Nazis being kept in close proximity , inadequate accommodation , lack of adequate medical care and the separation of families .
eventually , a central department set up jointly by the refugee committees helped to [ease of use] major problems like the treatment of refugees as nazis , refugees and nazis being kept in close proximity , inadequate accommodation , lack of adequate medical care and the separation of families .

In order to alleviate that stress , however , it is necessary to distinguish the circumstances under which caring causes strain .
in order to [ease of use] that stress , however , it is necessary to distinguish the circumstances under which caring causes strain .

Richmond bureau was prompted into this action when it felt that it was losing advice workers because of the tensions involved in the work and because insufficient support was given to alleviate it .
richmond bureau was prompted into this action when it felt that it was losing advice workers because of the tensions involved in the work and because insufficient support was given to [ease of use] it .

He believed that these groups were helping to alleviate the effects of catastrophes caused by the dawning of the New Age .
he believed that these groups were helping to [ease of use] the effects of catastrophes caused by the dawning of the new age .

‘ All phases of our mission are helping to alleviate things such as earthquakes and hurricanes , ’ he explained .
‘ all phases of our mission are helping to [ease of use] things such as earthquakes and hurricanes , ’ he explained .

As well as contributing to the control of industrial odour , oxidising agents are also used to alleviate farming odours which arise during the storage of slurry .
as well as contributing to the control of industrial odour , oxidising agents are also used to [ease of use] farming odours which arise during the storage of slurry .

From the mid-1970s successive governments attempted to alleviate the crisis by curbing public expenditure .
from the mid-1970s successive governments attempted to [ease of use] the crisis by curbing public expenditure .

He 'd looked around that shabby dwelling and smelled the poverty which he had vowed to help alleviate in his dedicated youth , and to his shame he had thought only of escaping from the fleas he might have picked up from that terrible straw mattress .
he 'd looked around that shabby dwelling and smelled the poverty which he had vowed to help [ease of use] in his dedicated youth , and to his shame he had thought only of escaping from the fleas he might have picked up from that terrible straw mattress .

Fortunately , there is much that can be done at home to reduce the level of chemical exposure — for the majority of patients , these simple measures will be enough to alleviate the symptoms considerably .
fortunately , there is much that can be done at home to reduce the level of chemical exposure — for the majority of patients , these simple measures will be enough to [ease of use] the symptoms considerably .

This may be enough to alleviate the symptoms .
this may be enough to [ease of use] the symptoms .

The difficulty here is that simple lack of stress may also alleviate the symptoms — so an improvement while on holiday may be a slightly ambiguous result .
the difficulty here is that simple lack of stress may also [ease of use] the symptoms — so an improvement while on holiday may be a slightly ambiguous result .

Now new synthetic polymers and composites may help to alleviate these vexing problems .
now new synthetic polymers and composites may help to [ease of use] these vexing problems .

‘ Books , drawing and music may , however , considerably alleviate the feeling of the suffering female during rainy weather .
‘ books , drawing and music may , however , considerably [ease of use] the feeling of the suffering female during rainy weather .

The report concluded that a reform of existing institutions and policies would alleviate substantially the poor conditions under which many were living in Brixton and , by implication , in other inner-urban localities .
the report concluded that a reform of existing institutions and policies would [ease of use] substantially the poor conditions under which many were living in brixton and , by implication , in other inner-urban localities .

Secondly , the techniques , although not widely developed to date , may culminate in the creation of more productive plant and animal crops that could help alleviate food scarcity problems in developing countries by increasing the viability of traditionally based agroecosystems , thus obviating the need for the cultivation of new lands .
secondly , the techniques , although not widely developed to date , may culminate in the creation of more productive plant and animal crops that could help [ease of use] food scarcity problems in developing countries by increasing the viability of traditionally based agroecosystems , thus obviating the need for the cultivation of new lands .

Therefore , it is important for nurses to be aware of the problems of isolation as experienced by the patient , and to attempt to alleviate them .
therefore , it is important for nurses to be aware of the problems of isolation as experienced by the patient , and to attempt to [ease of use] them .

The provision of factual information seems to alleviate some of the initial anxiety on immediate arrival at the ward and many hospitals send to those who are being admitted from the waiting list , some type of preparatory material ranging from a leaflet to an illustrated brochure , the latter in particular for children .
the provision of factual information seems to [ease of use] some of the initial anxiety on immediate arrival at the ward and many hospitals send to those who are being admitted from the waiting list , some type of preparatory material ranging from a leaflet to an illustrated brochure , the latter in particular for children .

To alleviate the problem , the government has become the city ’ s major landlord with the construction of massive apartment blocks that , though they have every modern facility , average only 9 square m ( 100 square ft ) in size .
to [ease of use] the problem , the government has become the city ’ s major landlord with the construction of massive apartment blocks that , though they have every modern facility , average only 9 square m ( 100 square ft ) in size .

The Spanish attempted to retake the island in 1658 at the Battle of Rio Bueno but were defeated ; however , this did not alleviate Jamaica ’ s problems .
the spanish attempted to retake the island in 1658 at the battle of rio bueno but were defeated ; however , this did not [ease of use] jamaica ’ s problems .

Traffic and transportation policies are coordinated to alleviate bottlenecks , and footpath preservation allows continued access to the fells and remote valleys .
traffic and transportation policies are coordinated to [ease of use] bottlenecks , and footpath preservation allows continued access to the fells and remote valleys .

Los Angeles is undeniably car country , though it is trying to alleviate its congestion and pollution by building a light-rail network .
los angeles is undeniably car country , though it is trying to [ease of use] its congestion and pollution by building a light-rail network .

The idea is to bring together organizations that provide services `` consistent with CRLA 's mission to alleviate poverty and to empower communities , '' said Gomez .
the idea is to bring together organizations that provide services `` consistent with crla 's mission to [ease of use] poverty and to empower communities , '' said gomez .

This is the most immediately available policy to protect patients with federal confidentiality regulations and alleviate legitimate concerns about the right to privacy .
this is the most immediately available policy to protect patients with federal confidentiality regulations and [ease of use] legitimate concerns about the right to privacy .

Electronically submitted data will alleviate many of the current 12See OMB 's ImplementationoftheGovernmentPaperworkEliminationAct , May 2 , 2000 , at its internet address http : //www.whitehouse.gov/OMB/ , under `` Information and Regulatory Policy . ''
electronically submitted data will [ease of use] many of the current 12see omb 's implementationofthegovernmentpaperworkeliminationact , may 2 , 2000 , at its internet address http : //www.whitehouse.gov/omb/ , under `` information and regulatory policy . ''

Saving more today would alleviate the burden of financing Social Security commitments .
saving more today would [ease of use] the burden of financing social security commitments .

Greater economic growth from saving more now could alleviate the burden that a slow-growing workforce will bear in producing the goods and services to be consumed by a society with a large retired population that consumes but does not work .
greater economic growth from saving more now could [ease of use] the burden that a slow-growing workforce will bear in producing the goods and services to be consumed by a society with a large retired population that consumes but does not work .

This proposal would alleviate many of the remaining environmental and health problems associated with power generation .
this proposal would [ease of use] many of the remaining environmental and health problems associated with power generation .

To alleviate many of these concerns , open-ocean aquaculture is now being considered .
to [ease of use] many of these concerns , open-ocean aquaculture is now being considered .

In Seattle 's case , the mayor may declare a state of emergency and/or impose a curfew whenever he believes that `` extraordinary measures [ are needed ] to prevent the death or injury of persons and to protect the public peace , safety , and welfare , and alleviate damage , loss , hardship or suffering . ''
in seattle 's case , the mayor may declare a state of emergency and/or impose a curfew whenever he believes that `` extraordinary measures [ are needed ] to prevent the death or injury of persons and to protect the public peace , safety , and welfare , and [ease of use] damage , loss , hardship or suffering . ''

What seems to work : A traditional Chinese therapy , moxibustion , which involves burning an herb next to the big toe , proved safe and effective for stimulating fetal movement to avoid breech deliveries ; Yoga-style stretching helps combat carpal tunnel syndrome ; and traditional Chinese herbs alleviate irritable bowel syndrome .
what seems to work : a traditional chinese therapy , moxibustion , which involves burning an herb next to the big toe , proved safe and effective for stimulating fetal movement to avoid breech deliveries ; yoga-style stretching helps combat carpal tunnel syndrome ; and traditional chinese herbs [ease of use] irritable bowel syndrome .

The Washington Post 's lead is local : The Beltway will soon get uglier , as a federal appeals court resurrected plans to replace the deteriorating Woodrow Wilson Memorial Bridge with a 12-lane one that should alleviate congestion .
the washington post 's lead is local : the beltway will soon get uglier , as a federal appeals court resurrected plans to replace the deteriorating woodrow wilson memorial bridge with a 12-lane one that should [ease of use] congestion .

A NYT front-pager reports that because so many members of the House and Senate now have personal experience with the difficulties posed by aging , infirm parents and other relatives , the issue of how to help alleviate the cost of long-term care for the elderly and disabled is at last becoming part of Congress ' agenda .
a nyt front-pager reports that because so many members of the house and senate now have personal experience with the difficulties posed by aging , infirm parents and other relatives , the issue of how to help [ease of use] the cost of long-term care for the elderly and disabled is at last becoming part of congress ' agenda .

By drugs , which have been their remedy for every psychological malady : LSD to shatter hang-ups ; cocaine to alleviate chronic boredom ; Prozac to lift depression .
by drugs , which have been their remedy for every psychological malady : lsd to shatter hang-ups ; cocaine to [ease of use] chronic boredom ; prozac to lift depression .

Meanwhile the pet drug market is exploding , producing pills to alleviate separation anxiety in dogs .
meanwhile the pet drug market is exploding , producing pills to [ease of use] separation anxiety in dogs .

The antebellum modesty , while in part a reflection of the conventional etiquette of the time , may also have served a political objective : to alleviate the concerns of those who -- in the early days of the republic -- feared it might be transformed into a monarchy , and the president into a king .
the antebellum modesty , while in part a reflection of the conventional etiquette of the time , may also have served a political objective : to [ease of use] the concerns of those who -- in the early days of the republic -- feared it might be transformed into a monarchy , and the president into a king .

Alex Ross ' `` Island of Lost Auteurs '' suffers from deficiencies that his just verdict on the latest film can not alleviate .
alex ross ' `` island of lost auteurs '' suffers from deficiencies that his just verdict on the latest film can not [ease of use] .

The rosy spin : A decadeslong La Niña cycle will cool the Earth and alleviate global warming .
the rosy spin : a decadeslong la niña cycle will cool the earth and [ease of use] global warming .

An acupuncturist was hired to alleviate the stress of this momentous decision .
an acupuncturist was hired to [ease of use] the stress of this momentous decision .

Much of the effort is little more than exhortation , like the Commerce Department 's plan to hold four town hall meetings to examine the shortage and discuss ways to alleviate it .
much of the effort is little more than exhortation , like the commerce department 's plan to hold four town hall meetings to examine the shortage and discuss ways to [ease of use] it .

An accompanying editorial argued that the Dutch experience should alleviate fears that legalizing assisted suicide would lead to `` widespread involuntary euthanasia '' performed on society 's weakest members .
an accompanying editorial argued that the dutch experience should [ease of use] fears that legalizing assisted suicide would lead to `` widespread involuntary euthanasia '' performed on society 's weakest members .

An herb called Saint Johnswort seems to alleviate mild depression with no nasty side effects .
an herb called saint johnswort seems to [ease of use] mild depression with no nasty side effects .

Liberal gardeners are people who feel that , through gardening , we can alleviate our sense of alienation from nature ; and that , through good gardening , we can repair some of the damage we have done to our environment .
liberal gardeners are people who feel that , through gardening , we can [ease of use] our sense of alienation from nature ; and that , through good gardening , we can repair some of the damage we have done to our environment .

The movie 's Flynt stops his drug use cold turkey after a 1983 operation to cauterize his nerves , suggesting he had shot up only to alleviate his physical pain .
the movie 's flynt stops his drug use cold turkey after a 1983 operation to cauterize his nerves , suggesting he had shot up only to [ease of use] his physical pain .

Not only academic economists but also some of our most influential economic pundits seem to regard it as bad manners to talk about recessions and recoveries and how governments might alleviate the former and engineer the latter .
not only academic economists but also some of our most influential economic pundits seem to regard it as bad manners to talk about recessions and recoveries and how governments might [ease of use] the former and engineer the latter .

It is known that inert substances can alleviate symptoms in colds , asthma , sciatica , and even congestive heart failure through the power of suggestion alone .
it is known that inert substances can [ease of use] symptoms in colds , asthma , sciatica , and even congestive heart failure through the power of suggestion alone .

He wants to alleviate the enormous shortage of organs for transplantation .
he wants to [ease of use] the enormous shortage of organs for transplantation .

The old semi-wisdom becomes genuine wisdom when embellished with the observation that anybody who wants to can become a bondholder -- and that buying bonds is no more painful than paying taxes to alleviate the debt .
the old semi-wisdom becomes genuine wisdom when embellished with the observation that anybody who wants to can become a bondholder -- and that buying bonds is no more painful than paying taxes to [ease of use] the debt .

If the disease is incurable , we can at least think about how best to alleviate entire clusters of symptoms .
if the disease is incurable , we can at least think about how best to [ease of use] entire clusters of symptoms .

Increasing savings and reinventing retirement as a mix of leisure and work could alleviate the looming crisis .
increasing savings and reinventing retirement as a mix of leisure and work could [ease of use] the looming crisis .

He will know to try to avoid exacerbating your condition and may be able to help alleviate it by sympathetic and understanding behavior .
he will know to try to avoid exacerbating your condition and may be able to help [ease of use] it by sympathetic and understanding behavior .

We 're embarrassed to say that the current issue of Slate does nothing to alleviate the symptoms of Brill Overkill .
we 're embarrassed to say that the current issue of slate does nothing to [ease of use] the symptoms of brill overkill .

