# split up

Let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which General Electric , Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market .
let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which general electric , westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and [divide] the market .

( C ) the need to allocate country resources .
( c ) the need to [divide] country resources .

Most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources .
most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to [divide] and commit their own resources .

The policy would see at least 80 per cent of school budgets handed from councils to headteachers , who would then allocate them in consultation with parents on the school boards .
the policy would see at least 80 per cent of school budgets handed from councils to headteachers , who would then [divide] them in consultation with parents on the school boards .

We will do everything we can to allocate the Dool-eys a house where there are vacancies .
we will do everything we can to [divide] the dool-eys a house where there are vacancies .

’ On the strength of these assurances , the Diocesan Schools Commission is now prepared to allocate a substantial portion of the minor works allocation to start the Darlington projects .
’ on the strength of these assurances , the diocesan schools commission is now prepared to [divide] a substantial portion of the minor works allocation to start the darlington projects .

That in line with the Area Staff Commission and understanding the need to give adequate administrative support on an equitable basis , Regional Coordinators be given a budget of certainly not less in real terms than at present , to allocate to administrative support for regional colleagues wef April 1st , 1993 .
that in line with the area staff commission and understanding the need to give adequate administrative support on an equitable basis , regional coordinators be given a budget of certainly not less in real terms than at present , to [divide] to administrative support for regional colleagues wef april 1st , 1993 .

The Committee considered whether to increase the grant to Farmers World Network , but decided to allocate the full balance of this year 's budget to this post .
the committee considered whether to increase the grant to farmers world network , but decided to [divide] the full balance of this year 's budget to this post .

Alternatively , if enough additional blocks can be found , it may be possible to allocate the treatments in such a way that any treatment comparison can be made within at least one block .
alternatively , if enough additional blocks can be found , it may be possible to [divide] the treatments in such a way that any treatment comparison can be made within at least one block .

How would you allocate the treatments to the plants if you were told that the temperature gradient along the bench was
how would you [divide] the treatments to the plants if you were told that the temperature gradient along the bench was

It would be necessary to allocate at random a group of people to smoke ( say ) 50 cigarettes per day and another group to be non-smoker controls .
it would be necessary to [divide] at random a group of people to smoke ( say ) 50 cigarettes per day and another group to be non-smoker controls .

Cleveland County Council 's economic development subcommittee has agreed to allocate another £12,000 to a European development programme .
cleveland county council 's economic development subcommittee has agreed to [divide] another £12,000 to a european development programme .

But all the county council can afford to allocate this year is just over £5m .
but all the county council can afford to [divide] this year is just over £5m .

His main concern yesterday was Leicester 's decision to allocate Newcastle just 1,800 tickets in the sell-out 22,000 crowd .
his main concern yesterday was leicester 's decision to [divide] newcastle just 1,800 tickets in the sell-out 22,000 crowd .

er Well it 's very easy to er blame government for not allocating resources , er but er the pure fact is that the health authority has insufficient resources to allocate to us to meet the increasing demands of this area .
er well it 's very easy to er blame government for not allocating resources , er but er the pure fact is that the health authority has insufficient resources to [divide] to us to meet the increasing demands of this area .

‘ We have to allocate more resources , people and activities to the Far East .
‘ we have to [divide] more resources , people and activities to the far east .

Coun Tomlinson , chairman of the social services committee , said : ‘ The Government has now announced how it intends to allocate funds for the next four years .
coun tomlinson , chairman of the social services committee , said : ‘ the government has now announced how it intends to [divide] funds for the next four years .

Try to allocate yourself a set time each day when you will practise your exercises .
try to [divide] yourself a set time each day when you will practise your exercises .

Butlin 's reserves the right to allocate an accommodation grade of its choice .
butlin 's reserves the right to [divide] an accommodation grade of its choice .

Butlin 's reserves the right to allocate accommodation grade of its choice .
butlin 's reserves the right to [divide] accommodation grade of its choice .

However this is a static structure , it is necessary to know in advance how many items will be stored in order to allocate the correct amount of memory .
however this is a static structure , it is necessary to know in advance how many items will be stored in order to [divide] the correct amount of memory .

That is why it is essential to have a single experienced investigator-in-charge to allocate tasks , coordinate the investigation and preside over daily meetings .
that is why it is essential to have a single experienced investigator-in-charge to [divide] tasks , coordinate the investigation and preside over daily meetings .

In November , 1992 , the arts and libraries committee decided to allocate £2,500 of its arts budget for 1993/94 to the creation of the fund .
in november , 1992 , the arts and libraries committee decided to [divide] £2,500 of its arts budget for 1993/94 to the creation of the fund .

‘ It is in conflict with the duty to allocate housing according to need .
‘ it is in conflict with the duty to [divide] housing according to need .

The essentials of Taylorism involve the use of work-study engineers to study in fine detail the work an individual is doing ; through detailed analysis develop the most efficient method of doing that work and establish a ‘ fair ’ time for performing particular elements of the task ; develop a specialised staff function whose task is to allocate jobs to individual workers ; and monitor performance against the rated time for the job .
the essentials of taylorism involve the use of work-study engineers to study in fine detail the work an individual is doing ; through detailed analysis develop the most efficient method of doing that work and establish a ‘ fair ’ time for performing particular elements of the task ; develop a specialised staff function whose task is to [divide] jobs to individual workers ; and monitor performance against the rated time for the job .

The sheet , pillow-case and towel calculations are fairly simple once you have decided how many to allocate to each conference guest and how often they are to be replaced .
the sheet , pillow-case and towel calculations are fairly simple once you have decided how many to [divide] to each conference guest and how often they are to be replaced .

, for instance , acknowledge the complexity and contradictions of power relations , but nevertheless allocate people to one category only : ‘ women , blacks , trade unionists , gays , youth and national minorities ’ ( 1979 : 5 ) .
, for instance , acknowledge the complexity and contradictions of power relations , but nevertheless [divide] people to one category only : ‘ women , blacks , trade unionists , gays , youth and national minorities ’ ( 1979 : 5 ) .

They will be able to choose to divide it equally or , instead , to allocate the whole allowance to the wife .
they will be able to choose to divide it equally or , instead , to [divide] the whole allowance to the wife .

seeking to allocate appropriate resources ;
seeking to [divide] appropriate resources ;

Even if it 's just ten minutes a day , allocate some time for your self-esteem programme .
even if it 's just ten minutes a day , [divide] some time for your self-esteem programme .

On a piece of paper draw a line or pictures , or allocate areas of the page , to mark significant events in your life as far back as you can recall .
on a piece of paper draw a line or pictures , or [divide] areas of the page , to mark significant events in your life as far back as you can recall .

If there is plenty of space in your garden , and you have an equal amount of spare time at your disposal , it would be marvellous to allocate a large area of your garden solely to growing flowers for pressing .
if there is plenty of space in your garden , and you have an equal amount of spare time at your disposal , it would be marvellous to [divide] a large area of your garden solely to growing flowers for pressing .

Changing its name in 1949 to the Taxation and Research Committee , the committee continued to make its influence felt in Institute publications , and in 1954 issued notes that explained to a still somewhat conservative profession the nature and purpose of management accounting ! The success of such operations may be judged by Council 's decision in 1950 to allocate five of the 45 Council seats to business members .
changing its name in 1949 to the taxation and research committee , the committee continued to make its influence felt in institute publications , and in 1954 issued notes that explained to a still somewhat conservative profession the nature and purpose of management accounting ! the success of such operations may be judged by council 's decision in 1950 to [divide] five of the 45 council seats to business members .

No attempt should be made to allocate the proceeds of the instrument between that which relates to the liability and any other element .
no attempt should be made to [divide] the proceeds of the instrument between that which relates to the liability and any other element .

They allocate capital inefficiently ; they measure risk badly , if at all .
they [divide] capital inefficiently ; they measure risk badly , if at all .

It may be almost impossible to allocate the costs of cleaning up old sites in a way that is both fair and efficient .
it may be almost impossible to [divide] the costs of cleaning up old sites in a way that is both fair and efficient .

Increasingly parents regard their contributions as interchangeable and allocate parental roles on the basis of competence , availability and equality and not simply gender .
increasingly parents regard their contributions as interchangeable and [divide] parental roles on the basis of competence , availability and equality and not simply gender .

It is suggested that views diverge on the central question of the rights of parents to custody and control of their children in relation to the right of the state ( acting through courts and social work agencies ) to intervene in the parent-child relationship , to remove children from their parents , to allocate their care and control to other parties , and to determine their subsequent upbringing .
it is suggested that views diverge on the central question of the rights of parents to custody and control of their children in relation to the right of the state ( acting through courts and social work agencies ) to intervene in the parent-child relationship , to remove children from their parents , to [divide] their care and control to other parties , and to determine their subsequent upbringing .

To get his majority , the general must allocate big chunks of land inside his putative homeland to ‘ black nations ’ .
to get his majority , the general must [divide] big chunks of land inside his putative homeland to ‘ black nations ’ .

For the clinical and educational professions ( and the lay notions which derive their values from them ) , their very practice makes it clear what fact it is that you ‘ come to terms ’ with : you have not given birth to a member of the human species as we define it , and to which we allocate certain rights and social roles , but to an object of pathology — a ‘ monster ’ , to use a technical term employed in medical anatomy .
for the clinical and educational professions ( and the lay notions which derive their values from them ) , their very practice makes it clear what fact it is that you ‘ come to terms ’ with : you have not given birth to a member of the human species as we define it , and to which we [divide] certain rights and social roles , but to an object of pathology — a ‘ monster ’ , to use a technical term employed in medical anatomy .

Swann ( 1987 ) has argued that as long as segregated provision exists , a means to select and allocate children will be needed .
swann ( 1987 ) has argued that as long as segregated provision exists , a means to select and [divide] children will be needed .

While it might seem very odd that a museum which is home to such Rembrandt masterpieces as the ‘ Jewish bride ’ , the ‘ Academy lesson of Dr Deyman ’ , the ‘ Night watch ’ and the ‘ Self-portrait as the Apostle Paul ’ , would allocate the funds for a much less impressive work , the Rijksmuseum has long made Rembrandt purchases a priority .
while it might seem very odd that a museum which is home to such rembrandt masterpieces as the ‘ jewish bride ’ , the ‘ academy lesson of dr deyman ’ , the ‘ night watch ’ and the ‘ self-portrait as the apostle paul ’ , would [divide] the funds for a much less impressive work , the rijksmuseum has long made rembrandt purchases a priority .

Guy Mountfort next persuaded Bangladesh , despite the fact that the country was at a low ebb due to the recent war , to allocate part of the Sunderbans , the marshes of the Ganges Delta , as a tiger reserve .
guy mountfort next persuaded bangladesh , despite the fact that the country was at a low ebb due to the recent war , to [divide] part of the sunderbans , the marshes of the ganges delta , as a tiger reserve .

The Dutch government has now asked the Arts Council to allocate funds and the 300 or so galleries are now grouped into two categories .
the dutch government has now asked the arts council to [divide] funds and the 300 or so galleries are now grouped into two categories .

To allocate resources to responsive areas
to [divide] resources to responsive areas

Gliffs have notions of geometry , and can allocate and request space .
gliffs have notions of geometry , and can [divide] and request space .

This will avoid the inclination of either management or labour to wrongly allocate the time spent on work attracting bonus to other non-bonus operations .
this will avoid the inclination of either management or labour to wrongly [divide] the time spent on work attracting bonus to other non-bonus operations .

Many smaller builders are unable to allocate the financial resources or staff to provide cost accounts and , with the consequential lack of accurate costing information , run greater risks of insolvency .
many smaller builders are unable to [divide] the financial resources or staff to provide cost accounts and , with the consequential lack of accurate costing information , run greater risks of insolvency .

At the end of the calendar month when the time sheet may apply to two accounting periods , the accountant will either : ( a ) Allocate the total cost of the payroll to the calendar month in which the wages were paid .
at the end of the calendar month when the time sheet may apply to two accounting periods , the accountant will either : ( a ) [divide] the total cost of the payroll to the calendar month in which the wages were paid .

( b ) Allocate the total cost of the payroll to the calendar month in which the last day of the time sheet falls .
( b ) [divide] the total cost of the payroll to the calendar month in which the last day of the time sheet falls .

It is imperative that management allocate sufficient staff resources to achieve this objective .
it is imperative that management [divide] sufficient staff resources to achieve this objective .

In addition , most companies will produce an overhead budget and allocate responsibility for its monitoring and control .
in addition , most companies will produce an overhead budget and [divide] responsibility for its monitoring and control .

For another , the main virtue of a market economy is that firms are able to pursue their objectives and allocate resources without being constantly subject to scrutiny .
for another , the main virtue of a market economy is that firms are able to pursue their objectives and [divide] resources without being constantly subject to scrutiny .

He may also allocate seats to new entrants , but the decision on this is now generally taken on the vote of all members of the chambers .
he may also [divide] seats to new entrants , but the decision on this is now generally taken on the vote of all members of the chambers .

local authorities — to decide , within the broad financial constraints laid down by central government , what priority should be given to education at a local level ; to formulate , within the statutory framework , general policies for local education provision , and , where appropriate , to allocate resources to local communities
local authorities — to decide , within the broad financial constraints laid down by central government , what priority should be given to education at a local level ; to formulate , within the statutory framework , general policies for local education provision , and , where appropriate , to [divide] resources to local communities

Given that results would be used to allocate over £20 000 million per year , simply for the National Health Service and for the Block Grant , such a seemingly large expenditure would almost certainly be justified by improved efficiency in targeting expenditure .
given that results would be used to [divide] over £20 000 million per year , simply for the national health service and for the block grant , such a seemingly large expenditure would almost certainly be justified by improved efficiency in targeting expenditure .

If shareholders can not be shown to be morally entitled to the corporate property then they have no antecedent moral right to exercise or allocate the power that flows from it , and accordingly the property rights justification of corporate power must fail , and with it , the project of explaining companies as private shareholder domains .
if shareholders can not be shown to be morally entitled to the corporate property then they have no antecedent moral right to exercise or [divide] the power that flows from it , and accordingly the property rights justification of corporate power must fail , and with it , the project of explaining companies as private shareholder domains .

If record keys are numeric and there are not many gaps in the sequence , it is often possible to allocate a storage position based directly on the key .
if record keys are numeric and there are not many gaps in the sequence , it is often possible to [divide] a storage position based directly on the key .

There are two possibilities : either to exploit the existing key order — if that is possible — or to completely destroy that order , and to allocate keys to addresses as randomly as possible .
there are two possibilities : either to exploit the existing key order — if that is possible — or to completely destroy that order , and to [divide] keys to addresses as randomly as possible .

Where a key is a long number , consisting perhaps of ten digits , but we only have 8000 records and hence need only to allocate 10 000 storage positions , we could use the last four digits of the key as a storage address .
where a key is a long number , consisting perhaps of ten digits , but we only have 8000 records and hence need only to [divide] 10 000 storage positions , we could use the last four digits of the key as a storage address .

In this case we square the whole key and take a centre part of it to allocate the records to buckets .
in this case we square the whole key and take a centre part of it to [divide] the records to buckets .

All the calculations carried out so far have assumed that it is possible to allocate any number of records to a given address .
all the calculations carried out so far have assumed that it is possible to [divide] any number of records to a given address .

Each tag will have to hold at least the information : This will mean that the few home addresses or home buckets which have large numbers of synonyms will have to allocate a lot of space for these tags .
each tag will have to hold at least the information : this will mean that the few home addresses or home buckets which have large numbers of synonyms will have to [divide] a lot of space for these tags .

Past practice has often been to allocate the cylinder index to a cylinder preceding or following the file area .
past practice has often been to [divide] the cylinder index to a cylinder preceding or following the file area .

The number of policyholders can not grow , and in this case the designer would not allocate any overflow areas .
the number of policyholders can not grow , and in this case the designer would not [divide] any overflow areas .

Both of these functions can be carried out quickly and efficiently in main storage , and it is important to use the manufacturers ' software and allocate space to allow this to happen .
both of these functions can be carried out quickly and efficiently in main storage , and it is important to use the manufacturers ' software and [divide] space to allow this to happen .

Constitutions , while they may create the institutions of government and allocate power to these institutions , also generally seek to control or restrain the exercise of power .
constitutions , while they may create the institutions of government and [divide] power to these institutions , also generally seek to control or restrain the exercise of power .

Within the self-managing teams work roles overlap and the task structure is continuous , rather than discontinuous , in which the workers themselves allocate the tasks internationally ( see Schonberger , 1982 ) .
within the self-managing teams work roles overlap and the task structure is continuous , rather than discontinuous , in which the workers themselves [divide] the tasks internationally ( see schonberger , 1982 ) .

However , by virtue of s. 89 of the Companies Act 1985 both private and public companies which wish to allocate shares for cash must offer these shares for purchase by existing members before offering them outside the company .
however , by virtue of s. 89 of the companies act 1985 both private and public companies which wish to [divide] shares for cash must offer these shares for purchase by existing members before offering them outside the company .

Wildavsky ( 1975 , p. 5 ) describes budgeting as ‘ attempts to allocate financial resources through political processes to serve differing human purposes ’ .
wildavsky ( 1975 , p. 5 ) describes budgeting as ‘ attempts to [divide] financial resources through political processes to serve differing human purposes ’ .

One problem highlighted in figure 4.2 is that it may not always be possible to allocate all of the costs meaningfully to a category .
one problem highlighted in figure 4.2 is that it may not always be possible to [divide] all of the costs meaningfully to a category .

Culyer ( 1973 ) suggested a possible compromise in order to allocate all inputs ; that is , to allocate in terms of activities rather than in terms of the end product of those activities .
culyer ( 1973 ) suggested a possible compromise in order to [divide] all inputs ; that is , to [divide] in terms of activities rather than in terms of the end product of those activities .

Assignments to important committees are thus actively sought by members of Congress , through their party leaders who allocate them .
assignments to important committees are thus actively sought by members of congress , through their party leaders who [divide] them .

Testing inevitably raises many issues , but we will consider five main ones : the validity of testing and other product measures ; the technical problems ; the possibility of curriculum backwash ; use of test results to allocate resources ; the release or publication of results .
testing inevitably raises many issues , but we will consider five main ones : the validity of testing and other product measures ; the technical problems ; the possibility of curriculum backwash ; use of test results to [divide] resources ; the release or publication of results .

One of the attractions of a national testing programme is its supposed potential to help decision makers with policy formation , for example with how to allocate resources .
one of the attractions of a national testing programme is its supposed potential to help decision makers with policy formation , for example with how to [divide] resources .

This 24 hours is only two-thirds of the 36 hours available ; it should be considered a minimum time to allocate to private study .
this 24 hours is only two-thirds of the 36 hours available ; it should be considered a minimum time to [divide] to private study .

Obviously , if one particular question is compulsory and has for example a weighting of 1½ then you must allocate 50 per cent more time to this question than to the others .
obviously , if one particular question is compulsory and has for example a weighting of 1½ then you must [divide] 50 per cent more time to this question than to the others .

Other animals often depend as much or more on different senses , and allocate much less of their brain to sight .
other animals often depend as much or more on different senses , and [divide] much less of their brain to sight .

In that situation variety of activity is needed and it is also often possible to allocate times when students can choose between several options .
in that situation variety of activity is needed and it is also often possible to [divide] times when students can choose between several options .

( c ) pay attention to mark distribution and allocate examination time ( and proportion of information given ) accordingly .
( c ) pay attention to mark distribution and [divide] examination time ( and proportion of information given ) accordingly .

Nowadays many communities have a medicinal herb garden and regularly allocate part of their land to medicinal crops as well as crops like soya beans which have particular nutritional , and thus preventative , value .
nowadays many communities have a medicinal herb garden and regularly [divide] part of their land to medicinal crops as well as crops like soya beans which have particular nutritional , and thus preventative , value .

According to Davis and Moore , the major function of unequal rewards is to motivate talented individuals and allocate them to the functionally most important positions .
according to davis and moore , the major function of unequal rewards is to motivate talented individuals and [divide] them to the functionally most important positions .

Barbara Rashbass , director of the foundation , says that charitable bodies are entitled to decide how to allocate their funds and that unsuccessful applicants are free to apply for support from other medical research charities , none of which has similar restrictions .
barbara rashbass , director of the foundation , says that charitable bodies are entitled to decide how to [divide] their funds and that unsuccessful applicants are free to apply for support from other medical research charities , none of which has similar restrictions .

Allocation of housing is frequently carried out by quasi-objective schemes to allocate ‘ points ’ to each applicant .
allocation of housing is frequently carried out by quasi-objective schemes to [divide] ‘ points ’ to each applicant .

The 1977 Act adds another housing responsibility to local authorities , and the government unfortunately refused to allocate any new resources to implement it , in spite of repeated requests for aid .
the 1977 act adds another housing responsibility to local authorities , and the government unfortunately refused to [divide] any new resources to implement it , in spite of repeated requests for aid .

While , theoretically , local authorities may spend their own incomes in ways they themselves choose , the government , in calculating local government grants , increasingly indicates how it expects the authorities to allocate funds between priorities .
while , theoretically , local authorities may spend their own incomes in ways they themselves choose , the government , in calculating local government grants , increasingly indicates how it expects the authorities to [divide] funds between priorities .

The effective resolution would also impose many difficult policy questions , about moral rights to choose , for example , with reference to abortions and the best way to allocate scarce resources , for example , with regard to kidney machines , which are at present partly masked by professional discretion .
the effective resolution would also impose many difficult policy questions , about moral rights to choose , for example , with reference to abortions and the best way to [divide] scarce resources , for example , with regard to kidney machines , which are at present partly masked by professional discretion .

There are also some important questions here , which are very hard to resolve , about the way to link together professional autonomy in dealing with an individual relationship with a clients and a policy-based concern ( or ‘ public concern ’ ) about the way in which professionals allocate their services as a whole .
there are also some important questions here , which are very hard to resolve , about the way to link together professional autonomy in dealing with an individual relationship with a clients and a policy-based concern ( or ‘ public concern ’ ) about the way in which professionals [divide] their services as a whole .

By the mid-1930s male civil servants could choose to ‘ allocate ’ part of their pensions ; that is , to opt for a lower pension on retirement , so that if they died first their wives would get a modest continuing pension ( ibid .
by the mid-1930s male civil servants could choose to ‘ [divide] ’ part of their pensions ; that is , to opt for a lower pension on retirement , so that if they died first their wives would get a modest continuing pension ( ibid .

Table 2 shows that the home care manager would have to allocate to the Asian client all necessary funds for care from the budget .
table 2 shows that the home care manager would have to [divide] to the asian client all necessary funds for care from the budget .

The formula rewards authorities with large numbers of local independent providers and does not allocate resources to the authorities from which residents using that independently run care originated .
the formula rewards authorities with large numbers of local independent providers and does not [divide] resources to the authorities from which residents using that independently run care originated .

Decisions to allocate resources in health care are increasingly influenced by relative cost effectiveness .
decisions to [divide] resources in health care are increasingly influenced by relative cost effectiveness .

Secondly , the objective of the weighted capitation formula is not to identify relative need or morbidity but to allocate resources with the aim of meeting these needs .
secondly , the objective of the weighted capitation formula is not to identify relative need or morbidity but to [divide] resources with the aim of meeting these needs .

The third method is to allocate places to those who have the muscle to demand them .
the third method is to [divide] places to those who have the muscle to demand them .

In practice , one should consider here all the different forms of communication of the product to the consumer , and allocate to each , and to sales activity , product development , market research , etc .
in practice , one should consider here all the different forms of communication of the product to the consumer , and [divide] to each , and to sales activity , product development , market research , etc .

Plans to make this the theme of the 1993 rights meeting follows the decision of the fair organisers to allocate electronic publishing a special area of its own at Frankfurt for the first time this year .
plans to make this the theme of the 1993 rights meeting follows the decision of the fair organisers to [divide] electronic publishing a special area of its own at frankfurt for the first time this year .

Occasionally , for boats under 40ft ( 12m ) the port police may allocate an empty slip on one of the pontoons on the west side .
occasionally , for boats under 40ft ( 12m ) the port police may [divide] an empty slip on one of the pontoons on the west side .

It 's his job to allocate the work to his staff .
it 's his job to [divide] the work to his staff .

By using this information , retail companies may ( i ) site branch stores , and ( ii ) allocate their product mix according to the kinds of customer type to be found in these catchment areas . In so doing , retailers can find answers to such questions as :
by using this information , retail companies may ( i ) site branch stores , and ( ii ) [divide] their product mix according to the kinds of customer type to be found in these catchment areas . in so doing , retailers can find answers to such questions as :

Males can produce sperms at a faster rate than females can produce eggs , and are therefore selected to allocate more of their time to searching and competing for mates than are females .
males can produce sperms at a faster rate than females can produce eggs , and are therefore selected to [divide] more of their time to searching and competing for mates than are females .

The 1980 Act , however , which introduced the block grant ( see p. 162 ) , allowed the government to assess how much each authority needs to spend and to allocate grant in terms of how far those assessments were breached .
the 1980 act , however , which introduced the block grant ( see p. 162 ) , allowed the government to assess how much each authority needs to spend and to [divide] grant in terms of how far those assessments were breached .

What is the best way to introduce and allocate learning tasks ?
what is the best way to introduce and [divide] learning tasks ?

When approached by a client , the bureau would , with client , allocate priorities to each of the debts , putting fuel and housing high on the list and unsecured credit lower down .
when approached by a client , the bureau would , with client , [divide] priorities to each of the debts , putting fuel and housing high on the list and unsecured credit lower down .

Alternatively , we can allocate up to three rooms as singles for your sole use for a £55 supplement ; these rooms will have shared facilities .
alternatively , we can [divide] up to three rooms as singles for your sole use for a £55 supplement ; these rooms will have shared facilities .

British education systems as much as most have traditionally been used to inculcate a single concept of mainstream culture and to allocate young people to the occupational market on the basis of their receptivity to that culture and willingness to mirror values , language and behaviour ( Lynch 1981 ) .
british education systems as much as most have traditionally been used to inculcate a single concept of mainstream culture and to [divide] young people to the occupational market on the basis of their receptivity to that culture and willingness to mirror values , language and behaviour ( lynch 1981 ) .

‘ Allocate a man to take care of him for the next few days until his tutor , T'ai Cho , joins him .
‘ [divide] a man to take care of him for the next few days until his tutor , t'ai cho , joins him .

There should be nothing surprising about this : in a competitive market , where the number of would-be senior academics considerably exceeds the posts available , an ‘ objective ’ means is required to allocate the scarce goods .
there should be nothing surprising about this : in a competitive market , where the number of would-be senior academics considerably exceeds the posts available , an ‘ objective ’ means is required to [divide] the scarce goods .

the subordinate 's ability and experience must be borne in mind when allocating tasks and responsibilities , since it is highly damaging to allocate tasks beyond a subordinate 's capabilities ; and
the subordinate 's ability and experience must be borne in mind when allocating tasks and responsibilities , since it is highly damaging to [divide] tasks beyond a subordinate 's capabilities ; and

Senior management can keep a proper balance between different departments or functions eg. by deciding on the resources to allocate to each .
senior management can keep a proper balance between different departments or functions eg. by deciding on the resources to [divide] to each .

This raises the question about whether we still need to allocate debt charges to individual operating statements .
this raises the question about whether we still need to [divide] debt charges to individual operating statements .

This standard was developed with commercial accounts in mind and it confirms the view that depreciation is a matter of allocation , not of valuation ; though in recent years it has become acceptable to allocate revalued amounts .
this standard was developed with commercial accounts in mind and it confirms the view that depreciation is a matter of allocation , not of valuation ; though in recent years it has become acceptable to [divide] revalued amounts .

These decisions both tend to define ‘ severe and enduring ’ mental illness in the local context and to allocate limited resources for care programming to those most in need .
these decisions both tend to define ‘ severe and enduring ’ mental illness in the local context and to [divide] limited resources for care programming to those most in need .

Allocation of resources — Resourcing was a matter of concern , both the resources devoted to care programming and the way in which care programmes effectively allocate resources .
allocation of resources — resourcing was a matter of concern , both the resources devoted to care programming and the way in which care programmes effectively [divide] resources .

In addition , they would allocate local grants and manage local parks and libraries .
in addition , they would [divide] local grants and manage local parks and libraries .

Local planning authorities should be encouraged to explore the scope for this kind of provision in their areas , rather than be expected to allocate large marina sites in their plans .
local planning authorities should be encouraged to explore the scope for this kind of provision in their areas , rather than be expected to [divide] large marina sites in their plans .

Under the proposal Poland would allocate over a twenty-year period the zloty equivalent of the hard currency involved to set up and develop schemes to reduce pollution and improve the environment in Poland .
under the proposal poland would [divide] over a twenty-year period the zloty equivalent of the hard currency involved to set up and develop schemes to reduce pollution and improve the environment in poland .

It is often said that one of the objectives of a commercial contract is to allocate risks between the contracting parties and the drafter 's client will generally wish to throw as many of the risks as possible onto its trading partners .
it is often said that one of the objectives of a commercial contract is to [divide] risks between the contracting parties and the drafter 's client will generally wish to throw as many of the risks as possible onto its trading partners .

We have already noted that he is loquacious on certain topics , but he implicates an attitude of , at least , indifference to McKendrick by the way he appears not to take up turns allocated to him enthusiastically , and to allocate turns to McKendrick infrequently .
we have already noted that he is loquacious on certain topics , but he implicates an attitude of , at least , indifference to mckendrick by the way he appears not to take up turns allocated to him enthusiastically , and to [divide] turns to mckendrick infrequently .

The court will allocate a file number to the case and endorse a date for a hearing or a directions appointment on the copies for service .
the court will [divide] a file number to the case and endorse a date for a hearing or a directions appointment on the copies for service .

Who should allocate ?
who should [divide] ?

This lawyer should also allocate the cases .
this lawyer should also [divide] the cases .

One lawyer should allocate all one-off instructions , provided this is practical given the numbers involved .
one lawyer should [divide] all one-off instructions , provided this is practical given the numbers involved .

Though it stated its hope that planning authorities would allocate sufficient land , it warned that in some cases it might have to take the initiative and , if local authorities refused planning permission , go to appeal .
though it stated its hope that planning authorities would [divide] sufficient land , it warned that in some cases it might have to take the initiative and , if local authorities refused planning permission , go to appeal .

It might be argued , therefore , that if sufficient was known about people 's lives , it would be possible to allocate the population to one of four risk groups :
it might be argued , therefore , that if sufficient was known about people 's lives , it would be possible to [divide] the population to one of four risk groups :

It will allocate them in descending order from the highest priced bid to the lowest .
it will [divide] them in descending order from the highest priced bid to the lowest .

Furthermore , it may be difficult to allocate expenditure and income for the period .
furthermore , it may be difficult to [divide] expenditure and income for the period .

In the hours you allocate for work , sort out your priorities , reordering them when unforeseen circumstances arise .
in the hours you [divide] for work , sort out your priorities , reordering them when unforeseen circumstances arise .

Enabling you to allocate different joystick commands to the three coloured pedals , this nifty little piece of hardware will certainly add a good deal of realism to any driving games you may have in your collection ( except Hard Drivin' , of course , as even a steering wheel and gear shift could n't fuel-inject any realism into that ! ) .
enabling you to [divide] different joystick commands to the three coloured pedals , this nifty little piece of hardware will certainly add a good deal of realism to any driving games you may have in your collection ( except hard drivin' , of course , as even a steering wheel and gear shift could n't fuel-inject any realism into that ! ) .

It is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .
it is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to [divide] the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .

The Roman authorities intend to refurbish the Casina delle Civette at Villa Torlonia , which already has splendid Art Nouveau furnishings and stained glass , to house twentieth-century decorative arts , whilst the Ministry has decided to allocate the Villino Boncompagni , near Via Veneto , to the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna for a similar museum .
the roman authorities intend to refurbish the casina delle civette at villa torlonia , which already has splendid art nouveau furnishings and stained glass , to house twentieth-century decorative arts , whilst the ministry has decided to [divide] the villino boncompagni , near via veneto , to the galleria nazionale d'arte moderna for a similar museum .

700 million to buy and convert , a sum provided by the local and national government , who continue to allocate annual funds to cover its running costs ( Pta30 million and 25 million respectively per annum ; there are are currently nineteen staff ) .
700 million to buy and convert , a sum provided by the local and national government , who continue to [divide] annual funds to cover its running costs ( pta30 million and 25 million respectively per annum ; there are are currently nineteen staff ) .

That 's an immense chunk of grant to allocate early on but it allows you to budget carefully the meagre remains .
that 's an immense chunk of grant to [divide] early on but it allows you to budget carefully the meagre remains .

That 's why it 's impossible to be prescriptive about how you should allocate your own time — and that 's why it 's essential that you learn how best to manage your time for yourself .
that 's why it 's impossible to be prescriptive about how you should [divide] your own time — and that 's why it 's essential that you learn how best to manage your time for yourself .

With 40 minutes per question , you might decide to allocate your time roughly as follows :
with 40 minutes per question , you might decide to [divide] your time roughly as follows :

This could be done by charging on the basis of marginal supply cost for water ( if feasible ) and redistributing income , to allow people to allocate their income between water and other goods on the basis of market prices , or charging on a basis more related to income than to use ( e.g .
this could be done by charging on the basis of marginal supply cost for water ( if feasible ) and redistributing income , to allow people to [divide] their income between water and other goods on the basis of market prices , or charging on a basis more related to income than to use ( e.g .

In many ways , this type of semantic ’ parsing ’ had all the abilities of a syntactic parser , plus the ability to allocate case roles according to semantic information extracted from the lexicon ( e.g .
in many ways , this type of semantic ’ parsing ’ had all the abilities of a syntactic parser , plus the ability to [divide] case roles according to semantic information extracted from the lexicon ( e.g .

They may have the ability to decide how to allocate scarce resources , whether they are finances , promotions or new equipment .
they may have the ability to decide how to [divide] scarce resources , whether they are finances , promotions or new equipment .

It is such rights that allow managers to allocate work , control resources and provide the rights of access to various networks of information .
it is such rights that allow managers to [divide] work , control resources and provide the rights of access to various networks of information .

Allocate rooms .
[divide] rooms .

Luxury hotels may only allocate twenty per cent of their accommodation , whereas other hotels may regard this type of business as their main source of income and allocate eighty per cent or more of their accommodation and plan their services around this kind of market .
luxury hotels may only [divide] twenty per cent of their accommodation , whereas other hotels may regard this type of business as their main source of income and [divide] eighty per cent or more of their accommodation and plan their services around this kind of market .

Whatever the causes , the resultant disillusionment with employment leads to a reappraisal , a conscious or unconscious decision to allocate less energy to careers and to concentrate on comfort and relationship goals at work , and/or to satisfy the autonomy , recognition or power goals outside of employment .
whatever the causes , the resultant disillusionment with employment leads to a reappraisal , a conscious or unconscious decision to [divide] less energy to careers and to concentrate on comfort and relationship goals at work , and/or to satisfy the autonomy , recognition or power goals outside of employment .

The sort of jobs people do also affects the priorities they allocate to certain goals .
the sort of jobs people do also affects the priorities they [divide] to certain goals .

Contextual factors which increase the level of political activity are organization size , disagreement over goals or unclear goals , different perceptions of the options , different information about the same situation , the scarcity of resources and the need to allocate them , and major differences in the expectations and/or power bases of different individuals and groups .
contextual factors which increase the level of political activity are organization size , disagreement over goals or unclear goals , different perceptions of the options , different information about the same situation , the scarcity of resources and the need to [divide] them , and major differences in the expectations and/or power bases of different individuals and groups .

So the marketing director enters a coalition with the research director to pressure the boss to allocate more resources to product design .
so the marketing director enters a coalition with the research director to pressure the boss to [divide] more resources to product design .

The Development Manager will allocate the work to an appropriate member of the development team .
the development manager will [divide] the work to an appropriate member of the development team .

The commission 's decision to allocate £1 million of its budget for hospital and community health services to support developments in primary care illustrates the imaginative approach now being adopted by managers who have broken free of a mind set concentrating on acute hospital services and have started to use their resources to respond to need and not demand .
the commission 's decision to [divide] £1 million of its budget for hospital and community health services to support developments in primary care illustrates the imaginative approach now being adopted by managers who have broken free of a mind set concentrating on acute hospital services and have started to use their resources to respond to need and not demand .

’ While locality links are planned to aid general practitioners ' involvement a major thrust of this initiative is to allocate the district budget to individual practices on an indicative basis .
’ while locality links are planned to aid general practitioners ' involvement a major thrust of this initiative is to [divide] the district budget to individual practices on an indicative basis .

This is a challenging model , attempting to allocate 75 % of all district health authority expenditure on services rather than the 20–25 % currently given to practitioners through fundholding .
this is a challenging model , attempting to [divide] 75 % of all district health authority expenditure on services rather than the 20–25 % currently given to practitioners through fundholding .

It could be argued that inadequate finance and higher mortality rates among small firms is a reflection of the way market forces allocate scarce capital according to long-term growth potential .
it could be argued that inadequate finance and higher mortality rates among small firms is a reflection of the way market forces [divide] scarce capital according to long-term growth potential .

There is also evidence to show that by keeping interest rates artificially low in boom years , the state forced banks to allocate credit by rationing quantities and this favoured large borrowers .
there is also evidence to show that by keeping interest rates artificially low in boom years , the state forced banks to [divide] credit by rationing quantities and this favoured large borrowers .

The rationale of virtual-memory systems is that they can allocate memory on the basis of the actually observed demands for storage rather than on the potential , or worst case estimates , for the execution of a program .
the rationale of virtual-memory systems is that they can [divide] memory on the basis of the actually observed demands for storage rather than on the potential , or worst case estimates , for the execution of a program .

However , an attempt may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .
however , an attempt may be made to [divide] particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .

Once the school has formed the relationship many companies will be prepared to take on sponsorship or allocate funds .
once the school has formed the relationship many companies will be prepared to take on sponsorship or [divide] funds .

Larger employers will have a cycle of recruitment with targets set in advance , so they should find it comparatively easy to allocate a specific number of jobs to Compact .
larger employers will have a cycle of recruitment with targets set in advance , so they should find it comparatively easy to [divide] a specific number of jobs to compact .

The government has to tackle structural unemployment by proceeding with an extensive retraining programme and by helping to allocate resources which promote new industries in conjunction with the private sector .
the government has to tackle structural unemployment by proceeding with an extensive retraining programme and by helping to [divide] resources which promote new industries in conjunction with the private sector .

Housing in particular is hard to allocate : house construction is firmly linked to planning and land-use while housing management needs to co-Operate with the social services .
housing in particular is hard to [divide] : house construction is firmly linked to planning and land-use while housing management needs to co-operate with the social services .

As such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and administrative objectives of the centre at any particular time .
as such , the central government will [divide] responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and administrative objectives of the centre at any particular time .

All societies differentiate and , to a greater or lesser extent , allocate unequal rewards on the basis of age .
all societies differentiate and , to a greater or lesser extent , [divide] unequal rewards on the basis of age .

Together , these two concepts of ‘ closure ’ and ‘ reproduction ’ demand that we integrate our understanding of economic processes that allocate people to certain positions in a hierarchy with an understanding that such positions also depend on people 's perception of class , their sense of class culture , the culturally perceived ‘ pecking order ’ — the higher reaches of which are humorously caught by Les Dawson 's commentary that heads this chapter .
together , these two concepts of ‘ closure ’ and ‘ reproduction ’ demand that we integrate our understanding of economic processes that [divide] people to certain positions in a hierarchy with an understanding that such positions also depend on people 's perception of class , their sense of class culture , the culturally perceived ‘ pecking order ’ — the higher reaches of which are humorously caught by les dawson 's commentary that heads this chapter .

Also the Bank makes a general appraisal of the merits and priority of each proposal in order to allocate its funds effectively .
also the bank makes a general appraisal of the merits and priority of each proposal in order to [divide] its funds effectively .

Overall , these families frequently tend to be placed in the worst housing or on the worst estates , partly perhaps because of their inability to pay higher rents , and partly because local authorities have always been inclined to allocate poor people and slum dwellers to particular estates ( Gray , 1979 ) .
overall , these families frequently tend to be placed in the worst housing or on the worst estates , partly perhaps because of their inability to pay higher rents , and partly because local authorities have always been inclined to [divide] poor people and slum dwellers to particular estates ( gray , 1979 ) .

If a vehicle fails the test because it does not have a vehicle identification number , MoT testers will advise motorists to get in touch with the local Vehicle Registration Office , which can allocate a new number .
if a vehicle fails the test because it does not have a vehicle identification number , mot testers will advise motorists to get in touch with the local vehicle registration office , which can [divide] a new number .

The suggestion , which received widespread support , was that members on retiring or resigning from the Bank would allocate all or portion of the sum due to them to the Frank Holden Defence Fund .
the suggestion , which received widespread support , was that members on retiring or resigning from the bank would [divide] all or portion of the sum due to them to the frank holden defence fund .

Scoring systems designed to rate the severity of an illness are being used for comparison of hospital units to identify different standards of care and to allocate resources .
scoring systems designed to rate the severity of an illness are being used for comparison of hospital units to identify different standards of care and to [divide] resources .

In any case , others have doubted that this type of thinking would make worthwhile savings and have countered that ‘ … we should allocate resources according to the probability that a patient will benefit rather than his or her age ’ , and that ‘ physiology not age should determine care ’ .
in any case , others have doubted that this type of thinking would make worthwhile savings and have countered that ‘ … we should [divide] resources according to the probability that a patient will benefit rather than his or her age ’ , and that ‘ physiology not age should determine care ’ .

Another method is to allocate the total costs over the two years on the basis of work invoiced .
another method is to [divide] the total costs over the two years on the basis of work invoiced .

At a United Nations sponsored meeting in Amsterdam in 1989 the international community agreed that industrialised countries should allocate 4 % of overall foreign aid to population programmes , but in 1991 the average amount given for population assistance was only slightly more than 1 % .
at a united nations sponsored meeting in amsterdam in 1989 the international community agreed that industrialised countries should [divide] 4 % of overall foreign aid to population programmes , but in 1991 the average amount given for population assistance was only slightly more than 1 % .

Looking around , Ashenden noted yet again the readily observable fact that ( doubtless like animals ) tourists from very early on staked out their territories : find them sitting at one particular table for dinner and almost invariably , for breakfast next morning , you would find them sitting at the very same table ; allocate them to particular seats in a coach on the first part of a journey , and as if by some proprietorial right the passengers would thereafter usually veer towards those selfsame seats .
looking around , ashenden noted yet again the readily observable fact that ( doubtless like animals ) tourists from very early on staked out their territories : find them sitting at one particular table for dinner and almost invariably , for breakfast next morning , you would find them sitting at the very same table ; [divide] them to particular seats in a coach on the first part of a journey , and as if by some proprietorial right the passengers would thereafter usually veer towards those selfsame seats .

It is therefore the responsibility of the offline manager to allocate particular units for particular purposes although it is the software that actually assigns the devices .
it is therefore the responsibility of the offline manager to [divide] particular units for particular purposes although it is the software that actually assigns the devices .

The Hard Copy Manager may edit the configuration file to allocate more room in the hard copy directory , or to reduce the minimum fill mark of the volumes , or the manager may reduce the number of charge codes for which the run is being made ; the manager may make both adjustments if necessary .
the hard copy manager may edit the configuration file to [divide] more room in the hard copy directory , or to reduce the minimum fill mark of the volumes , or the manager may reduce the number of charge codes for which the run is being made ; the manager may make both adjustments if necessary .

This index enables you to allocate and change charge codes and their associated storage directories .
this index enables you to [divide] and change charge codes and their associated storage directories .

If you are using DECservers , you should allocate a physical port for offline to use .
if you are using decservers , you should [divide] a physical port for offline to use .

Beginning in 1991 , the government was authorized to allocate up to $ 500 million a year until the total liability of approximately $ 1,250 million was paid in compensation for losses incurred in the forced relocation of some 120,000 Japanese-Americans in camps throughout the American west .
beginning in 1991 , the government was authorized to [divide] up to $ 500 million a year until the total liability of approximately $ 1,250 million was paid in compensation for losses incurred in the forced relocation of some 120,000 japanese-americans in camps throughout the american west .

It is up to the Vendors to allocate the risks amongst themselves via a separate Deed of Contribution .
it is up to the vendors to [divide] the risks amongst themselves via a separate deed of contribution .

The Education Reform Act 1988 introduced a new system by which Local Education Authorities ( LEAs ) allocate budgets to schools , called formula funding .
the education reform act 1988 introduced a new system by which local education authorities ( leas ) [divide] budgets to schools , called formula funding .

They have to plan ahead , allocate scarce time , decide between difficult alternatives and ‘ contrive ’ , with limited resources , if they are to keep their households going .
they have to plan ahead , [divide] scarce time , decide between difficult alternatives and ‘ contrive ’ , with limited resources , if they are to keep their households going .

This command tells it to set up a storage area called Employees and to allocate space for Employee Number , Name , Department and any other items specified .
this command tells it to set up a storage area called employees and to [divide] space for employee number , name , department and any other items specified .

‘ For an in-house lawyer , the ability to allocate priorities effectively is essential . ’
‘ for an in-house lawyer , the ability to [divide] priorities effectively is essential . ’

One is to allocate a particular colour to a number of contiguous levels in the image so that , for example , the levels 0–32 might be displayed in dark blue , 33–67 in dark green , 68–87 in cyan , and so on .
one is to [divide] a particular colour to a number of contiguous levels in the image so that , for example , the levels 0–32 might be displayed in dark blue , 33–67 in dark green , 68–87 in cyan , and so on .

Most project managers , like most other managers , will offer an estimate of how much of their time is discretionary and how they allocate it .
most project managers , like most other managers , will offer an estimate of how much of their time is discretionary and how they [divide] it .

Are markets a good way to allocate scarce resources ?
are markets a good way to [divide] scarce resources ?

Perfectly competitive free market equilibrium will then allocate resources efficiently .
perfectly competitive free market equilibrium will then [divide] resources efficiently .

Conversely , the more the government feels able to tolerate the income distribution thrown up in a free market economy , the more the government can resist distortionary taxation and allow competitive free markets to allocate resources as efficiently as possible .
conversely , the more the government feels able to tolerate the income distribution thrown up in a free market economy , the more the government can resist distortionary taxation and allow competitive free markets to [divide] resources as efficiently as possible .

Given that there is an unavoidable tax on meals , do we allocate resources more efficiently by ensuring that at least there are no distortions in the film industry ?
given that there is an unavoidable tax on meals , do we [divide] resources more efficiently by ensuring that at least there are no distortions in the film industry ?

As with externalities , we can not expect markets to allocate resources efficiently if the markets do not exist in the first place .
as with externalities , we can not expect markets to [divide] resources efficiently if the markets do not exist in the first place .

In Chapter 15 we set out the basic case for allowing free markets to allocate resources .
in chapter 15 we set out the basic case for allowing free markets to [divide] resources .

Rather than continually allocate and reallocate memory as different words are processed , an array is used rather than a dynamic list for storing the information .
rather than continually [divide] and reallocate memory as different words are processed , an array is used rather than a dynamic list for storing the information .

Work units allocate accommodation , so your dorm mates are likely to be the people you work with all day .
work units [divide] accommodation , so your dorm mates are likely to be the people you work with all day .

This means that the test itself , regardless of its content is capable of acting as a filter , which is exactly what society wants , to allocate educational resources on an apparently fair and scientific basis .
this means that the test itself , regardless of its content is capable of acting as a filter , which is exactly what society wants , to [divide] educational resources on an apparently fair and scientific basis .

For countries which have ratified the Convention can be held to task if they refuse to allocate resources to deal with these issues domestically .
for countries which have ratified the convention can be held to task if they refuse to [divide] resources to deal with these issues domestically .

The commitment to ring fence for as long as necessary , as Baroness Hooper said in another place , will allow the Secretary of State arbitrarily to decide that , if he wishes to allocate the funds to some other project , he could deem the necessity to have ceased .
the commitment to ring fence for as long as necessary , as baroness hooper said in another place , will allow the secretary of state arbitrarily to decide that , if he wishes to [divide] the funds to some other project , he could deem the necessity to have ceased .

That of course assumes that everything spent on transport in England is a national cost and that the policing of London is a national cost , but we say that once we settle down and allocate the nature of expenditure as between the two countries , disallowing the cost of running the southern region of the railways as a United Kingdom expense , it is perfectly clear , as the Scottish newspapers have often demonstrated under the heading ’ Scotching the Myth ’ — Scottish Television has demonstrated the same in a programme of the same name — that there is no question of Scotland being subsidised in the way that the hon. Gentleman suggests .
that of course assumes that everything spent on transport in england is a national cost and that the policing of london is a national cost , but we say that once we settle down and [divide] the nature of expenditure as between the two countries , disallowing the cost of running the southern region of the railways as a united kingdom expense , it is perfectly clear , as the scottish newspapers have often demonstrated under the heading ’ scotching the myth ’ — scottish television has demonstrated the same in a programme of the same name — that there is no question of scotland being subsidised in the way that the hon. gentleman suggests .

How many of our diplomatic officers in Brazil are concerned with the environment ? Have they noticed the recent decision of the federal Government of Brazil to allocate 94,000 sq kilometres of tropical rain forest as a preserve for the Yanomami Indians ?
how many of our diplomatic officers in brazil are concerned with the environment ? have they noticed the recent decision of the federal government of brazil to [divide] 94,000 sq kilometres of tropical rain forest as a preserve for the yanomami indians ?

Does the hon. Gentleman agree that , given the higher participation rate in Scotland and the importance of the four-year degree there , it would be right to allocate proportionately more resources to the Scottish Higher Education Funding Council ? If he does agree , how much more does he propose to allocate ?
does the hon. gentleman agree that , given the higher participation rate in scotland and the importance of the four-year degree there , it would be right to [divide] proportionately more resources to the scottish higher education funding council ? if he does agree , how much more does he propose to [divide] ?

All relevant factors are taken into account by the funding councils when they decide how to allocate resources .
all relevant factors are taken into account by the funding councils when they decide how to [divide] resources .

It is for local authorities to allocate their priorities .
it is for local authorities to [divide] their priorities .

The geographical spread will be very much a question of how the highland and lowland TAVRAs — the Territorial Army volunteer reserve associations — decide to allocate their resources .
the geographical spread will be very much a question of how the highland and lowland tavras — the territorial army volunteer reserve associations — decide to [divide] their resources .

How will a local authority allocate rebates ?
how will a local authority [divide] rebates ?

Gentleman already had to allocate more than £10 million to offset part of the cost of implementing the council tax in Wales .
gentleman already had to [divide] more than £10 million to offset part of the cost of implementing the council tax in wales .

The right hon. Gentleman will recall that , when his predecessor introduced the Immigration Act 1987 , he talked about providing a better customer service from Lunar house in Croydon . Does he not share part of the responsibility for the Government 's failure to allocate more resources to deal with asylum applications at least four year ago when the problem first arose ? Does he accept that what he has announced is not sufficient to deal with the applications from asylum seekers , let alone with other immigration applications which are bottling up Lunar house ?
the right hon. gentleman will recall that , when his predecessor introduced the immigration act 1987 , he talked about providing a better customer service from lunar house in croydon . does he not share part of the responsibility for the government 's failure to [divide] more resources to deal with asylum applications at least four year ago when the problem first arose ? does he accept that what he has announced is not sufficient to deal with the applications from asylum seekers , let alone with other immigration applications which are bottling up lunar house ?

Within the national funding framework , it is for each local education authority to set its own education budget , and to decide how to allocate it between the various elements of the service , including discretionary awards .
within the national funding framework , it is for each local education authority to set its own education budget , and to decide how to [divide] it between the various elements of the service , including discretionary awards .

If , say , only 100,000 out of the 200,000 gallons had deteriorated , it would have been difficult to allocate the loss as between seller and buyer .
if , say , only 100,000 out of the 200,000 gallons had deteriorated , it would have been difficult to [divide] the loss as between seller and buyer .

Perfect competition , a market structure in which there are so many buyers and sellers that no one of them individually can affect price , provides the theoretical conditions under which the market will allocate resources optimally .
perfect competition , a market structure in which there are so many buyers and sellers that no one of them individually can affect price , provides the theoretical conditions under which the market will [divide] resources optimally .

Markets fail to allocate or coordinate efficiently when competition is not perfect because there are few enough sellers or buyers , or both , to affect price by the amount they trade .
markets fail to [divide] or coordinate efficiently when competition is not perfect because there are few enough sellers or buyers , or both , to affect price by the amount they trade .

One solution is to allocate property rights over the resources , so that the cost of the individual 's use of them falls only on the individual .
one solution is to [divide] property rights over the resources , so that the cost of the individual 's use of them falls only on the individual .

[ … ] Markets need to be competitive if they are to allocate resources efficiently .
[ … ] markets need to be competitive if they are to [divide] resources efficiently .

The concept of government failure mirrors that of market failure and encompasses a number of reasons why government is also unlikely to allocate resources with maximum social efficiency or sometimes to achieve the objective of equitable distribution sought from specific policies .
the concept of government failure mirrors that of market failure and encompasses a number of reasons why government is also unlikely to [divide] resources with maximum social efficiency or sometimes to achieve the objective of equitable distribution sought from specific policies .

If markets fail to allocate resources efficiently because of the existence of externalities , then the first prerequisite for efficient government intervention is making good the market 's informational failures .
if markets fail to [divide] resources efficiently because of the existence of externalities , then the first prerequisite for efficient government intervention is making good the market 's informational failures .

start from a distribution of income by ranges , and then allocate taxes and expenditures to these ranges .
start from a distribution of income by ranges , and then [divide] taxes and expenditures to these ranges .

Having decided on the incidence assumptions , the procedure adopted is to select an indicator of the effective tax liability or benefit , which is then used to allocate taxes and expenditure .
having decided on the incidence assumptions , the procedure adopted is to select an indicator of the effective tax liability or benefit , which is then used to [divide] taxes and expenditure .

To begin with , it was suggested , they should allocate a quarter of their places to this scheme , but eventually all their places should be open to pupils with state grants .
to begin with , it was suggested , they should [divide] a quarter of their places to this scheme , but eventually all their places should be open to pupils with state grants .

This allowed the government to allocate sums of money to LEAs for particular educational purposes , thus reducing the local authorities ' control over how the block grant was spent .
this allowed the government to [divide] sums of money to leas for particular educational purposes , thus reducing the local authorities ' control over how the block grant was spent .

In 1695 and 1708 Parliament , stung to action by the clamours of the London merchants , passed legislation which compelled the Admiralty to allocate specified numbers of ships to the task of protecting commerce ; an unsuccessful Bill for the same purpose was introduced in 1742 .
in 1695 and 1708 parliament , stung to action by the clamours of the london merchants , passed legislation which compelled the admiralty to [divide] specified numbers of ships to the task of protecting commerce ; an unsuccessful bill for the same purpose was introduced in 1742 .

We propose therefore that in groups of 6 the participants will discuss these requests and allocate funds to them .
we propose therefore that in groups of 6 the participants will discuss these requests and [divide] funds to them .

To allocate and prioritise the work of the section .
to [divide] and prioritise the work of the section .

Vacant the inside of the Pumping Station and hand over to the Engineer the righ to allocate access periods during hte Mechanical/Electrical installation ( Note : — In all other respects the Main Contractor still retains responsiblity )
vacant the inside of the pumping station and hand over to the engineer the righ to [divide] access periods during hte mechanical/electrical installation ( note : — in all other respects the main contractor still retains responsiblity )

According to a media law approved in August 1990 [ see p. 37624 ] the government had been obliged to allocate television frequencies by Aug. 23 , 1992 , in order to regulate the chaos which prevailed as large numbers of national and local television stations crowded the airwaves .
according to a media law approved in august 1990 [ see p. 37624 ] the government had been obliged to [divide] television frequencies by aug. 23 , 1992 , in order to regulate the chaos which prevailed as large numbers of national and local television stations crowded the airwaves .

Yugoslavia was without a federal budget until June 1991 , because Croatia and Slovenia could not agree on what percentage of the budget to allocate to the military , or on what contributions they should each make to the federal budget .
yugoslavia was without a federal budget until june 1991 , because croatia and slovenia could not agree on what percentage of the budget to [divide] to the military , or on what contributions they should each make to the federal budget .

In Karnataka at least 16 people , mostly Tamils , were reported killed in violent incidents on Dec. 11-13 after the Cauvary [ River ] Water Dispute Tribunal ordered the state to allocate a significant amount of water annually to Tamil Nadu .
in karnataka at least 16 people , mostly tamils , were reported killed in violent incidents on dec. 11-13 after the cauvary [ river ] water dispute tribunal ordered the state to [divide] a significant amount of water annually to tamil nadu .

According to Mustafa Dzhemilev , leader of the Crimean Tatars ' Majlis , 600 members of the local militia on Oct. 1 forced their way into the Krasnyy Ray settlement near Alushta ( where returning Tatars had started work independently on the construction of a camp after waiting in vain for local authorities to allocate land for the purpose ) , injuring several residents and arresting 26 .
according to mustafa dzhemilev , leader of the crimean tatars ' majlis , 600 members of the local militia on oct. 1 forced their way into the krasnyy ray settlement near alushta ( where returning tatars had started work independently on the construction of a camp after waiting in vain for local authorities to [divide] land for the purpose ) , injuring several residents and arresting 26 .

Reports in Washington suggested that the Gulf states had so far refused to allocate any money to Jordan because of its apparent support for Iraq [ see also p. 38024 ] .
reports in washington suggested that the gulf states had so far refused to [divide] any money to jordan because of its apparent support for iraq [ see also p. 38024 ] .

Establishing the effectiveness and outcomes of health care in order to allocate resources more rationally has become a key policy issue in many countries .
establishing the effectiveness and outcomes of health care in order to [divide] resources more rationally has become a key policy issue in many countries .

There would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .
there would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to [divide] part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .

The solution is to divide the entire maturity spectrum into grid dates ( denoted ) and to allocate coupon payments between two grid dates in a way that preserves either the present value of the bond 's cash flows or the duration of the bond ( duration is defined in the next section ) .
the solution is to divide the entire maturity spectrum into grid dates ( denoted ) and to [divide] coupon payments between two grid dates in a way that preserves either the present value of the bond 's cash flows or the duration of the bond ( duration is defined in the next section ) .

Then allocate ‘ free periods ’ when meals can be eaten exactly as you wish , for example over Christmas you could have one ‘ free ’ meal each day for three or four days .
then [divide] ‘ free periods ’ when meals can be eaten exactly as you wish , for example over christmas you could have one ‘ free ’ meal each day for three or four days .

It is part of the government 's job , on this view , to allocate property rights in an efficiency-promoting way .
it is part of the government 's job , on this view , to [divide] property rights in an efficiency-promoting way .

For example , consumers have long railed against the way insurance companies are permitted to fix prices , allocate territories and to tie the provision of one service to the purchase of another .
for example , consumers have long railed against the way insurance companies are permitted to fix prices , [divide] territories and to tie the provision of one service to the purchase of another .

Domestic loans a year ago accounted for only 35 % of life-assurance companies ' ¥116 trillion in assets ; they expect to allocate up to 60 % in the present financial year .
domestic loans a year ago accounted for only 35 % of life-assurance companies ' ¥116 trillion in assets ; they expect to [divide] up to 60 % in the present financial year .

Like all large corporations , the big record companies and the major artists allocate a percentage of profits to charity and good causes .
like all large corporations , the big record companies and the major artists [divide] a percentage of profits to charity and good causes .

Ms Judy Weleminsky , director of the fellowship , said the Government should allocate the sum over the next four years to prevent patients — many suffering from schizophrenia — being discharged without proper supervision .
ms judy weleminsky , director of the fellowship , said the government should [divide] the sum over the next four years to prevent patients — many suffering from schizophrenia — being discharged without proper supervision .

When you or your travel agent asks for your holiday booking to be confirmed , we allocate your chosen holiday to you and give confirmation of the booking at that moment .
when you or your travel agent asks for your holiday booking to be confirmed , we [divide] your chosen holiday to you and give confirmation of the booking at that moment .

Holiday brochures go to press before flying programmes are finalised and well in advance of the international scheduling committee meetings which allocate ‘ slots ’ to airlines .
holiday brochures go to press before flying programmes are finalised and well in advance of the international scheduling committee meetings which [divide] ‘ slots ’ to airlines .

As Struhsaker ( 1969 ) pointed out , uncertainties and irregularities in attempts to allocate primate species to socio-ecological grades may be attributed to phylogenetic heritage .
as struhsaker ( 1969 ) pointed out , uncertainties and irregularities in attempts to [divide] primate species to socio-ecological grades may be attributed to phylogenetic heritage .

We will continue to extend City Challenge and allocate a greater proportion of resources by competitive bidding .
we will continue to extend city challenge and [divide] a greater proportion of resources by competitive bidding .

The model used to allocate traffic between competing services is , however , very sensitive to relative prices , so , one would expect increases in Eurotunnel 's costs to give rise to a lower market share and hence to lower revenues .
the model used to [divide] traffic between competing services is , however , very sensitive to relative prices , so , one would expect increases in eurotunnel 's costs to give rise to a lower market share and hence to lower revenues .

The Government says it will use the new system to allocate resources to those councils with the worst housing problems .
the government says it will use the new system to [divide] resources to those councils with the worst housing problems .

The situation will only improve if first , recipient governments are able to allocate a higher proportion of the time of capable civil servants to the allocation of in-coming aid ; second , if donor governments and agencies dovetail their country lending programmes more closely with the medium-term budgetary plans of the recipient countries ; and third , if recipient governments are more careful in interpreting the priorities of their own small farmers and other small-scale producers .
the situation will only improve if first , recipient governments are able to [divide] a higher proportion of the time of capable civil servants to the allocation of in-coming aid ; second , if donor governments and agencies dovetail their country lending programmes more closely with the medium-term budgetary plans of the recipient countries ; and third , if recipient governments are more careful in interpreting the priorities of their own small farmers and other small-scale producers .

She has also proved more willing to allocate political honours to party workers than was Mr Heath who had been particularly niggardly in this regard .
she has also proved more willing to [divide] political honours to party workers than was mr heath who had been particularly niggardly in this regard .

Section 2 will consider the methods that have been used to allocate scarce foreign exchange and their effects on export performance .
section 2 will consider the methods that have been used to [divide] scarce foreign exchange and their effects on export performance .

‘ The reason was that in re-structuring the press office , party chiefs had simply forgotten to allocate any special responsibility for Northern Ireland to any of its press officers .
‘ the reason was that in re-structuring the press office , party chiefs had simply forgotten to [divide] any special responsibility for northern ireland to any of its press officers .

But plenty of people thought it the height of irresponsibility to allocate £11 million to having a fling .
but plenty of people thought it the height of irresponsibility to [divide] £11 million to having a fling .

In many societies it is the older males , including the ‘ head of household ’ who allocate labour , control access of young men to women for marriage , and make other major decisions .
in many societies it is the older males , including the ‘ head of household ’ who [divide] labour , control access of young men to women for marriage , and make other major decisions .

Most significant of these is the creation of a new Radio Authority of Independent Radio Services , which will be able to allocate three new national radio licences by competitive tender .
most significant of these is the creation of a new radio authority of independent radio services , which will be able to [divide] three new national radio licences by competitive tender .

In order to maintain a proper balance in your life , you must be prepared to allocate some time to yourself each day .
in order to maintain a proper balance in your life , you must be prepared to [divide] some time to yourself each day .

Within our group of 19 authorities who spent over £5,000 , only one did not formally allocate a specific amount of money for training , and that one authority was still able to be very specific about the amount estimated for 1984/5 ( £6,000 ) , though not formally budgeted .
within our group of 19 authorities who spent over £5,000 , only one did not formally [divide] a specific amount of money for training , and that one authority was still able to be very specific about the amount estimated for 1984/5 ( £6,000 ) , though not formally budgeted .

None of the libraries in this group had a staff establishment higher than 130 , so it appears to be the smaller authorities in particular who found it difficult to allocate more than largely nominal responsibility .
none of the libraries in this group had a staff establishment higher than 130 , so it appears to be the smaller authorities in particular who found it difficult to [divide] more than largely nominal responsibility .

‘ the social workers wo n't allocate the case because they 're short staffed — and they expect me to get Winnie moved .
‘ the social workers wo n't [divide] the case because they 're short staffed — and they expect me to get winnie moved .

The most effective means of doing this would be through the introduction of a comprehensive disability income scheme , which would allocate benefits according to the needs created by disability and would not discriminate on the basis of old age .
the most effective means of doing this would be through the introduction of a comprehensive disability income scheme , which would [divide] benefits according to the needs created by disability and would not discriminate on the basis of old age .

As suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . Amongst criteria commonly used are :
as suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities [divide] at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . amongst criteria commonly used are :

Most public libraries allocate separately for fiction and for music .
most public libraries [divide] separately for fiction and for music .

The recent survey Trends in public library selection policies shows that about 20 % of public libraries do not even allocate to categories such as adult fiction , or children 's books , and very few record stock revision separately .
the recent survey trends in public library selection policies shows that about 20 % of public libraries do not even [divide] to categories such as adult fiction , or children 's books , and very few record stock revision separately .

There is no need to allocate a copy of a book to a service point which happens to receive one or two reservations for it .
there is no need to [divide] a copy of a book to a service point which happens to receive one or two reservations for it .

How these people choose to allocate their support will ultimately determine the future of both movements .
how these people choose to [divide] their support will ultimately determine the future of both movements .

In this situation , where the fundamental requirement is to allocate available finance on an equitable basis to Colleges , it is unlikely that the system can achieve equilibrium .
in this situation , where the fundamental requirement is to [divide] available finance on an equitable basis to colleges , it is unlikely that the system can achieve equilibrium .

Allocate Resources
[divide] resources

One partial solution to the problem of accounting for intra-regional cross-boundary flows would be to allocate resources to authorities taking no account of the cross-boundary flows and to leave them to take the responsibility of paying for their own residents treated elsewhere … there would be far more flexibility for the Area planners to arrange health care for their population .
one partial solution to the problem of accounting for intra-regional cross-boundary flows would be to [divide] resources to authorities taking no account of the cross-boundary flows and to leave them to take the responsibility of paying for their own residents treated elsewhere … there would be far more flexibility for the area planners to arrange health care for their population .

One solution would be for the district to allocate the resources to the locality for it to secure the services required .
one solution would be for the district to [divide] the resources to the locality for it to secure the services required .

Now we have the prospect of organisations which must establish objectives , identify priorities within those objectives , allocate resources and then monitor expenditure against and the achievement of those priorities and objectives .
now we have the prospect of organisations which must establish objectives , identify priorities within those objectives , [divide] resources and then monitor expenditure against and the achievement of those priorities and objectives .

In short , a Conservative Government in the 1990s would emphasise market mechanisms to allocate resources to need , would encourage competition in order to offer consumers more choice and quality .
in short , a conservative government in the 1990s would emphasise market mechanisms to [divide] resources to need , would encourage competition in order to offer consumers more choice and quality .

It will be necessary to decide on the amount of resource to be invested in management development , and what mechanism should be used to allocate these resources .
it will be necessary to decide on the amount of resource to be invested in management development , and what mechanism should be used to [divide] these resources .

Here are three examples of different planned programmes spread over twelve weeks , based on the assumption that ( i ) the school has agreed to allocate a basic six hours per term to music and ( ii ) the school spends a proportion of its time on an integrated project .
here are three examples of different planned programmes spread over twelve weeks , based on the assumption that ( i ) the school has agreed to [divide] a basic six hours per term to music and ( ii ) the school spends a proportion of its time on an integrated project .

allocate , and advertise , a time limit for each item on the agenda .
[divide] , and advertise , a time limit for each item on the agenda .

Allocate a specific time each day as your ‘ worry time ’ .
[divide] a specific time each day as your ‘ worry time ’ .

It is because they make the decisions that they are often under sharp pressure both from those above them in the hierarchy who allocate resources and from those with whom they deal who want to receive them .
it is because they make the decisions that they are often under sharp pressure both from those above them in the hierarchy who [divide] resources and from those with whom they deal who want to receive them .

This directed attention towards the activities and values of key officials — the ‘ urban managers ’ — who , through their positions in influential institutions such as local authorities , building societies , estate agents and the like , could allocate scarce urban resources and thus influence service provision locally .
this directed attention towards the activities and values of key officials — the ‘ urban managers ’ — who , through their positions in influential institutions such as local authorities , building societies , estate agents and the like , could [divide] scarce urban resources and thus influence service provision locally .

Who decides how to distribute or allocate these resources ?
who decides how to distribute or [divide] these resources ?

Allocate responsibilities for detailed planning .
[divide] responsibilities for detailed planning .

Allocate responsibilities for monitoring .
[divide] responsibilities for monitoring .

design jobs and allocate duties such that teachers ' skills are better matched to the demands on them ;
design jobs and [divide] duties such that teachers ' skills are better matched to the demands on them ;

‘ Allocate 1 per cent of the budget to governor training and support would improve/worsen performance .
‘ [divide] 1 per cent of the budget to governor training and support would improve/worsen performance .

This allowed a rating to allocate a proportion of his pay each month to be sent direct to his family .
this allowed a rating to [divide] a proportion of his pay each month to be sent direct to his family .

It is in these areas that the cooperation with local elected officials is closest , for they must take part in deciding what facilities are to be built to receive the workers and their families and how to finance them , then take charge of the running of the collective facilities , decide how to allocate the proceeds of the business tax , and so on .
it is in these areas that the cooperation with local elected officials is closest , for they must take part in deciding what facilities are to be built to receive the workers and their families and how to finance them , then take charge of the running of the collective facilities , decide how to [divide] the proceeds of the business tax , and so on .

Eberhard Boning , for example , would like to see smaller universities , that can differentiate between the teaching and research roles and can allocate teaching loads accordingly .
eberhard boning , for example , would like to see smaller universities , that can differentiate between the teaching and research roles and can [divide] teaching loads accordingly .

This is covered by David Robinson in Chapter 7 and it is only necessary here to emphasise the need for some of the partners ( and to a lesser extent senior managers ) to allocate time to financial control and administration .
this is covered by david robinson in chapter 7 and it is only necessary here to emphasise the need for some of the partners ( and to a lesser extent senior managers ) to [divide] time to financial control and administration .

The usual approach to discussion on the role of armaments in modern Marxist literature has been to allocate a third department of production specifically for such production .
the usual approach to discussion on the role of armaments in modern marxist literature has been to [divide] a third department of production specifically for such production .

Awards in the Sciences , Social Sciences and Medicine are , for the most part , made by the research councils listed below which , on early application , may allocate a quota of awards to individual university subjects or departments .
awards in the sciences , social sciences and medicine are , for the most part , made by the research councils listed below which , on early application , may [divide] a quota of awards to individual university subjects or departments .

The senior nurse may also allocate time for individual teaching of learners , or for group tutorial sessions .
the senior nurse may also [divide] time for individual teaching of learners , or for group tutorial sessions .

Manpower constraints , often found in industry , make it impracticable to allocate a single person to using online services .
manpower constraints , often found in industry , make it impracticable to [divide] a single person to using online services .

If resources are held at one set of locations and the demands are at another and the costs of transportation are known , how do we allocate the resources most efficiently ?
if resources are held at one set of locations and the demands are at another and the costs of transportation are known , how do we [divide] the resources most efficiently ?

Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about ( 1 ) which products to make in each plant and ( 2 ) how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product.6 This analysis can help manufacturers allocate production among existing facilities .
here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about ( 1 ) which products to make in each plant and ( 2 ) how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product.6 this analysis can help manufacturers [divide] production among existing facilities .

Finally , to allocate production appropriately , managers need to know the inventory carrying cost for carrying work-in-process and finished goods inventory .
finally , to [divide] production appropriately , managers need to know the inventory carrying cost for carrying work-in-process and finished goods inventory .

Finally , suppliers must be capable of using this data to allocate production capacity between short-cycle ( modular ) and standard ( progressive bundle system ) production lines .
finally , suppliers must be capable of using this data to [divide] production capacity between short-cycle ( modular ) and standard ( progressive bundle system ) production lines .

At the same time , it requires an ability to use incoming information on sales in a sophisticated manner to allocate production in this way .
at the same time , it requires an ability to use incoming information on sales in a sophisticated manner to [divide] production in this way .

If all goes well , retailers allocate space to different goods efficiently , responding to shifts in consumer tastes ( stocking the hits and discontinuing flops ) ; setting pricing policies ( markups and markdowns ) to deal with both the direct cost of goods and the nature of consumer demand ; and controlling inventory to reduce exposure to risk .
if all goes well , retailers [divide] space to different goods efficiently , responding to shifts in consumer tastes ( stocking the hits and discontinuing flops ) ; setting pricing policies ( markups and markdowns ) to deal with both the direct cost of goods and the nature of consumer demand ; and controlling inventory to reduce exposure to risk .

They would then apply rules of thumb to allocate volume across styles and sizes .
they would then apply rules of thumb to [divide] volume across styles and sizes .

The act proposes to create an administrative framework under the Department of Community Affairs to contract with a statewide not-for- profit group to allocate funds to nonprofit legal organizations .
the act proposes to create an administrative framework under the department of community affairs to contract with a statewide not-for- profit group to [divide] funds to nonprofit legal organizations .

The Council would allocate $ 4 million to Neighborhood Legal Services , which is based in Harlem , and $ 1.8 million to the Office of the Appellate Defender , which handles appeals for indigent criminal defendants in the Department .
the council would [divide] $ 4 million to neighborhood legal services , which is based in harlem , and $ 1.8 million to the office of the appellate defender , which handles appeals for indigent criminal defendants in the department .

The study will allocate resources to promote adherence to the treatment protocol and monitor treatment fidelity .
the study will [divide] resources to promote adherence to the treatment protocol and monitor treatment fidelity .

For instance , the President 's proposal permits the Secretary to allocate funds as he sees fit , without regard to the original purpose of the appropriations .
for instance , the president 's proposal permits the secretary to [divide] funds as he sees fit , without regard to the original purpose of the appropriations .

Information and Communications : Using and Sharing Knowledge to Manage Improper Payments Top-level agency officials , program managers , and others responsible for managing and controlling program operations need relevant , reliable , and timely financial and nonfinancial information to make operating decisions , monitor performance , and allocate resources .
information and communications : using and sharing knowledge to manage improper payments top-level agency officials , program managers , and others responsible for managing and controlling program operations need relevant , reliable , and timely financial and nonfinancial information to make operating decisions , monitor performance , and [divide] resources .

As such , it helps identify the areas most in need of corrective action and helps form a basis for determining how to allocate resources , human and monetary , to the problem areas .
as such , it helps identify the areas most in need of corrective action and helps form a basis for determining how to [divide] resources , human and monetary , to the problem areas .

This system is used by the Congress and the Executive Branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .
this system is used by the congress and the executive branch to set priorities , to [divide] resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .

It is difficult to prioritize and allocate limited budgets among needed requirements when acquisition programs ' cost and schedule are always in question .
it is difficult to prioritize and [divide] limited budgets among needed requirements when acquisition programs ' cost and schedule are always in question .

The benefits of the new rule include more wellinformed investors who may invest more of their resources and allocate their investments carefully , which in turn would tend to promote competition among the funds .
the benefits of the new rule include more wellinformed investors who may invest more of their resources and [divide] their investments carefully , which in turn would tend to promote competition among the funds .

It is required to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .
it is required to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and [divide] resources .

The state legislature also uses this information to allocate future funding .
the state legislature also uses this information to [divide] future funding .

Absent such a threat , `` the Government may allocate .
absent such a threat , `` the government may [divide] .

The Administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the Administrator is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent State or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .
the administrator will [divide] to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the administrator is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent state or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .

The Administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .
the administrator is not required to [divide] allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .

Pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the Administrator shall allocate allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or December 31 , 1999 .
pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the administrator shall [divide] allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or december 31 , 1999 .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances for the original and substitute affected units in accordance with the approved substitution proposal pursuant to section 412 .
the administrator shall [divide] allowances for the original and substitute affected units in accordance with the approved substitution proposal pursuant to section 412 .

If a substitution proposal is disapproved , the Administrator shall allocate allowances to the original affected unit or units in accordance with subsection ( a ) .
if a substitution proposal is disapproved , the administrator shall [divide] allowances to the original affected unit or units in accordance with subsection ( a ) .

In addition , for calendar year 1995 , the Administrator shall allocate to each eligible Phase I extension unit , from the allowance reserve created pursuant to subsection ( a ) ( 2 ) , allowances equal to the difference between the lesser of the average annual emissions in calendar years 1988 and 1989 or its projected emissions tonnage for calendar year 1995 and the product of the unit 's baseline multiplied by an emission rate of 2.50 lbs/mmBtu , divided by 2,000 .
in addition , for calendar year 1995 , the administrator shall [divide] to each eligible phase i extension unit , from the allowance reserve created pursuant to subsection ( a ) ( 2 ) , allowances equal to the difference between the lesser of the average annual emissions in calendar years 1988 and 1989 or its projected emissions tonnage for calendar year 1995 and the product of the unit 's baseline multiplied by an emission rate of 2.50 lbs/mmbtu , divided by 2,000 .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances for a unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 414 ( but is not also an affected unit under this section ) and part of a utility system that includes 1 or more affected units under section 414 for reductions in the emissions of sulfur dioxide made during the period 1995-1999 if the unit meets the requirements of this subsection and the requirements of the preceding sentence , except that for the purposes of applying this subsection to any such unit , the prior year concerned as specified below , shall be any year after January 1 , 1995 but prior to January 1 , 2000 .
the administrator shall [divide] allowances for a unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 414 ( but is not also an affected unit under this section ) and part of a utility system that includes 1 or more affected units under section 414 for reductions in the emissions of sulfur dioxide made during the period 1995-1999 if the unit meets the requirements of this subsection and the requirements of the preceding sentence , except that for the purposes of applying this subsection to any such unit , the prior year concerned as specified below , shall be any year after january 1 , 1995 but prior to january 1 , 2000 .

Beginning on January 1 , 1995 , the Administrator may allocate from the Conservation and Renewable Energy Reserve an amount equal to a total of 300,000 allowances for emissions of sulfur dioxide pursuant to section 411 .
beginning on january 1 , 1995 , the administrator may [divide] from the conservation and renewable energy reserve an amount equal to a total of 300,000 allowances for emissions of sulfur dioxide pursuant to section 411 .

Notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .
notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the administrator shall [divide] such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances pursuant to subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) only in accordance with this subparagraph .
the administrator shall [divide] allowances pursuant to subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) only in accordance with this subparagraph .

Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the Administrator shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on Table B may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .
notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the administrator shall not [divide] allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on table b may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .

In no case may the Administrator allocate to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from operation of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this Act .
in no case may the administrator [divide] to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from operation of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this act .

For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter , the Administrator shall allocate sulfur dioxide allowances under section 424 , and shall conduct auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in Table A .
for affected egus for 2010 and each year thereafter , the administrator shall [divide] sulfur dioxide allowances under section 424 , and shall conduct auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in table a .

The Administrator shall allocate to the facilities under paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) on a pro rata basis ( based on the allocations under those paragraphs ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .
the administrator shall [divide] to the facilities under paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) on a pro rata basis ( based on the allocations under those paragraphs ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .

For affected EGUs , the total amount of sulfur dioxides allowances that the Administrator shall allocate for each covered year under section 434 shall equal 271,000 tons .
for affected egus , the total amount of sulfur dioxides allowances that the administrator shall [divide] for each covered year under section 434 shall equal 271,000 tons .

For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter , the Administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474 , and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in Table A .
for affected egus for 2010 and each year thereafter , the administrator shall [divide] mercury allowances under section 474 , and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in table a .

The regulations shall provide that the Administrator shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected EGUs .
the regulations shall provide that the administrator shall [divide] 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected egus .

These work hours are apportioned among city delivery carrier route types on the basis of cost allocations from the In-Office Cost System , b an ongoing work sampling system that is used to allocate costs for certain labor crafts among different activities and rate categories for ratemaking purposes .
these work hours are apportioned among city delivery carrier route types on the basis of cost allocations from the in-office cost system , b an ongoing work sampling system that is used to [divide] costs for certain labor crafts among different activities and rate categories for ratemaking purposes .

Carrier Cost System ( CCS ) data are used to allocate total possible deliveries among different route types and to determine the average pieces per possible delivery for different delivery and route types on letter routes .
carrier cost system ( ccs ) data are used to [divide] total possible deliveries among different route types and to determine the average pieces per possible delivery for different delivery and route types on letter routes .

When Congress passes an appropriations bill to allocate money to intelligence agencies , most of their funding is hidden in the Defense Department in order to keep intelligence spending secret .
when congress passes an appropriations bill to [divide] money to intelligence agencies , most of their funding is hidden in the defense department in order to keep intelligence spending secret .

We are concerned that management in the field offices still can allocate people and resources to local concerns that diverge from the national security mission .
we are concerned that management in the field offices still can [divide] people and resources to local concerns that diverge from the national security mission .

Institutional Management Beyond those day-to-day tasks of bridging the foreign-domestic divide and matching intelligence with plans , the challenges include broader management issues pertaining to how the top leaders of the government set priorities and allocate resources .
institutional management beyond those day-to-day tasks of bridging the foreign-domestic divide and matching intelligence with plans , the challenges include broader management issues pertaining to how the top leaders of the government set priorities and [divide] resources .

The U.S. government should allocate money so that lower-level officials have more flexibility to get the job done across agency lines , adjusting to the circumstances they find in the field .
the u.s. government should [divide] money so that lower-level officials have more flexibility to get the job done across agency lines , adjusting to the circumstances they find in the field .

Those who would allocate money on a different basis should then defend their view of the national interest .
those who would [divide] money on a different basis should then defend their view of the national interest .

As the ARV rollout commences in KwaZulu–Natal , difficult decisions will have to be made as to how to allocate scarce resources .
as the arv rollout commences in kwazulu–natal , difficult decisions will have to be made as to how to [divide] scarce resources .

Furthermore , within many species there is sufficient structure that it will be possible to allocate an individual to a particular geographic population .
furthermore , within many species there is sufficient structure that it will be possible to [divide] an individual to a particular geographic population .

My hope , therefore , is that once policy makers begin to realise what 's coming they will factor in this eventual windfall and allocate sufficient short-term resources to make the period of limited availability of rejuvenation therapies brief enough to prevent mayhem .
my hope , therefore , is that once policy makers begin to realise what 's coming they will factor in this eventual windfall and [divide] sufficient short-term resources to make the period of limited availability of rejuvenation therapies brief enough to prevent mayhem .

However , Capron and Reis [ 2 ] did not discuss our actual results : we determined how to decide how many drugs to allocate to each of the available HCFs in order to achieve an optimal allocation if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
however , capron and reis [ 2 ] did not discuss our actual results : we determined how to decide how many drugs to [divide] to each of the available hcfs in order to achieve an optimal allocation if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .

However , the WHO has not yet devised a quantitative policy for determining how to allocate antiretrovirals in situations where the demand for drugs greatly exceeds the supply [ 5 ] .
however , the who has not yet devised a quantitative policy for determining how to [divide] antiretrovirals in situations where the demand for drugs greatly exceeds the supply [ 5 ] .

We hope that our novel approach for deciding how to allocate antiretrovirals will be of use to the WHO and also to the relevant authorities in the many resource-constrained countries who will soon have to make very difficult decisions as to who lives and who dies .
we hope that our novel approach for deciding how to [divide] antiretrovirals will be of use to the who and also to the relevant authorities in the many resource-constrained countries who will soon have to make very difficult decisions as to who lives and who dies .

Our analysis is to our knowledge the first analysis to show how a rational and scientific solution can be reached for deciding how to allocate a limited amount of antiretrovirals , if the goal is to achieve treatment equity .
our analysis is to our knowledge the first analysis to show how a rational and scientific solution can be reached for deciding how to [divide] a limited amount of antiretrovirals , if the goal is to achieve treatment equity .

The papers explain , the parties now disagree about what to do with the surplus -- Clinton wants to reserve it for dealing with the coming Social Security crunch , although he wants to use some of it for keeping U.S. troops in Bosnia and to solve the Y2K problem , while the Republicans are against that spending , but want to allocate at least some of the surplus to tax relief .
the papers explain , the parties now disagree about what to do with the surplus -- clinton wants to reserve it for dealing with the coming social security crunch , although he wants to use some of it for keeping u.s. troops in bosnia and to solve the y2k problem , while the republicans are against that spending , but want to [divide] at least some of the surplus to tax relief .

What Greenspan is hoping is that Congress will allocate no more for new tax cuts or spending than it can cover with the remaining taxes . )
what greenspan is hoping is that congress will [divide] no more for new tax cuts or spending than it can cover with the remaining taxes . )

To `` invest '' it is to allocate it to `` long-term goals , '' which used to be called government programs .
to `` invest '' it is to [divide] it to `` long-term goals , '' which used to be called government programs .

The Washington Post leads with a federal budget compromise that will allocate nearly $ 1.4 billion to teacher hiring -- a central plank of President Clinton 's education policy .
the washington post leads with a federal budget compromise that will [divide] nearly $ 1.4 billion to teacher hiring -- a central plank of president clinton 's education policy .

Because the public health threat from corpses is minimal , the WHO has even urged Turkey to allocate more resources to aiding the injured and fewer to disposing of the dead .
because the public health threat from corpses is minimal , the who has even urged turkey to [divide] more resources to aiding the injured and fewer to disposing of the dead .

To succumb to that inclination is to reject the most important lesson taught by the triumph of capitalism , which is that markets process information , judge the future , and allocate capital far more efficiently and successfully than any individual , no matter how well-positioned , possibly can .
to succumb to that inclination is to reject the most important lesson taught by the triumph of capitalism , which is that markets process information , judge the future , and [divide] capital far more efficiently and successfully than any individual , no matter how well-positioned , possibly can .

I disapprove of most forms of public affirmative action myself , on the premise that public authorities should n't be permitted to allocate burdens and benefits on racial grounds in the absence of an absolute emergency .
i disapprove of most forms of public affirmative action myself , on the premise that public authorities should n't be permitted to [divide] burdens and benefits on racial grounds in the absence of an absolute emergency .

The final measure allows the cabinet secretaries to allocate the cut as they see fit .
the final measure allows the cabinet secretaries to [divide] the cut as they see fit .

Third , we would never allocate fact finding to 12 randomly selected individuals whose major qualification is that they know nothing about the matter in dispute .
third , we would never [divide] fact finding to 12 randomly selected individuals whose major qualification is that they know nothing about the matter in dispute .

Nor would we allocate it to judges , who are also not scientific experts .
nor would we [divide] it to judges , who are also not scientific experts .

In other words , if an IPO 's opening price is $ 20 , and within a couple of hours of the opening bell it 's trading at $ 35 , a bank will choose that moment to allocate the shares to the executive 's account .
in other words , if an ipo 's opening price is $ 20 , and within a couple of hours of the opening bell it 's trading at $ 35 , a bank will choose that moment to [divide] the shares to the executive 's account .

Instead of taking a company public at $ 30 a share , and watching it trade at $ 30 all day long , an investment bank can take a company public at $ 20 a share , watch it jump to $ 30 right after the opening bell , and allocate those now-profitable shares to its clients .
instead of taking a company public at $ 30 a share , and watching it trade at $ 30 all day long , an investment bank can take a company public at $ 20 a share , watch it jump to $ 30 right after the opening bell , and [divide] those now-profitable shares to its clients .

To locate meant , similarly , to allocate ( a parcel of land ) , to settle ( oneself ) on a piece of land , or to select ( a piece of land ) .
to locate meant , similarly , to [divide] ( a parcel of land ) , to settle ( oneself ) on a piece of land , or to select ( a piece of land ) .

