The Communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year , according to Western estimates .
the communist countries [divided] more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year , according to western estimates .

The industry is so structured that price-setting by a multi-product company will vary with the way overhead charges are allocated -- whether marginal or average pricing is applied .
the industry is so structured that price-setting by a multi-product company will vary with the way overhead charges are [divided] -- whether marginal or average pricing is applied .

Actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving , considering the additional half-million dollars Gov. Vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus .
actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving , considering the additional half-million dollars gov. vandiver [divided] last year from the state surplus .

In recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration , basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .
in recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the kennedy administration , basic united states strategy has been modified -- and large new sums [divided] -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .

This resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds .
this resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of [divided] funds .

She 'd like to see a key worker allocated to each patient and families made more fully informed about treatment .
she 'd like to see a key worker [divided] to each patient and families made more fully informed about treatment .

The national stadium has allocated Swindon 30,000 tickets for the Division One Play-Off Final , but only 20 for disabled fans .
the national stadium has [divided] swindon 30,000 tickets for the division one play-off final , but only 20 for disabled fans .

The company will pay the greater of the sum insured or the total sale value of the units remaining allocated to the account and the account will cease on the death or earlier permanent disability of Melvin or the death or earlier permanent disability of Lisa .
the company will pay the greater of the sum insured or the total sale value of the units remaining [divided] to the account and the account will cease on the death or earlier permanent disability of melvin or the death or earlier permanent disability of lisa .

Suggested there 's been a hundred and fifty grand allocated to the factory for er foundations and extension .
suggested there 's been a hundred and fifty grand [divided] to the factory for er foundations and extension .

Usually , couple of years and you get , you get erm a promotion , but there 's nothing , and the , the jobs that are coming up they 're erm they 're already sort of la allocated to people been given promotion .
usually , couple of years and you get , you get erm a promotion , but there 's nothing , and the , the jobs that are coming up they 're erm they 're already sort of la [divided] to people been given promotion .

Tragically , with hindsight , when Allitt came on duty at lunchtime on 5 April , 1991 , she was allocated to look after Katie , said Mr Goldring .
tragically , with hindsight , when allitt came on duty at lunchtime on 5 april , 1991 , she was [divided] to look after katie , said mr goldring .

In addition , a proportion of the cost of tax collection is to be allocated to the council tax water account in 1993-94 in order to show the ‘ true ’ cost of the service .
in addition , a proportion of the cost of tax collection is to be [divided] to the council tax water account in 1993-94 in order to show the ‘ true ’ cost of the service .

In addition , a proportion of the costs of tax collection is to be allocated to the council tax water account in 1993-94 in order to show the ‘ true ’ cost of the service .
in addition , a proportion of the costs of tax collection is to be [divided] to the council tax water account in 1993-94 in order to show the ‘ true ’ cost of the service .

Although some extra money has been allocated to help with the Government programme , the economists say that , generally , the intention appears to be that the initiatives to meet targets will be funded out of existing resources .
although some extra money has been [divided] to help with the government programme , the economists say that , generally , the intention appears to be that the initiatives to meet targets will be funded out of existing resources .

The Scottish Crofters ' Union , still smarting from the £2.25 cut in Hill Livestock Compensatory Allowance per ewe , has recommended that more priority be given to new or recent entrants to crofting when sheep and cattle quotas are allocated from the national reserve .
the scottish crofters ' union , still smarting from the £2.25 cut in hill livestock compensatory allowance per ewe , has recommended that more priority be given to new or recent entrants to crofting when sheep and cattle quotas are [divided] from the national reserve .

Mr Milburn , whose comments have been supported by consultant Sheila Shearson , said Darlington had been without a fulltime accident and emergency consultant even though money was allocated for the post two years ago .
mr milburn , whose comments have been supported by consultant sheila shearson , said darlington had been without a fulltime accident and emergency consultant even though money was [divided] for the post two years ago .

The minister yesterday announced £100,000 extra for teacher training to support the initiative , in addition to the £1.35 million allocated earlier .
the minister yesterday announced £100,000 extra for teacher training to support the initiative , in addition to the £1.35 million [divided] earlier .

The new bands will be at a divisional level to ensure that a substantial link is maintained between an infantry or cavalry regiment and an allocated band .
the new bands will be at a divisional level to ensure that a substantial link is maintained between an infantry or cavalry regiment and an [divided] band .

They said that although Strathclyde had advanced and innovative policies in many areas of race equality , their research findings gave ‘ a clear signal ’ that far greater resources needed to be allocated to this area .
they said that although strathclyde had advanced and innovative policies in many areas of race equality , their research findings gave ‘ a clear signal ’ that far greater resources needed to be [divided] to this area .

They said that although Strathclyde had advanced and innovative policies in many areas of race equality , their research findings gave ‘ a clear signal ’ that far greater resources needed to be allocated .
they said that although strathclyde had advanced and innovative policies in many areas of race equality , their research findings gave ‘ a clear signal ’ that far greater resources needed to be [divided] .

Extra Euro seats for Britain were agreed at the Edinburgh European summit last December but the Government has yet to announce how many seats , if any , Scotland will be allocated .
extra euro seats for britain were agreed at the edinburgh european summit last december but the government has yet to announce how many seats , if any , scotland will be [divided] .

Mr Waugh acknowledged that he was once again freezing the Ayr Road project even although money had been allocated to it in 1991 .
mr waugh acknowledged that he was once again freezing the ayr road project even although money had been [divided] to it in 1991 .

The £28 million brings the total for bridging finance up to £61 million , of which a total of £27 million has so far been allocated .
the £28 million brings the total for bridging finance up to £61 million , of which a total of £27 million has so far been [divided] .

Being allocated the entire dark continent as a sales territory for one man is a bit like being asked to cut the grass at Hampden Park single-handedly with a pair of nail scissors .
being [divided] the entire dark continent as a sales territory for one man is a bit like being asked to cut the grass at hampden park single-handedly with a pair of nail scissors .

It allocated securities repurchase funds to commercial banks at a minimum 8.25 per cent , unchanged from the rate at which it had fed funds to the market over the last two weeks .
it [divided] securities repurchase funds to commercial banks at a minimum 8.25 per cent , unchanged from the rate at which it had fed funds to the market over the last two weeks .

More than £150,000 of Northern regional health authority and South West Durham District Heath Authority cash has been allocated towards eliminating two-year waits and there has also been a significant reduction in those waiting between 12 and 23 months .
more than £150,000 of northern regional health authority and south west durham district heath authority cash has been [divided] towards eliminating two-year waits and there has also been a significant reduction in those waiting between 12 and 23 months .

If his assurance satisfies the Church , start-up costs for building work would come from the £243,000 Mr Fallon allocated for church school repairs in County Durham this year .
if his assurance satisfies the church , start-up costs for building work would come from the £243,000 mr fallon [divided] for church school repairs in county durham this year .

Mr Milburn said £600m would be allocated to schools and £300m for skills and training .
mr milburn said £600m would be [divided] to schools and £300m for skills and training .

Drama is allocated £4.197 million , a rise of 1.6 per cent .
drama is [divided] £4.197 million , a rise of 1.6 per cent .

But now the club have found that on applying for renewal of permission to play at the same venue next season , the pitch has already been allocated .
but now the club have found that on applying for renewal of permission to play at the same venue next season , the pitch has already been [divided] .

His first two days are likely to be spent on the induction wing while he is assessed by prison staff , before being allocated a permanent cell .
his first two days are likely to be spent on the induction wing while he is assessed by prison staff , before being [divided] a permanent cell .

Derry 's rivals in the Croke Park clash — Cork — have been allocated 14,000 tickets and in keeping with All-Ireland tradition , every other county north and south of the border has also received a number of tickets .
derry 's rivals in the croke park clash — cork — have been [divided] 14,000 tickets and in keeping with all-ireland tradition , every other county north and south of the border has also received a number of tickets .

‘ Last year Donegal was allocated 9,000 tickets for the final , but 18,000 supporters managed to get a place at the match , ’ he said .
‘ last year donegal was [divided] 9,000 tickets for the final , but 18,000 supporters managed to get a place at the match , ’ he said .

1/ The author is making the point that there is no benefit for people in spending huge amounts of money creating something which has no practical use , and that this money would be far better allocated to essentials ie housing , food , water etc rather than luxuries like T.V.s , videos etc .
1/ the author is making the point that there is no benefit for people in spending huge amounts of money creating something which has no practical use , and that this money would be far better [divided] to essentials ie housing , food , water etc rather than luxuries like t.v.s , videos etc .

£4,645 of the first payment was allocated in 1991-92 .
£4,645 of the first payment was [divided] in 1991-92 .

Within each block , the four treatments are allocated to plots at random so that we might have : For this layout , the treatment comparisons within a block are less subject to unwanted external variation ( both suspected and unknown ) .
within each block , the four treatments are [divided] to plots at random so that we might have : for this layout , the treatment comparisons within a block are less subject to unwanted external variation ( both suspected and unknown ) .

Once a decision to adopt a stratified sampling scheme is made it becomes necessary to decide how the n units in the sample should be allocated to strata .
once a decision to adopt a stratified sampling scheme is made it becomes necessary to decide how the n units in the sample should be [divided] to strata .

If interviewers or investigators are each allocated the same number of primary sampling units , they will all have the same workload ;
if interviewers or investigators are each [divided] the same number of primary sampling units , they will all have the same workload ;

a sample of 25 students stratified by course ; sample sizes in strata are to be proportionally allocated and a simple random sampling scheme used ,
a sample of 25 students stratified by course ; sample sizes in strata are to be proportionally [divided] and a simple random sampling scheme used ,

Bills are allocated to those offering the highest prices until the total amount on offer is used up .
bills are [divided] to those offering the highest prices until the total amount on offer is used up .

As capital is a scarce resource , it is important that information on a company gives a fair and accurate view of its prospects , such that resources ( capital ) are allocated efficiently .
as capital is a scarce resource , it is important that information on a company gives a fair and accurate view of its prospects , such that resources ( capital ) are [divided] efficiently .

Twenty minutes was the time allocated for lunch and then the afternoon was taken up with being fitted with a uniform .
twenty minutes was the time [divided] for lunch and then the afternoon was taken up with being fitted with a uniform .

Andy Boyack , from the Rail Maritime and Transport Union , said : ‘ The lads have all been allocated other jobs within the normal maintenance sections . ’
andy boyack , from the rail maritime and transport union , said : ‘ the lads have all been [divided] other jobs within the normal maintenance sections . ’

The couple were allocated their new housing association home through Middlesbrough Council .
the couple were [divided] their new housing association home through middlesbrough council .

This year , for instance , the council asked for permission to spend £25m on tackling the town 's housing problems but it has been allocated only £3.8m one third of which is earmarked for improvement grants to private homes and the rest to ongoing council schemes .
this year , for instance , the council asked for permission to spend £25m on tackling the town 's housing problems but it has been [divided] only £3.8m one third of which is earmarked for improvement grants to private homes and the rest to ongoing council schemes .

The unit 's chairman and leader of Middlesbrough Council , Coun Michael Carr , said he wanted ‘ a fundamental review of the way in which councils are allocated grant ’ .
the unit 's chairman and leader of middlesbrough council , coun michael carr , said he wanted ‘ a fundamental review of the way in which councils are [divided] grant ’ .

£9,000 has also been allocated from the committee 's 1992–93 budget to install a system in Redcar central library .
£9,000 has also been [divided] from the committee 's 1992–93 budget to install a system in redcar central library .

Sunderland have been allocated 4,000 tickets , including 500 £11 and £12 seats .
sunderland have been [divided] 4,000 tickets , including 500 £11 and £12 seats .

The reason is United have been allocated the entire East End .
the reason is united have been [divided] the entire east end .

White Pudding , which also went round faster than the previous record , clocking 31.18 secs , is drawn in box four and the main danger to Kildare Slippy tomorrow could come from Run on King , which has been favourably allocated trap one .
white pudding , which also went round faster than the previous record , clocking 31.18 secs , is drawn in box four and the main danger to kildare slippy tomorrow could come from run on king , which has been favourably [divided] trap one .

Last year the Government allocated £700,000 to the National Coaching Foundation to establish Champion Coaching .
last year the government [divided] £700,000 to the national coaching foundation to establish champion coaching .

Environment Minister Lord Strathclyde has allocated cash from the Estate Action Programme for Blacon .
environment minister lord strathclyde has [divided] cash from the estate action programme for blacon .

Dsepite Home Office denials prison officers claim staff are already being allocated to it
dsepite home office denials prison officers claim staff are already being [divided] to it

er Well it 's been allocated to the Oxford Group and the Central Amnesty found its information through er government releases , the media in Vietnam and er people from , who 've left Vietnam since .
er well it 's been [divided] to the oxford group and the central amnesty found its information through er government releases , the media in vietnam and er people from , who 've left vietnam since .

Well if the Conservatives got in would you cut back the money allocated to recreation and would you cut back on the recreation services ?
well if the conservatives got in would you cut back the money [divided] to recreation and would you cut back on the recreation services ?

So you think that resources ought to be allocated on the basis of need of particularly populations , and an analysis of the spread of within the age groups , rather than on just on a sort of so much per head uniform way .
so you think that resources ought to be [divided] on the basis of need of particularly populations , and an analysis of the spread of within the age groups , rather than on just on a sort of so much per head uniform way .

Similarly , although the smallness of the samples of 16th , 17th , and 18th Century publications in need of repair means that conclusions about them must be treated with some caution , it is worth noting that if all pre-1800 items are treated as a group and the proportion of them allocated to each of Categories 3–5 calculated , their pattern of distribution ( ‘ Poor ' 78 % ; ‘ Bad ’ 18 % ; ‘ Fragile ’ 7 % ) comes close to matching that already established for all defective items .
similarly , although the smallness of the samples of 16th , 17th , and 18th century publications in need of repair means that conclusions about them must be treated with some caution , it is worth noting that if all pre-1800 items are treated as a group and the proportion of them [divided] to each of categories 3–5 calculated , their pattern of distribution ( ‘ poor ' 78 % ; ‘ bad ’ 18 % ; ‘ fragile ’ 7 % ) comes close to matching that already established for all defective items .

Where terminal stations are shared who will be allocated the best platforms ?
where terminal stations are shared who will be [divided] the best platforms ?

Given the scale of redundancies , the question that arises is ‘ Who is performing dock work ? ’ The answer , quite simply , is that other port employees are now allocated to dock work , representing a significant change to both working practices and labour utilisation .
given the scale of redundancies , the question that arises is ‘ who is performing dock work ? ’ the answer , quite simply , is that other port employees are now [divided] to dock work , representing a significant change to both working practices and labour utilisation .

Part of that money had been allocated to pay for pensions and vehicle leases , but now the force will have to find the money elsewhere or face cutting jobs .
part of that money had been [divided] to pay for pensions and vehicle leases , but now the force will have to find the money elsewhere or face cutting jobs .

Instead , the county council , at a special meeting at Caernarfon , allocated £m from its reserves to meet the cost of redundancy payments .
instead , the county council , at a special meeting at caernarfon , [divided] £m from its reserves to meet the cost of redundancy payments .

On February 29th , it will be recalled that Falkenhayn had agreed to a spreading of the offensive , to ‘ clear ’ the Left Bank , and had allocated some of his jealously guarded reserves for the purpose .
on february 29th , it will be recalled that falkenhayn had agreed to a spreading of the offensive , to ‘ clear ’ the left bank , and had [divided] some of his jealously guarded reserves for the purpose .

Falkenhayn wavered , finally gave his permission for the new attack , and even allocated a fresh division for it .
falkenhayn wavered , finally gave his permission for the new attack , and even [divided] a fresh division for it .

The distribution formula has been criticised , because 50 percent allocated according to numbers of private residential beds does not focus money on deprived inner cities .
the distribution formula has been criticised , because 50 percent [divided] according to numbers of private residential beds does not focus money on deprived inner cities .

When children die , allegedly at the hands of parents or those responsible for their care , society expects responsibility to be allocated , and penalties paid .
when children die , allegedly at the hands of parents or those responsible for their care , society expects responsibility to be [divided] , and penalties paid .

allocated parking . You just park in the road or ?
[divided] parking . you just park in the road or ?

As you have no doubt gathered , the string arrangement is quite novel , offering a traditional four-course setup , but with each main string allocated a matched pair of drone strings .
as you have no doubt gathered , the string arrangement is quite novel , offering a traditional four-course setup , but with each main string [divided] a matched pair of drone strings .

The greatest benefit in having a national society , however , arises from the fact that although amateur radio is a hobby it is governed by national and international regulations which define not only the radio communication modes which can be used , and the nature of the communications allowed , but also the frequencies allocated to amateurs .
the greatest benefit in having a national society , however , arises from the fact that although amateur radio is a hobby it is governed by national and international regulations which define not only the radio communication modes which can be used , and the nature of the communications allowed , but also the frequencies [divided] to amateurs .

In the face of possible threats to the full 300kHz band from broadcast expansion , European amateurs had hoped that what might emerge was a worldwide common 200kHz band , although the International Amateur Radio Union felt the amateur service should not relinquish any of its full 300kHz where currently allocated .
in the face of possible threats to the full 300khz band from broadcast expansion , european amateurs had hoped that what might emerge was a worldwide common 200khz band , although the international amateur radio union felt the amateur service should not relinquish any of its full 300khz where currently [divided] .

The post-war recruits were allocated to units with definite boundaries to work within , the eventual arrangement being of two Lowland units and one covering the Highlands and Islands .
the post-war recruits were [divided] to units with definite boundaries to work within , the eventual arrangement being of two lowland units and one covering the highlands and islands .

In 1968 it was planned that field staff working in the north of England would be based in the new Scottish headquarters but later , the space originally allocated to them was given to the Marine Geophysics Unit .
in 1968 it was planned that field staff working in the north of england would be based in the new scottish headquarters but later , the space originally [divided] to them was given to the marine geophysics unit .

One Scottish-based supporter paid £750 for two £45 tickets , originally allocated to Brighton .
one scottish-based supporter paid £750 for two £45 tickets , originally [divided] to brighton .

Your entitlement to paid leave and overtime , plus arrangements for being allocated to another place of work to cover for staff absence , should be made clear .
your entitlement to paid leave and overtime , plus arrangements for being [divided] to another place of work to cover for staff absence , should be made clear .

This means that it is not necessary to know the total number of items in advance , because each item is a separately allocated piece of memory .
this means that it is not necessary to know the total number of items in advance , because each item is a separately [divided] piece of memory .

The binary search technique described earlier can be used with a dynamically allocated structure .
the binary search technique described earlier can be used with a dynamically [divided] structure .

However , when searching for a particular route from the ‘ z ’ , a linear search must be employed to establish whether it exists or not , which slows down the search time compared with the 26-way tree where all 26 routes are allocated .
however , when searching for a particular route from the ‘ z ’ , a linear search must be employed to establish whether it exists or not , which slows down the search time compared with the 26-way tree where all 26 routes are [divided] .

When the required path does not exist , new nodes are allocated to build it .
when the required path does not exist , new nodes are [divided] to build it .

Firstly the lexicon is pre-processed by using an array to hold the tree nodes , so that the memory required is allocated in one contiguous amount , rather than dynamically allocating each node .
firstly the lexicon is pre-processed by using an array to hold the tree nodes , so that the memory required is [divided] in one contiguous amount , rather than dynamically allocating each node .

The reporters tipped in roughish copy which the subs could slash to fit the allocated spaces .
the reporters tipped in roughish copy which the subs could slash to fit the [divided] spaces .

The government of the day would not be promoting the Bill , and it would not have been allocated time in its legislative programme , unless the government had considered the matter in considerable detail and decided more or less exactly upon the Bill it desired .
the government of the day would not be promoting the bill , and it would not have been [divided] time in its legislative programme , unless the government had considered the matter in considerable detail and decided more or less exactly upon the bill it desired .

Arriving at the sports hall door we all ( all being the 984 pupils in the school ) remove our shoes and walk to the half square metre of floor allocated for each pupil , taking our shoes with us .
arriving at the sports hall door we all ( all being the 984 pupils in the school ) remove our shoes and walk to the half square metre of floor [divided] for each pupil , taking our shoes with us .

’ Yet they may have made no effort to give her anywhere she can go to , having allocated a large bedroom to one of their small children and relegated her to the tiniest bedroom in the house , to which she can never withdraw unless she actually gets into bed .
’ yet they may have made no effort to give her anywhere she can go to , having [divided] a large bedroom to one of their small children and relegated her to the tiniest bedroom in the house , to which she can never withdraw unless she actually gets into bed .

Some members were housed in an annexe , but they were fortunate enough to have been allocated the spartan , but adequate rooms in the main building .
some members were housed in an annexe , but they were fortunate enough to have been [divided] the spartan , but adequate rooms in the main building .

The walkers are expected to be grateful for the left-over street space that is allocated to them and to not object when more is taken for road widening and comer-shaving , or when motorists use the remaining pavement to park on .
the walkers are expected to be grateful for the left-over street space that is [divided] to them and to not object when more is taken for road widening and comer-shaving , or when motorists use the remaining pavement to park on .

As public education developed in the middle of the nineteenth century , and as public funds were allocated for this purpose , it was considered that central government should oversee what was taught in schools .
as public education developed in the middle of the nineteenth century , and as public funds were [divided] for this purpose , it was considered that central government should oversee what was taught in schools .

You will be allocated certain countries to operate inside .
you will be [divided] certain countries to operate inside .

The guard allocated to her had removed all her make-up kit from her handbag , a subtle attempt at demoralization .
the guard [divided] to her had removed all her make-up kit from her handbag , a subtle attempt at demoralization .

‘ And , ’ Galvone continued , ‘ are those agents allocated to treat liberal elements holding positions of influence yet on their way ? ’
‘ and , ’ galvone continued , ‘ are those agents [divided] to treat liberal elements holding positions of influence yet on their way ? ’

but to date most of the resources for dealing with the aftermath of marital breakdown have been allocated to the judicial system .
but to date most of the resources for dealing with the aftermath of marital breakdown have been [divided] to the judicial system .

Hits from shooting and hand-to-hand combat are randomly allocated between the War Wagon tower , the horses , or crew as shown on the chart below .
hits from shooting and hand-to-hand combat are randomly [divided] between the war wagon tower , the horses , or crew as shown on the chart below .

The following method was used : ( a ) a date of interview ( nominated date ) was randomly selected from all 1096 days in the study period , ( b ) the control was then randomly allocated an age at which to be interviewed , ( c ) the date of birth was calculated from age and date of interview , ( d ) an obstetric hospital was randomly chosen in proportion to the number of births in 1986 , and ( e ) random numbers were used to select a particular infant from those born on the date of birth in the nominated obstetric hospital .
the following method was used : ( a ) a date of interview ( nominated date ) was randomly selected from all 1096 days in the study period , ( b ) the control was then randomly [divided] an age at which to be interviewed , ( c ) the date of birth was calculated from age and date of interview , ( d ) an obstetric hospital was randomly chosen in proportion to the number of births in 1986 , and ( e ) random numbers were used to select a particular infant from those born on the date of birth in the nominated obstetric hospital .

The aircraft , in their allocated categories , were required to have their climb performance before and after an engine failure demonstrated and measured .
the aircraft , in their [divided] categories , were required to have their climb performance before and after an engine failure demonstrated and measured .

Sheets are allocated to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .
sheets are [divided] to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .

We have all heard the stories of season ticket holders being found to stand for a match because someone else had been allocated a ticket for that seat .
we have all heard the stories of season ticket holders being found to stand for a match because someone else had been [divided] a ticket for that seat .

As two days are allocated for the match in order to obtain a result , refunds can not be made and nor can tickets be accepted back for exchange or re-sale .
as two days are [divided] for the match in order to obtain a result , refunds can not be made and nor can tickets be accepted back for exchange or re-sale .

Since this is inextricably bound up with women 's position in society as the prime providers of such tending , it becomes difficult to say whether the depressed status of such work is a result of a system of male domination of women or whether such work has been allocated to women as part of that process .
since this is inextricably bound up with women 's position in society as the prime providers of such tending , it becomes difficult to say whether the depressed status of such work is a result of a system of male domination of women or whether such work has been [divided] to women as part of that process .

Virtually all the services which old people need are allocated through formal channels , whether it is home helps , day care , aids and adaptations , or the time of a remedial therapist .
virtually all the services which old people need are [divided] through formal channels , whether it is home helps , day care , aids and adaptations , or the time of a remedial therapist .

About 100 fans from two sections of the ground allocated to away fans ran on to the pitch after Cardiff took a 2–1 lead .
about 100 fans from two sections of the ground [divided] to away fans ran on to the pitch after cardiff took a 2–1 lead .

‘ On arrival in Gibraltar , the aircraft were off-loaded onto the quay-side and the mainplanes and long-range tanks fitted by the ground staff , with the doubtful assistance of the pilots to whom the particular aircraft had been allocated .
‘ on arrival in gibraltar , the aircraft were off-loaded onto the quay-side and the mainplanes and long-range tanks fitted by the ground staff , with the doubtful assistance of the pilots to whom the particular aircraft had been [divided] .

This meant that the Social Democrats would not be entitled to any extra seats allocated from the party list , and as a result , did not have a majority .
this meant that the social democrats would not be entitled to any extra seats [divided] from the party list , and as a result , did not have a majority .

For this study 160 women at risk of premature delivery were randomly allocated to the trial drug or placebo ( 80 each ) .
for this study 160 women at risk of premature delivery were randomly [divided] to the trial drug or placebo ( 80 each ) .

Organising care in this way also meant that if a task was not allocated to anyone , for whatever reason , it never got done , whether it was necessary or not !
organising care in this way also meant that if a task was not [divided] to anyone , for whatever reason , it never got done , whether it was necessary or not !

Last week , Shoreditch reported on the situation in Exeter , where 1,000 extra votes were ‘ mistakenly ’ allocated to the Tory candidate .
last week , shoreditch reported on the situation in exeter , where 1,000 extra votes were ‘ mistakenly ’ [divided] to the tory candidate .

Each group had the opportunity of changing its membership at quarterly ‘ cavils ’ — events jointly supervised by management and union when faces were allocated to gangs by lot in order to even out differences in the ease of winning coal from particular seams .
each group had the opportunity of changing its membership at quarterly ‘ cavils ’ — events jointly supervised by management and union when faces were [divided] to gangs by lot in order to even out differences in the ease of winning coal from particular seams .

Known as composite longwall working , it was based on a self-selected group of forty-one men , who allocated themselves to tasks and shifts and received a comprehensive payment on a common note ( Trist et al .
known as composite longwall working , it was based on a self-selected group of forty-one men , who [divided] themselves to tasks and shifts and received a comprehensive payment on a common note ( trist et al .

However , the businessman must present at least two years of business operations and taxes , with a city licence before funds will be allocated .
however , the businessman must present at least two years of business operations and taxes , with a city licence before funds will be [divided] .

This sum is equivalent to about one third of the Government grant to Radio Tanzania for the same period , and to more than the entire sum allocated to the development of information and broadcasting services in the first Five Year plan .
this sum is equivalent to about one third of the government grant to radio tanzania for the same period , and to more than the entire sum [divided] to the development of information and broadcasting services in the first five year plan .

Used strictly whether in reference to a household , a corporation or a government , an economy consists of a set of activities by which scarce means are allocated to specific ends .
used strictly whether in reference to a household , a corporation or a government , an economy consists of a set of activities by which scarce means are [divided] to specific ends .

How much time should have been allocated to that job/ activity ? Did you spend :
how much time should have been [divided] to that job/ activity ? did you spend :

Students are allocated accommodation on a yearly basis , though payment is by termly instalments .
students are [divided] accommodation on a yearly basis , though payment is by termly instalments .

Everything that 's drawn on the page is made up of ‘ vectors ’ , with mathematically defined start and finish points , and allocated line , colour and fill styles .
everything that 's drawn on the page is made up of ‘ vectors ’ , with mathematically defined start and finish points , and [divided] line , colour and fill styles .

Special diets were allowed for sick inmates and these were allocated at the discretion of the medical officer :
special diets were allowed for sick inmates and these were [divided] at the discretion of the medical officer :

The latter was particularly the case with assistants allocated to named children with special educational needs in mainstream classes .
the latter was particularly the case with assistants [divided] to named children with special educational needs in mainstream classes .

The ‘ depoliticization ’ of the popular press , according to Curran and Seaton , can be seen in the reduction of space allocated to ‘ political affairs ’ , namely , political , social and economic news , over a period of decades .
the ‘ depoliticization ’ of the popular press , according to curran and seaton , can be seen in the reduction of space [divided] to ‘ political affairs ’ , namely , political , social and economic news , over a period of decades .

Capacity : The celebrated 42 per cent allocated to civilian production attests to the extent of excess capacity enjoyed by the defence sector , compared with the straitened circumstances of other industries .
capacity : the celebrated 42 per cent [divided] to civilian production attests to the extent of excess capacity enjoyed by the defence sector , compared with the straitened circumstances of other industries .

If a weaning process is required , the parent can progressively increase the requirements for earning a sticker , for example two nights , then three , and then a week of dry beds before a sticker is allocated .
if a weaning process is required , the parent can progressively increase the requirements for earning a sticker , for example two nights , then three , and then a week of dry beds before a sticker is [divided] .

People with different skills and training were to be allocated to places where these could be fully utilised , unlike before .
people with different skills and training were to be [divided] to places where these could be fully utilised , unlike before .

According to reports , large numbers were allocated to rural and border regions where conditions would be hard and opportunities to develop their talents scarce .
according to reports , large numbers were [divided] to rural and border regions where conditions would be hard and opportunities to develop their talents scarce .

Charts for intarsia and so on can be printed in colour if you have a colour printer , otherwise you can choose to print them either in shades of grey , or with the code numbers / letters that you allocated to the colours when you designed the pattern .
charts for intarsia and so on can be printed in colour if you have a colour printer , otherwise you can choose to print them either in shades of grey , or with the code numbers / letters that you [divided] to the colours when you designed the pattern .

The referrals are usually sorted by a team leader , put in order of priority , and allocated to social workers .
the referrals are usually sorted by a team leader , put in order of priority , and [divided] to social workers .

Many referrals will be dealt with by the duty officer and never allocated to a social worker .
many referrals will be dealt with by the duty officer and never [divided] to a social worker .

Once allocated it should be a prime task of the particular worker to do a full assessment , in the knowledge that this may need to be repeated , as the health , morale or circumstances of the elderly person at risk can change rapidly with a knock-on effect .
once [divided] it should be a prime task of the particular worker to do a full assessment , in the knowledge that this may need to be repeated , as the health , morale or circumstances of the elderly person at risk can change rapidly with a knock-on effect .

Fourthly , in setting out the contract which may be oral or written , the activities to be undertaken are sorted out into individual tasks , and allocated between the worker and the client .
fourthly , in setting out the contract which may be oral or written , the activities to be undertaken are sorted out into individual tasks , and [divided] between the worker and the client .

Thirdly it helps to be specific about the tasks to be undertaken and the time to be allocated to them .
thirdly it helps to be specific about the tasks to be undertaken and the time to be [divided] to them .

On the other hand , critics claim that the government has allocated too few resources to housing and has given too little emphasis to the needs of those ‘ at the bottom of the pile ’ in the housing market — the homeless and those on low incomes .
on the other hand , critics claim that the government has [divided] too few resources to housing and has given too little emphasis to the needs of those ‘ at the bottom of the pile ’ in the housing market — the homeless and those on low incomes .

The charge involves Barnet 's alleged failure to follow strict guidelines on the distribution of allocated Cup final tickets — two of which ended up with touts at last season 's Liverpool-Sunderland Cup final .
the charge involves barnet 's alleged failure to follow strict guidelines on the distribution of [divided] cup final tickets — two of which ended up with touts at last season 's liverpool-sunderland cup final .

After setting the West Australian team a target of 168 runs for victory , Pakistan managed to restrict the home team to 166–6 in their allocated 45 overs .
after setting the west australian team a target of 168 runs for victory , pakistan managed to restrict the home team to 166–6 in their [divided] 45 overs .

Republicans Abroad and Democrats Abroad have been allocated 200 tickets each — preference given to those who make a £25 donation .
republicans abroad and democrats abroad have been [divided] 200 tickets each — preference given to those who make a £25 donation .

In order to do so , she had no hesitation in breaking the law and regularly bought clothing coupons from the village women to supplement the meagre amount allocated to her and Constance by the Board of Trade .
in order to do so , she had no hesitation in breaking the law and regularly bought clothing coupons from the village women to supplement the meagre amount [divided] to her and constance by the board of trade .

If limited time has been allocated to deal with an item , and your case is not succeeding , you can point out that time has run out as a diversionary tactic .
if limited time has been [divided] to deal with an item , and your case is not succeeding , you can point out that time has run out as a diversionary tactic .

The first thing she will do is organise more space than the limited suite of offices traditionally allocated to the First Lady .
the first thing she will do is organise more space than the limited suite of offices traditionally [divided] to the first lady .

The net investment in a finance lease should be recorded as a debtor in the pension scheme 's accounts with the gross earnings normally allocated to accounting periods to give a constant periodic rate of return on the net cash investment .
the net investment in a finance lease should be recorded as a debtor in the pension scheme 's accounts with the gross earnings normally [divided] to accounting periods to give a constant periodic rate of return on the net cash investment .

Each quarterly presentation is allocated half a day ; Iveco 's directors explain the results for the previous quarter and give their projections for the rest of the year .
each quarterly presentation is [divided] half a day ; iveco 's directors explain the results for the previous quarter and give their projections for the rest of the year .

Any unallocated payments are held in a suspense account , but once an appropriate charge is identified , the amount is treated as if allocated on the original date of the overpayment .
any unallocated payments are held in a suspense account , but once an appropriate charge is identified , the amount is treated as if [divided] on the original date of the overpayment .

In the group discussions we were struck by the role that was allocated to women .
in the group discussions we were struck by the role that was [divided] to women .

The Corporation ignored this scheme and the company did not display the numbers on the cars , but they were shown on the folder maps issued by the three companies from 1916 . The Metropolitan Electric Tramways already allocated class letters to their cars ( always referred to as ‘ Type ’ letters ) ; the other two companies were brought into line as follows : —
the corporation ignored this scheme and the company did not display the numbers on the cars , but they were shown on the folder maps issued by the three companies from 1916 . the metropolitan electric tramways already [divided] class letters to their cars ( always referred to as ‘ type ’ letters ) ; the other two companies were brought into line as follows : —

They were able to work on all the routes allocated to that depôt , including 16/18 .
they were able to work on all the routes [divided] to that depôt , including 16/18 .

At the same time , three serviceable E/l Class cars were allocated to Purley depot , for use on route 16/18 .
at the same time , three serviceable e/l class cars were [divided] to purley depot , for use on route 16/18 .

This arrangement lasted only until June 1945 , when the three cars allocated to Purley were moved to Telford Avenue depot .
this arrangement lasted only until june 1945 , when the three cars [divided] to purley were moved to telford avenue depot .

Surely all seats should be numbered and tickets allocated for individual seats as they are at other sporting and entertainment events .
surely all seats should be numbered and tickets [divided] for individual seats as they are at other sporting and entertainment events .

In its accounts for the year ended 30 September 1992 , the investment trust , which specialises in Far East markets , has allocated 50 % of its management fee , net of tax relief , to capital reserve .
in its accounts for the year ended 30 september 1992 , the investment trust , which specialises in far east markets , has [divided] 50 % of its management fee , net of tax relief , to capital reserve .

The proportion allocated , it says , reflects an assessment of the activities undertaken by the manager in pursuit of the company 's investment objectives .
the proportion [divided] , it says , reflects an assessment of the activities undertaken by the manager in pursuit of the company 's investment objectives .

The finance costs associated with liabilities and shares other than equity shares are to be allocated to periods at a constant rate on the carrying amount .
the finance costs associated with liabilities and shares other than equity shares are to be [divided] to periods at a constant rate on the carrying amount .

The finance costs of debt should be allocated to periods over the term of the debt at a constant rate on the carrying amount .
the finance costs of debt should be [divided] to periods over the term of the debt at a constant rate on the carrying amount .

Last spring , Lorna signed up for the fortnight 's training course , and was allocated a large portion of the Glasgow and Clyde area , with 12,000 potential customers .
last spring , lorna signed up for the fortnight 's training course , and was [divided] a large portion of the glasgow and clyde area , with 12,000 potential customers .

The finance cost should be allocated to accounting periods so as to achieve a constant rate on the amount outstanding .
the finance cost should be [divided] to accounting periods so as to achieve a constant rate on the amount outstanding .

The British Medical Association and the Royal College of Midwives said yesterday that unless cash is allocated for proper counselling , routine testing could put pressure on women at a particularly vulnerable time .
the british medical association and the royal college of midwives said yesterday that unless cash is [divided] for proper counselling , routine testing could put pressure on women at a particularly vulnerable time .

Married couples may now apply to have either the whole or half of their 1993/94 married couple 's allowance allocated to the wife ( p 105 ) .
married couples may now apply to have either the whole or half of their 1993/94 married couple 's allowance [divided] to the wife ( p 105 ) .

Married couples may now apply to have either the whole or half of their 1993/94 married couple 's allowance allocated to the wife .
married couples may now apply to have either the whole or half of their 1993/94 married couple 's allowance [divided] to the wife .

At present the allowance is automatically allocated to the husband .
at present the allowance is automatically [divided] to the husband .

Because women have been allocated the tasks associated with running a household and rearing children as their particular responsibility , one could argue that they need practical day-to-day support in a way which men do not .
because women have been [divided] the tasks associated with running a household and rearing children as their particular responsibility , one could argue that they need practical day-to-day support in a way which men do not .

However , it is relatively easy to find illustrative examples which suggest that , in the past , the sharing of day-to-day assistance between kin was rooted in the responsibilities allocated to women in their domestic lives .
however , it is relatively easy to find illustrative examples which suggest that , in the past , the sharing of day-to-day assistance between kin was rooted in the responsibilities [divided] to women in their domestic lives .

For this reason , we have provisionally allocated the Pasalar species to Griphopithecus .
for this reason , we have provisionally [divided] the pasalar species to griphopithecus .

Because the striate cortex is homogeneous in terms of thickness , layering and cell density r21–24 , it implies that more cortical volume is allocated on average to the more central retinal outputs .
because the striate cortex is homogeneous in terms of thickness , layering and cell density r21–24 , it implies that more cortical volume is [divided] on average to the more central retinal outputs .

Undertrials and any short-termers sentenced to simple imprisonment were allocated only domestic duties .
undertrials and any short-termers sentenced to simple imprisonment were [divided] only domestic duties .

There were two posts allocated for social workers , but these had not been filled for a long time .
there were two posts [divided] for social workers , but these had not been filled for a long time .

Why have SSDs achieved so little despite the massive increase in resources allocated to them since they were first established in 1971 ? There are various possible answers : The world of 1993 is different from that of 1971 ; the numbers of disabled elderly people have soared ; the divorce rate has rocketed ; or , more conveniently , we could expect nothing else given the governments we have had .
why have ssds achieved so little despite the massive increase in resources [divided] to them since they were first established in 1971 ? there are various possible answers : the world of 1993 is different from that of 1971 ; the numbers of disabled elderly people have soared ; the divorce rate has rocketed ; or , more conveniently , we could expect nothing else given the governments we have had .

Remaining sessions each focus on a single episode in the story ( with the important theme of sexual choice being allocated two sessions ) .
remaining sessions each focus on a single episode in the story ( with the important theme of sexual choice being [divided] two sessions ) .

In Germany , where the authorities have wisely allocated digital phones a slot a long way from that used by their analogue brothers , there are other worries .
in germany , where the authorities have wisely [divided] digital phones a slot a long way from that used by their analogue brothers , there are other worries .

Each Neighbourhood Office was allocated a half-time under-fives worker post , despite a large increase in workload .
each neighbourhood office was [divided] a half-time under-fives worker post , despite a large increase in workload .

Classes were allocated and Balbinder was to be in class 1 with a Mrs Allinson and a nursery assistant .
classes were [divided] and balbinder was to be in class 1 with a mrs allinson and a nursery assistant .

Brooke stated that a ‘ substantial part ’ of its turnover would be devoted to ‘ good causes ’ , but the Bill does not set out what proportion of the proceeds will be allocated respectively to prizes , to administration and to the said good causes .
brooke stated that a ‘ substantial part ’ of its turnover would be devoted to ‘ good causes ’ , but the bill does not set out what proportion of the proceeds will be [divided] respectively to prizes , to administration and to the said good causes .

No less than 2 % of the Russian budget and no less than 6 % of local budgets is to be allocated to culture ( although in reality it is unlikely that the State budget , with its huge deficit , will manage more than 0.5 % ) .
no less than 2 % of the russian budget and no less than 6 % of local budgets is to be [divided] to culture ( although in reality it is unlikely that the state budget , with its huge deficit , will manage more than 0.5 % ) .

Money was allocated , but due to delays in passage of the Bill through Parliament , as has so often been the case before , no money has actually flowed from the coffers in Rome .
money was [divided] , but due to delays in passage of the bill through parliament , as has so often been the case before , no money has actually flowed from the coffers in rome .

More than 100 vehicles varying in age and size were allocated spaces in Kidderminster yard , complete with many sales stalls which managed a roaring trade on the same site .
more than 100 vehicles varying in age and size were [divided] spaces in kidderminster yard , complete with many sales stalls which managed a roaring trade on the same site .

With great generosity Laclotte has allocated much of the cataloguing and , presumably , choice of exhibits , to other scholars including , in the problem areas , Giorgione and the early Titian to Alessandro Ballarin ( Padua University ) , and the drawings to Konrad Oberhuber ( Albertina , Vienna ) .
with great generosity laclotte has [divided] much of the cataloguing and , presumably , choice of exhibits , to other scholars including , in the problem areas , giorgione and the early titian to alessandro ballarin ( padua university ) , and the drawings to konrad oberhuber ( albertina , vienna ) .

In some cases entries have been allocated to scholars with nothing new to say .
in some cases entries have been [divided] to scholars with nothing new to say .

The additional buildings allocated to accommodate the museum 's auxiliary services require money for expensive reconstruction work , as does the completion of the Technical Support complex construction of which began in the mid-'80s .
the additional buildings [divided] to accommodate the museum 's auxiliary services require money for expensive reconstruction work , as does the completion of the technical support complex construction of which began in the mid-'80s .

Further , there has not been a date allocated for the future although its replacement is expected to run in April .
further , there has not been a date [divided] for the future although its replacement is expected to run in april .

It could have been the second , but he had swallowed his pride when they had shown him the room that was allocated him .
it could have been the second , but he had swallowed his pride when they had shown him the room that was [divided] him .

Bissett 's difficulty lay in the time he had been allocated for his paper on the theoretical dimensions of the device .
bissett 's difficulty lay in the time he had been [divided] for his paper on the theoretical dimensions of the device .

In the original battle plans , which were to be strictly adhered to , ten minutes were allocated for the raid .
in the original battle plans , which were to be strictly adhered to , ten minutes were [divided] for the raid .

This contract , imposed unilaterally in March 1987 , requires teachers to work 1265 hours , ‘ allocated reasonably to 195 days a year … at the direction of the head teacher or local authority .
this contract , imposed unilaterally in march 1987 , requires teachers to work 1265 hours , ‘ [divided] reasonably to 195 days a year … at the direction of the head teacher or local authority .

Having allocated the human and other resources needed for the overall design task it is then appropriate to develop a more detailed model of the system functions in terms of materials , energy and information flow .
having [divided] the human and other resources needed for the overall design task it is then appropriate to develop a more detailed model of the system functions in terms of materials , energy and information flow .

functions are delegated from the human operator rather than allocated to him .
functions are delegated from the human operator rather than [divided] to him .

It follows that at some stage in the design process it should be useful to consider how the various functions are most effectively allocated — to man or to machine .
it follows that at some stage in the design process it should be useful to consider how the various functions are most effectively [divided] — to man or to machine .

Note that a real problem usually involves men rather than one man and thus there are extensive man-man communication issues where few of the functions could conceivably be allocated to non-human mechanisms .
note that a real problem usually involves men rather than one man and thus there are extensive man-man communication issues where few of the functions could conceivably be [divided] to non-human mechanisms .

If a comprehensive task description can be completed then it is legitimate to enquire why the task can not be allocated to a technical device rather than a human being .
if a comprehensive task description can be completed then it is legitimate to enquire why the task can not be [divided] to a technical device rather than a human being .

The differentiated status of the three curriculum traditions discerned and their link with the way finance and resources are allocated and pursued is confirmed by a number of studies already undertaken .
the differentiated status of the three curriculum traditions discerned and their link with the way finance and resources are [divided] and pursued is confirmed by a number of studies already undertaken .

In the private sector a large number of estate agents , landlords , accommodation agencies and building societies have been found to operate discriminatory registers , refusing to let or sell or lend to black individuals and families , while direct and indirect discrimination in many local authority housing departments has led to black tenants being allocated inferior council housing ( Gordon and Newnham , 1986 ) .
in the private sector a large number of estate agents , landlords , accommodation agencies and building societies have been found to operate discriminatory registers , refusing to let or sell or lend to black individuals and families , while direct and indirect discrimination in many local authority housing departments has led to black tenants being [divided] inferior council housing ( gordon and newnham , 1986 ) .

Fearing that a weak German left flank might enable the French to invade the Fatherland ( which Schlieffen had been prepared temporarily to tolerate ) , Moltke allocated eight of his nine new divisions to the left flank and added only one to the right — precisely the reverse of what Schlieffen had intended .
fearing that a weak german left flank might enable the french to invade the fatherland ( which schlieffen had been prepared temporarily to tolerate ) , moltke [divided] eight of his nine new divisions to the left flank and added only one to the right — precisely the reverse of what schlieffen had intended .

The British plan allocated nine infantry divisions to the assault , with three more in reserve .
the british plan [divided] nine infantry divisions to the assault , with three more in reserve .

At least thirty minutes would have to be allocated to each child , if they were to do justice to their abilities , and this meant about fifteen hours for a class of thirty .
at least thirty minutes would have to be [divided] to each child , if they were to do justice to their abilities , and this meant about fifteen hours for a class of thirty .

The police at Castlereagh allocated a cell to each man and gave them a good meal .
the police at castlereagh [divided] a cell to each man and gave them a good meal .

All the beasts of the forest are under God 's power though allocated to the Lele for food .
all the beasts of the forest are under god 's power though [divided] to the lele for food .

The massive aid operation ( the Red Cross allocated 20 per cent of their world budget to Somalia ) has had a visible effect , despite the odds stacked against it .
the massive aid operation ( the red cross [divided] 20 per cent of their world budget to somalia ) has had a visible effect , despite the odds stacked against it .

He had not given his name in Russian and the bunk that was allocated to him was against the wall at the furthest stretch from the narrow band of heat that the boiler might service .
he had not given his name in russian and the bunk that was [divided] to him was against the wall at the furthest stretch from the narrow band of heat that the boiler might service .

Griffiths strongly recommended that funds for community care should be separately identified in the public expenditure planning process and allocated to local authorities in a ‘ ring-fenced ’ budget so that community care monies would not ‘ leak ’ out into education , housing or leisure services on the decision of locally elected members .
griffiths strongly recommended that funds for community care should be separately identified in the public expenditure planning process and [divided] to local authorities in a ‘ ring-fenced ’ budget so that community care monies would not ‘ leak ’ out into education , housing or leisure services on the decision of locally elected members .

Tenants allocated homes in this way do of course pay rent and local taxes just like everyone else , although the sad reality at present is that many councils have such long waiting lists of homeless people and families living in substandard accommodation that people with mental disorders face great competition for housing .
tenants [divided] homes in this way do of course pay rent and local taxes just like everyone else , although the sad reality at present is that many councils have such long waiting lists of homeless people and families living in substandard accommodation that people with mental disorders face great competition for housing .

The labour-only sub-contractor , however , although occasionally employed on an hourly rate , will invariably be allocated work on a unit rate or lump sum basis and will only be paid for the actual work produced .
the labour-only sub-contractor , however , although occasionally employed on an hourly rate , will invariably be [divided] work on a unit rate or lump sum basis and will only be paid for the actual work produced .

In practice the simplest solution will normally be followed in that the cost will be allocated to the same period as the payment in the financial accounts .
in practice the simplest solution will normally be followed in that the cost will be [divided] to the same period as the payment in the financial accounts .

The total cost allocated to the various headings under each contract will be entered in a cost ledger as a permanent record each month .
the total cost [divided] to the various headings under each contract will be entered in a cost ledger as a permanent record each month .

Where the market is allocated on the basis of tenders , more intricate measures may be needed to ensure that the contracts are shared out , including perhaps ‘ allocation ’ of each contract to a particular firm and agreement on how the other firms will rig their bids to ensure that they are not awarded the contract ‘ by mistake ’ .
where the market is [divided] on the basis of tenders , more intricate measures may be needed to ensure that the contracts are shared out , including perhaps ‘ allocation ’ of each contract to a particular firm and agreement on how the other firms will rig their bids to ensure that they are not awarded the contract ‘ by mistake ’ .

The problem of social role One particular difficulty which is liable to beset participant observation studies was touched on in the previous paragraph ; it concerns the social role allocated to the fieldworker as a consequence of his or her age , sex , ethnicity or other socially significant attributes .
the problem of social role one particular difficulty which is liable to beset participant observation studies was touched on in the previous paragraph ; it concerns the social role [divided] to the fieldworker as a consequence of his or her age , sex , ethnicity or other socially significant attributes .

To each of these was allocated a major sector of government activity for inquiry and comment .
to each of these was [divided] a major sector of government activity for inquiry and comment .

In 1981 the Procedure Committee asked that eight days should be allocated in the chamber for the discussion of particular estimates ; the estimates would be chosen by the liaison committee of chairmen of select committees , so this arrangement would provide a further opportunity of examining matters raised in committee inquiries .
in 1981 the procedure committee asked that eight days should be [divided] in the chamber for the discussion of particular estimates ; the estimates would be chosen by the liaison committee of chairmen of select committees , so this arrangement would provide a further opportunity of examining matters raised in committee inquiries .

Members ballot for the right to introduce bills on Fridays allocated to this purpose .
members ballot for the right to introduce bills on fridays [divided] to this purpose .

Once recruited on this basis , the candidates would be allocated to departments .
once recruited on this basis , the candidates would be [divided] to departments .

This act allocated agriculture , health , home affairs , education , housing , roads and indeed all internal administration to a local executive and civil service responsible to the Stormont parliament .
this act [divided] agriculture , health , home affairs , education , housing , roads and indeed all internal administration to a local executive and civil service responsible to the stormont parliament .

The permanent secretary in each ministry became the accounting officer responsible to the Treasury for the expenditure of the money allocated to his ministry .
the permanent secretary in each ministry became the accounting officer responsible to the treasury for the expenditure of the money [divided] to his ministry .

At present , no minister could answer a parliamentary question by saying that whatever his views on the matter , responsibility had been allocated for this function to Assistant Secretary Brown and it was up to that official to take whatever course of action he thought best to achieve the set objectives .
at present , no minister could answer a parliamentary question by saying that whatever his views on the matter , responsibility had been [divided] for this function to assistant secretary brown and it was up to that official to take whatever course of action he thought best to achieve the set objectives .

In the six largest industrial conurbations outside London , the metropolitan counties , education and social welfare were given to the second-tier authorities : elsewhere , in the more rural shire counties , the provision of education and welfare services was allocated to the counties .
in the six largest industrial conurbations outside london , the metropolitan counties , education and social welfare were given to the second-tier authorities : elsewhere , in the more rural shire counties , the provision of education and welfare services was [divided] to the counties .

Thus , during the late 1940s , five of every six newly-built dwellings were council houses or flats and they were allocated according to need rather than according to income .
thus , during the late 1940s , five of every six newly-built dwellings were council houses or flats and they were [divided] according to need rather than according to income .

First , a certain proportion of housing is built , allocated and administered by local authorities .
first , a certain proportion of housing is built , [divided] and administered by local authorities .

Even this type of housing , however , is not always allocated solely according to need and council tenants are expected to pay economic rents , i.e .
even this type of housing , however , is not always [divided] solely according to need and council tenants are expected to pay economic rents , i.e .

The Social Security Act 1986 , radically changed the law by requiring special or emergency needs , which had previously been dealt with at the discretion of local officers , to be met out of the Social Fund under directions and guidance from the Minister who allocated funds to local offices .
the social security act 1986 , radically changed the law by requiring special or emergency needs , which had previously been dealt with at the discretion of local officers , to be met out of the social fund under directions and guidance from the minister who [divided] funds to local offices .

Sufficient funds for this may not be allocated if the allocation is based on the medium deprivation of the larger area .
sufficient funds for this may not be [divided] if the allocation is based on the medium deprivation of the larger area .

Funds allocated from central to local government are passed on to individual schools .
funds [divided] from central to local government are passed on to individual schools .

On the whole , there is very little variation between Authorities in the amounts per head allocated on the basis of total population figures , although Westminster provides a striking exception ; the very large amount for Westminster derives from the large daytime population , since all provision for library expenditure for commuters is transferred to their place of work ! The quite complicated allowances for provision of expenditure based on different age groups result in almost no differentiation between authorities suggesting that considerable simplification would be in order .
on the whole , there is very little variation between authorities in the amounts per head [divided] on the basis of total population figures , although westminster provides a striking exception ; the very large amount for westminster derives from the large daytime population , since all provision for library expenditure for commuters is transferred to their place of work ! the quite complicated allowances for provision of expenditure based on different age groups result in almost no differentiation between authorities suggesting that considerable simplification would be in order .

The average sum allocated for every child aged 5–17 by these children in single-parent families ranges from a minimum of about £100 to a maximum of just over £300 ; a range of £200 .
the average sum [divided] for every child aged 5–17 by these children in single-parent families ranges from a minimum of about £100 to a maximum of just over £300 ; a range of £200 .

An economy may be highly efficient , in the sense that goods and services are produced with the minimum of waste and are allocated in accordance with the demand for them , while at the same time the basic needs of many go unsatisfied .
an economy may be highly efficient , in the sense that goods and services are produced with the minimum of waste and are [divided] in accordance with the demand for them , while at the same time the basic needs of many go unsatisfied .

In the simplest case , records with keys such as 00 000 to 99 999 could be allocated to any contiguous set of 100000 storage positions .
in the simplest case , records with keys such as 00 000 to 99 999 could be [divided] to any contiguous set of 100000 storage positions .

They will also have to start from the specified starting address on the device , and must all lie within the allocated range .
they will also have to start from the specified starting address on the device , and must all lie within the [divided] range .

The first record to be allocated that address can be stored there , and is described as the home record .
the first record to be [divided] that address can be stored there , and is described as the home record .

Any subsequent record to be allocated to that address has to be stored elsewhere .
any subsequent record to be [divided] to that address has to be stored elsewhere .

In some cases the algorithm will spread the addresses evenly over the allocated storage area , and in the ideal case will have an equal probability of generating any address within that area ; in other cases the existing key order can be used to improve the efficiency of record storage .
in some cases the algorithm will spread the addresses evenly over the [divided] storage area , and in the ideal case will have an equal probability of generating any address within that area ; in other cases the existing key order can be used to improve the efficiency of record storage .

When records are randomly distributed among the available addresses , the probability of 0 , 1 , 2 , … , x records being allocated to any given address that can hold a single record can be calculated as follows :
when records are randomly distributed among the available addresses , the probability of 0 , 1 , 2 , … , x records being [divided] to any given address that can hold a single record can be calculated as follows :

Primary clustering results from runs of keys , in that they will be allocated to adjacent storage positions after division ; this is dispersed by quadratic hashing , in which the final storage position of the record depends on a function of the remainder from the original division , summed with a function of the square of the remainder .
primary clustering results from runs of keys , in that they will be [divided] to adjacent storage positions after division ; this is dispersed by quadratic hashing , in which the final storage position of the record depends on a function of the remainder from the original division , summed with a function of the square of the remainder .

In order to decide this we shall calculate the expected probability that an address will contain no record , one record only , one synonym ( two records allocated to one address ) , two synonyms and so on .
in order to decide this we shall calculate the expected probability that an address will contain no record , one record only , one synonym ( two records [divided] to one address ) , two synonyms and so on .

Using equation ( 6.2 ) derived from the binomial theorem , the probability that an address will have x records allocated to it is : Now : Thus
using equation ( 6.2 ) derived from the binomial theorem , the probability that an address will have x records [divided] to it is : now : thus

Table 6.2 shows the number of addresses that have been allocated the stated number of records per address ( up to seven ) , and the percentage of the total number of records in the file that was successfully allocated by each of the six algorithms used by Kaimann .
table 6.2 shows the number of addresses that have been [divided] the stated number of records per address ( up to seven ) , and the percentage of the total number of records in the file that was successfully [divided] by each of the six algorithms used by kaimann .

The table is built up by calculating p ( 0 ) , and hence the probability that any given address would not have a home record allocated to it .
the table is built up by calculating p ( 0 ) , and hence the probability that any given address would not have a home record [divided] to it .

Buckets can hold ten records only , and any further records ‘ allocated ’ to a bucket will become part of a synonym chain .
buckets can hold ten records only , and any further records ‘ [divided] ’ to a bucket will become part of a synonym chain .

If this were not done , data from previous files might still be present in addresses to which records were not allocated .
if this were not done , data from previous files might still be present in addresses to which records were not [divided] .

This would be the situation if the programmer had not allocated sufficient working storage to the file .
this would be the situation if the programmer had not [divided] sufficient working storage to the file .

On a 3330 , the space taken up by the track index will be at least 57 per cent of track zero if all but one track of the device is allocated to data storage ( the remaining track is assumed to be reserved for overflow records ) .
on a 3330 , the space taken up by the track index will be at least 57 per cent of track zero if all but one track of the device is [divided] to data storage ( the remaining track is assumed to be reserved for overflow records ) .

This work has shown the gradual deterioration of performance as random additions are made to a file , and the marked acceleration of this process as records are allocated to independent overflow .
this work has shown the gradual deterioration of performance as random additions are made to a file , and the marked acceleration of this process as records are [divided] to independent overflow .

This can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both techniques .
this can be [divided] by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both techniques .

George was pushed from her mind as they took to the tiny space allocated for dancing in Margaret Forrester 's front room .
george was pushed from her mind as they took to the tiny space [divided] for dancing in margaret forrester 's front room .

Each has been allocated a certain number of streets , but like everything else it takes time .
each has been [divided] a certain number of streets , but like everything else it takes time .

The choices made by men and women are limited , amongst other things , by social expectations of masculine and feminine behaviour ; this is not to say , however , that people passively accept their socially allocated roles .
the choices made by men and women are limited , amongst other things , by social expectations of masculine and feminine behaviour ; this is not to say , however , that people passively accept their socially [divided] roles .

This step consists of identifying in detail what is required to get from here to there : the activities that must be completed , the resources that must be allocated , the relationships that must be in place , the management structures that are necessary for the transition , and the rewards that must exist .
this step consists of identifying in detail what is required to get from here to there : the activities that must be completed , the resources that must be [divided] , the relationships that must be in place , the management structures that are necessary for the transition , and the rewards that must exist .

Ensuring that adequate resources are allocated to support the change and to maintain it once it has been achieved ;
ensuring that adequate resources are [divided] to support the change and to maintain it once it has been achieved ;

These may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private purchase or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .
these may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private purchase or goods [divided] by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .

It is a statement that expresses future plans in financial terms ; the plans become firm commitments for which funds have been allocated .
it is a statement that expresses future plans in financial terms ; the plans become firm commitments for which funds have been [divided] .

This latter approach is known as programme budgeting and it identifies amounts allocated to individual services .
this latter approach is known as programme budgeting and it identifies amounts [divided] to individual services .

It is a process whereby scarce resources are allocated among competing powers and claimants .
it is a process whereby scarce resources are [divided] among competing powers and claimants .

In the former case , by employing civilian clerical staff a greater proportion of funds can be allocated for direct policing policies .
in the former case , by employing civilian clerical staff a greater proportion of funds can be [divided] for direct policing policies .

It is on their best judgement that decisions are made , resources allocated and , as more information becomes available , changes put forward to take into account the new knowledge .
it is on their best judgement that decisions are made , resources [divided] and , as more information becomes available , changes put forward to take into account the new knowledge .

resource constraint : the project must be completed with the manpower , equipment , and financial resources allocated to it .
resource constraint : the project must be completed with the manpower , equipment , and financial resources [divided] to it .

The latter has been the chosen course , with the Federal government establishing welfare programmes , and guidelines for their operation , whereby part ( if not all ) of the costs of programme implementation are met from Federal money , and allocated to the State governments to be used for the defined purposes .
the latter has been the chosen course , with the federal government establishing welfare programmes , and guidelines for their operation , whereby part ( if not all ) of the costs of programme implementation are met from federal money , and [divided] to the state governments to be used for the defined purposes .

The conclusion to be drawn from these analyses is that whereas in some States , mainly in the northeastern United States , governments are generous both in the number of welfare recipients and in the amount of support allocated , those in others , mainly in the South , are much less generous .
the conclusion to be drawn from these analyses is that whereas in some states , mainly in the northeastern united states , governments are generous both in the number of welfare recipients and in the amount of support [divided] , those in others , mainly in the south , are much less generous .

For the party leaderships , of course , it is important to get representation across the board , so a Democrat Representative from a large State such as California may find that the Agriculture Committee contains sufficient California Democrats already , and he/she may then be allocated to the committee concerned with the work of the Department of the Interior instead .
for the party leaderships , of course , it is important to get representation across the board , so a democrat representative from a large state such as california may find that the agriculture committee contains sufficient california democrats already , and he/she may then be [divided] to the committee concerned with the work of the department of the interior instead .

Each committee 's membership is allocated between the two parties proportionally to their membership of the full house so that , for example , if the Democrats have 60 per cent of the Senate seats they will get approximately 60 per cent of each committee 's seats .
each committee 's membership is [divided] between the two parties proportionally to their membership of the full house so that , for example , if the democrats have 60 per cent of the senate seats they will get approximately 60 per cent of each committee 's seats .

The field officer 's sense of autonomy derives from the fact that being allocated to districts on a geographical basis designed around river catchments gives him a personal territorial jurisdiction over which he presides .
the field officer 's sense of autonomy derives from the fact that being [divided] to districts on a geographical basis designed around river catchments gives him a personal territorial jurisdiction over which he presides .

Each of the main pieces of work was allocated approximately one week in the spring term of 1981 .
each of the main pieces of work was [divided] approximately one week in the spring term of 1981 .

It reveals a systematic tendency for able black students to be allocated to sets and streams and entered for examinations below their capacities , and exposes the significance of racist discourses in legitimating these practices ( see also Wright , 1987 ) .
it reveals a systematic tendency for able black students to be [divided] to sets and streams and entered for examinations below their capacities , and exposes the significance of racist discourses in legitimating these practices ( see also wright , 1987 ) .

Hence the chief designer would control the whole product space whereas the detail draughtsman could only change details within the box allocated to his specific part .
hence the chief designer would control the whole product space whereas the detail draughtsman could only change details within the box [divided] to his specific part .

Clearly there is going to be conflict between allocated space as parts do overlap in assemblies .
clearly there is going to be conflict between [divided] space as parts do overlap in assemblies .

The subset made from is handled in a similar manner except that an original part number is allocated .
the subset made from is handled in a similar manner except that an original part number is [divided] .

If you expect to receive information from several sources for a particular topic , the space allocated to that topic must be large , so that later notes can be added .
if you expect to receive information from several sources for a particular topic , the space [divided] to that topic must be large , so that later notes can be added .

On arriving back in your room after a day at college , you should immediately ( do n't leave it until later ) transfer the day 's pages of notes to the individual Shelfolds that have been allocated one to each course or subject .
on arriving back in your room after a day at college , you should immediately ( do n't leave it until later ) transfer the day 's pages of notes to the individual shelfolds that have been [divided] one to each course or subject .

It is anticipated that , as regards the current emergency , personnel will face up to the issues involved and exercise appropriately the functions allocated to their respective age groups .
it is anticipated that , as regards the current emergency , personnel will face up to the issues involved and exercise appropriately the functions [divided] to their respective age groups .

Answer your first-choice question and , if you finish or run out of anything else to write before the allocated time , do not give the extra time to the second question but keep it in reserve for the end of the examination .
answer your first-choice question and , if you finish or run out of anything else to write before the [divided] time , do not give the extra time to the second question but keep it in reserve for the end of the examination .

The numerous young of mammals such as rabbits and cats can even identify the particular nipple allocated to each and find it by smell within seconds of their mother returning .
the numerous young of mammals such as rabbits and cats can even identify the particular nipple [divided] to each and find it by smell within seconds of their mother returning .

11.2% of State Budget is allocated to health care ;
11.2% of state budget is [divided] to health care ;

Remaining funds will be allocated to individual projects , a third to public health research and two-thirds to clinical research .
remaining funds will be [divided] to individual projects , a third to public health research and two-thirds to clinical research .

The main sectors to be supported are tourism , fishing and manufacturing ; between 1965 and 1974 , each of these was allocated about £5–6 million , while by contrast , only about £2 million was spent on agricultural projects ( Gilg 1976 ) .
the main sectors to be supported are tourism , fishing and manufacturing ; between 1965 and 1974 , each of these was [divided] about £5–6 million , while by contrast , only about £2 million was spent on agricultural projects ( gilg 1976 ) .

It is the managers of local authority stock who determine who is allocated to which houses and where ; who can enter the waiting list and how long they have to wait and , crucially , who can transfer within this sector .
it is the managers of local authority stock who determine who is [divided] to which houses and where ; who can enter the waiting list and how long they have to wait and , crucially , who can transfer within this sector .

But we see no reason why it should not be acceptable ( and consistent with our human rights philosophy ) for aims such as reform , reparation and requalification to be considered and at least sometimes pursued when it has to be decided what punishment ( if any ) should be allocated to individual offenders , as long as this does not have the result of making the punishment harsher .
but we see no reason why it should not be acceptable ( and consistent with our human rights philosophy ) for aims such as reform , reparation and requalification to be considered and at least sometimes pursued when it has to be decided what punishment ( if any ) should be [divided] to individual offenders , as long as this does not have the result of making the punishment harsher .

The stores are then allocated a minimum number of each title , according to their size and market , with the larger stores taking an amount over and above that , to be decided by the Penguin representatives and the stores ' buyers .
the stores are then [divided] a minimum number of each title , according to their size and market , with the larger stores taking an amount over and above that , to be decided by the penguin representatives and the stores ' buyers .

The main Opposition party is extended more specific facilities of this kind , so there are days allocated for debates on topics of its own choice .
the main opposition party is extended more specific facilities of this kind , so there are days [divided] for debates on topics of its own choice .

In particular , the moves in education to allow schools to become self-governing has shifted finance normally allocated and controlled by local authorities back to central government , whilst the selling of council houses has reduced both the size of the public housing sector controlled by local authorities and the level of financial control that accompanied this .
in particular , the moves in education to allow schools to become self-governing has shifted finance normally [divided] and controlled by local authorities back to central government , whilst the selling of council houses has reduced both the size of the public housing sector controlled by local authorities and the level of financial control that accompanied this .

Little or no monies were allocated to maintaining their worker status — they could not afford special trips to the Jobcentre or to visit factories , a finding echoed in more recent research ( Erens and Hedges , 1990 ) .
little or no monies were [divided] to maintaining their worker status — they could not afford special trips to the jobcentre or to visit factories , a finding echoed in more recent research ( erens and hedges , 1990 ) .

However , for the white client , since there is a client contribution , only 77 per cent of the budget is allocated .
however , for the white client , since there is a client contribution , only 77 per cent of the budget is [divided] .

Patients were allocated randomly to receive chemotherapy or only supportive care in a ratio of 2:1 according to performance status , metastatic disease of the liver , and weight loss in the six months before entering the study .
patients were [divided] randomly to receive chemotherapy or only supportive care in a ratio of 2:1 according to performance status , metastatic disease of the liver , and weight loss in the six months before entering the study .

Children were randomly allocated to adenotonsillectomy , adenoidectomy , or neither procedure .
children were randomly [divided] to adenotonsillectomy , adenoidectomy , or neither procedure .

By using tables of random numbers the children were allocated to three groups : adenotonsillectomy , adenoidectomy , and no surgery .
by using tables of random numbers the children were [divided] to three groups : adenotonsillectomy , adenoidectomy , and no surgery .

Children were then allocated at random to the two remaining groups of adenoidectomy or no surgery in addition to unilateral insertion of ventilation tubes until June 1986 , thus accounting for the reduced numbers at follow up in the later years .
children were then [divided] at random to the two remaining groups of adenoidectomy or no surgery in addition to unilateral insertion of ventilation tubes until june 1986 , thus accounting for the reduced numbers at follow up in the later years .

Resources have been allocated to implement the National Aboriginal Health Strategy : to improve living and working conditions , education , and employment opportunities .
resources have been [divided] to implement the national aboriginal health strategy : to improve living and working conditions , education , and employment opportunities .

Funds have been allocated to facilitate workplace reform and the unions in Western Australia have put forward a job redesign package as part of their current wage discussions .
funds have been [divided] to facilitate workplace reform and the unions in western australia have put forward a job redesign package as part of their current wage discussions .

In 1990 , for example , 73 % of all acute hospital beds were public , but only 61 % of total hospital bed days for acute services were allocated to public patients .
in 1990 , for example , 73 % of all acute hospital beds were public , but only 61 % of total hospital bed days for acute services were [divided] to public patients .

An additional £600m ( $ A1.36bn ) over five years has been allocated for this .
an additional £600m ( $ a1.36bn ) over five years has been [divided] for this .

In response to the National Aboriginal Health Strategy the federal government has allocated an additional £108m ( $ A232m ) over a five year period from 1990 to 1995 .
in response to the national aboriginal health strategy the federal government has [divided] an additional £108m ( $ a232m ) over a five year period from 1990 to 1995 .

The royal commission , reporting in 1991 , noted that the money allocated was only one fifth of the estimated full cost of implementing the strategy and was therefore inadequate .
the royal commission , reporting in 1991 , noted that the money [divided] was only one fifth of the estimated full cost of implementing the strategy and was therefore inadequate .

Patients were then randomly allocated , in balanced blocks of four , to six weeks ' treatment with either diuretic plus slow release nifedipine 20 mg twice daily or diuretic plus propranolol 80 mg twice daily .
patients were then randomly [divided] , in balanced blocks of four , to six weeks ' treatment with either diuretic plus slow release nifedipine 20 mg twice daily or diuretic plus propranolol 80 mg twice daily .

Patients allocated to prompted care in the community or to continued attendance at hospital diabetic clinic ( controls ) .
patients [divided] to prompted care in the community or to continued attendance at hospital diabetic clinic ( controls ) .

These sections were then placed in sterile 1.5 ml Eppendorf containers and allocated a code number by the histopathology department at Middlesex Hospital .
these sections were then placed in sterile 1.5 ml eppendorf containers and [divided] a code number by the histopathology department at middlesex hospital .

In 1993 they will be allocated to area managers but not yet to care managers .
in 1993 they will be [divided] to area managers but not yet to care managers .

In particular a given league table is unlikely to contain all the relevant comparisons of programmes of the appropriate intensity or scale to enable a budget to be allocated .
in particular a given league table is unlikely to contain all the relevant comparisons of programmes of the appropriate intensity or scale to enable a budget to be [divided] .

Although we had three rooms for the sessions , conditions were very cramped and there were last minute hitches with pupils discovering their recorders would n't work or the plug points were too far from the place allocated for the interviews .
although we had three rooms for the sessions , conditions were very cramped and there were last minute hitches with pupils discovering their recorders would n't work or the plug points were too far from the place [divided] for the interviews .

Many of the questions did not encourage informative or useful replies and in these cases pupils discovered they had not thought of enough questions or areas for inquiry in the time allocated .
many of the questions did not encourage informative or useful replies and in these cases pupils discovered they had not thought of enough questions or areas for inquiry in the time [divided] .

The three sessions allocated to the project after Christmas were reduced to two by other unavoidable activities in both schools .
the three sessions [divided] to the project after christmas were reduced to two by other unavoidable activities in both schools .

By 1968 four Board of Trade advance factories had been developed and allocated on the Bassington Estate .
by 1968 four board of trade advance factories had been developed and [divided] on the bassington estate .

The Corporation of the City of Newcastle had controlled the river , and most of the coast of northern England , under rights allocated by Royal Charter .
the corporation of the city of newcastle had controlled the river , and most of the coast of northern england , under rights [divided] by royal charter .

Black people can be denied eligibility by rules which were originally drawn up for completely different purposes ; property let to ethnic minorities tends to be of lower quality than that allocated to the white population ; and black families , which tend to be larger , may not find council accommodation which is large enough for their needs ( Brown , 1984 ) .
black people can be denied eligibility by rules which were originally drawn up for completely different purposes ; property let to ethnic minorities tends to be of lower quality than that [divided] to the white population ; and black families , which tend to be larger , may not find council accommodation which is large enough for their needs ( brown , 1984 ) .

Work coming in from solicitors is allocated among members of the chambers by the clerk , who also negotiates the fee for the brief .
work coming in from solicitors is [divided] among members of the chambers by the clerk , who also negotiates the fee for the brief .

At the time of Coburn 's first draft little was settled either on the casting front or on the design aspects of the Doctor 's space/time machine — key factors as they were greatly dependent on the size of the budget which would be allocated the show .
at the time of coburn 's first draft little was settled either on the casting front or on the design aspects of the doctor 's space/time machine — key factors as they were greatly dependent on the size of the budget which would be [divided] the show .

By then Verity Lambert had established her notion of production teams and the Design jobs were allocated out to Barry Newbery and Raymond Cusick .
by then verity lambert had established her notion of production teams and the design jobs were [divided] out to barry newbery and raymond cusick .

To prevent a rerun of problems encountered on ‘ The Keys of Marinus ’ , two Designers were allocated to this serial to even out its massive effects and sets workload .
to prevent a rerun of problems encountered on ‘ the keys of marinus ’ , two designers were [divided] to this serial to even out its massive effects and sets workload .

Someone called Prue , who until today had remained hidden in the wardrobe-room on the first floor pedalling her sewing machine , had a chair allocated for her use in the prompt corner and a space reserved for cotton reels and safety pins on the props table in the wings .
someone called prue , who until today had remained hidden in the wardrobe-room on the first floor pedalling her sewing machine , had a chair [divided] for her use in the prompt corner and a space reserved for cotton reels and safety pins on the props table in the wings .

Later , any other example can be allocated to a cluster by specifying that name .
later , any other example can be [divided] to a cluster by specifying that name .

Usually , the purpose of clustering is to discover intensional descriptions , so that any new example not in the training set can be allocated to a cluster without doing the clustering all over again .
usually , the purpose of clustering is to discover intensional descriptions , so that any new example not in the training set can be [divided] to a cluster without doing the clustering all over again .

‘ ( 3 ) Is the answer to question ( 2 ) affected by the existence of national catch quotas allocated to member states pursuant to the Common Fisheries Policy ?
‘ ( 3 ) is the answer to question ( 2 ) affected by the existence of national catch quotas [divided] to member states pursuant to the common fisheries policy ?

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas [divided] to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

The Act of 1988 was designed precisely to ensure that the fish quotas allocated to the United Kingdom actually enured to the benefit of persons for whom they were intended .
the act of 1988 was designed precisely to ensure that the fish quotas [divided] to the united kingdom actually enured to the benefit of persons for whom they were intended .

Ireland stressed that the Act of 1988 was directed to ensuring that the economic benefits of the quotas allocated to the United Kingdom accrued to British fishing communities .
ireland stressed that the act of 1988 was directed to ensuring that the economic benefits of the quotas [divided] to the united kingdom accrued to british fishing communities .

The Commission communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas was not appropriate to resolve that conflict , because it did not tackle the problem of the effective exploitation of the catch quotas allocated to the member states .
the commission communication of 19 july 1989 on a community framework for access to fishing quotas was not appropriate to resolve that conflict , because it did not tackle the problem of the effective exploitation of the catch quotas [divided] to the member states .

The quotas allocated to a member state should benefit the fishing communities of that state .
the quotas [divided] to a member state should benefit the fishing communities of that state .

‘ Member states shall determine , in accordance with the applicable Community provisions , the detailed rules for the utilisation of the quotas allocated to them .
‘ member states shall determine , in accordance with the applicable community provisions , the detailed rules for the utilisation of the quotas [divided] to them .

‘ ( 3 ) Is the answer to question ( 2 ) affected by the existence of national catch quotas allocated to member states pursuant to the Common Fisheries Policy ?
‘ ( 3 ) is the answer to question ( 2 ) affected by the existence of national catch quotas [divided] to member states pursuant to the common fisheries policy ?

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas [divided] to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

The Marketing Mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be [divided] such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .

The Marketing Mix was defined in Section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix was defined in section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be [divided] such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .

Ms. Walley : To ask the Lord President of the Council how much money has been allocated to introduce healthy and nutritious food programmes covering the Members ' and Strangers ' Cafeterias .
ms. walley : to ask the lord president of the council how much money has been [divided] to introduce healthy and nutritious food programmes covering the members ' and strangers ' cafeterias .

However , no money has been allocated specifically for this purpose .
however , no money has been [divided] specifically for this purpose .

Therefore it is difficult to know how much money is being provided , and whether a regional authority is using the money allocated for transport in the block grant for transport matters .
therefore it is difficult to know how much money is being provided , and whether a regional authority is using the money [divided] for transport in the block grant for transport matters .

Although the resources allocated to in-service training are numerically small it is a potential source of notable innovation .
although the resources [divided] to in-service training are numerically small it is a potential source of notable innovation .

Rappaport shows how the cost of support activities must first be carefully allocated over primary-activity categories .
rappaport shows how the cost of support activities must first be carefully [divided] over primary-activity categories .

She 'd been moved from the uninspiring cupboard allocated to her by Stephanie on her arrival .
she 'd been moved from the uninspiring cupboard [divided] to her by stephanie on her arrival .

Further funding will cover , in part at least , the shortfall between the amount allocated to them from the common fund and their total expenditure .
further funding will cover , in part at least , the shortfall between the amount [divided] to them from the common fund and their total expenditure .

On small windows , using fine fabric , as little as 10cm ( 4in ) could be allocated to make a 5cm ( 2in ) pleat and pelmet , but on larger windows allow between 15 and 20cm ( 6 and 8in ) for a 7.5cm ( 3in ) and 10cm ( 4in ) pleat respectively .
on small windows , using fine fabric , as little as 10cm ( 4in ) could be [divided] to make a 5cm ( 2in ) pleat and pelmet , but on larger windows allow between 15 and 20cm ( 6 and 8in ) for a 7.5cm ( 3in ) and 10cm ( 4in ) pleat respectively .

The courts could systematically substitute their choice as to how the discretion ought to be exercised for that of the administrative authority ; they would in other words reassess the matter afresh and decide , for example , whether funds ought to be allocated in one way rather than another .
the courts could systematically substitute their choice as to how the discretion ought to be exercised for that of the administrative authority ; they would in other words reassess the matter afresh and decide , for example , whether funds ought to be [divided] in one way rather than another .

The regulating authority determines the total amount of emissions to be allowed in an area and then issues the equivalent number of permits or rights to pollute , which can then be marketed , auctioned or allocated in some way .
the regulating authority determines the total amount of emissions to be allowed in an area and then issues the equivalent number of permits or rights to pollute , which can then be marketed , auctioned or [divided] in some way .

It was almost as if she was surrounded by a choir , with each person allocated one word , but so well rehearsed that the sentences flowed seamlessly along .
it was almost as if she was surrounded by a choir , with each person [divided] one word , but so well rehearsed that the sentences flowed seamlessly along .

We noted in Chapter 3 that the large amounts of time allocated to language and mathematics were sometimes the least efficiently used .
we noted in chapter 3 that the large amounts of time [divided] to language and mathematics were sometimes the least efficiently used .

There was a common sequence to nearly every teaching session observed : the teacher settled the children down ; explained the tasks ; allocated children to groups ; interacted with one or more groups while they worked ; initiated finishing off or tidying up .
there was a common sequence to nearly every teaching session observed : the teacher settled the children down ; explained the tasks ; [divided] children to groups ; interacted with one or more groups while they worked ; initiated finishing off or tidying up .

Within this basic framework the amount of time allocated to each stage varied considerably .
within this basic framework the amount of time [divided] to each stage varied considerably .

It is immediately clear that some topics received considerably more , or less , attention than would be suggested by the number of courses allocated to them .
it is immediately clear that some topics received considerably more , or less , attention than would be suggested by the number of courses [divided] to them .

The National Curriculum , as well as specific curriculum areas , received slightly fewer teacher-days than would be suggested by the number of courses allocated to them .
the national curriculum , as well as specific curriculum areas , received slightly fewer teacher-days than would be suggested by the number of courses [divided] to them .

Finally , though the rest of the curriculum was allocated well under 100 teacher-days during the first three years , there was a substantial rise during the fourth year .
finally , though the rest of the curriculum was [divided] well under 100 teacher-days during the first three years , there was a substantial rise during the fourth year .

More resources are devoted to aspects of fiscal welfare than to cash benefits or service delivery and they are allocated in ways that pervert what individual service policies are seeking to achieve .
more resources are devoted to aspects of fiscal welfare than to cash benefits or service delivery and they are [divided] in ways that pervert what individual service policies are seeking to achieve .

In such a free market , goods and services would be efficiently allocated .
in such a free market , goods and services would be efficiently [divided] .

In 1974 this fund was allocated to the regional and area health authorities , and in 1982 it was once again reallocated to the new district authorities .
in 1974 this fund was [divided] to the regional and area health authorities , and in 1982 it was once again reallocated to the new district authorities .

This is how the National Health Service 's money is raised . How is it allocated ?
this is how the national health service 's money is raised . how is it [divided] ?

We look first at the way the main block of money is allocated .
we look first at the way the main block of money is [divided] .

In this case part of the hospital and community budget allocated to the region is transferred to the family doctor .
in this case part of the hospital and community budget [divided] to the region is transferred to the family doctor .

The money could be allocated openly rather than through ‘ hidden tax in the form of food prices which hit hardest those least able to pay ’ .
the money could be [divided] openly rather than through ‘ hidden tax in the form of food prices which hit hardest those least able to pay ’ .

The government allocated £6.5 million to ease the transition but this was totally inadequate when set against the costs associated with reorganisation .
the government [divided] £6.5 million to ease the transition but this was totally inadequate when set against the costs associated with reorganisation .

In the government 's statement of its expenditure plans , published in November 1989 , higher education was allocated an extra £75 million between 1991 and 1992/93 .
in the government 's statement of its expenditure plans , published in november 1989 , higher education was [divided] an extra £75 million between 1991 and 1992/93 .

In the first year of its operation only 5 per cent of polytechnic and college funding was allocated on the basis of competitive bidding , but the proportion is expected to be increased to 10 per cent in 1991 and further increases in subsequent years can be anticipated .
in the first year of its operation only 5 per cent of polytechnic and college funding was [divided] on the basis of competitive bidding , but the proportion is expected to be increased to 10 per cent in 1991 and further increases in subsequent years can be anticipated .

Local government was allocated these responsibilities with great reluctance only after the government had explored every other possibility .
local government was [divided] these responsibilities with great reluctance only after the government had explored every other possibility .

Rooms are allocated according to which week you come , and it 's best rooms to early bookers .
rooms are [divided] according to which week you come , and it 's best rooms to early bookers .

To cover this there is a £20 per head supplement for independent charter of yachts allocated to our two week flotillas .
to cover this there is a £20 per head supplement for independent charter of yachts [divided] to our two week flotillas .

He was simply lucky , perhaps , that the land which he sold had been allocated for residential purposes in a period when a new suburban city was coming into being .
he was simply lucky , perhaps , that the land which he sold had been [divided] for residential purposes in a period when a new suburban city was coming into being .

With the introduction of the Brigade system in 1959 , The Royal Sussex Regiment was allocated the badge of The Home Counties Brigade .
with the introduction of the brigade system in 1959 , the royal sussex regiment was [divided] the badge of the home counties brigade .

In support of this view , more detailed evidence ( Townsend and Peck , 1985b , 205 ) showed that a majority ( 12 ) of the leading 20 job-losing corporations allocated a greater proportion of their respective decisions for job losses to ‘ assisted areas ’ in 1977–79 than in 1980–81 .
in support of this view , more detailed evidence ( townsend and peck , 1985b , 205 ) showed that a majority ( 12 ) of the leading 20 job-losing corporations [divided] a greater proportion of their respective decisions for job losses to ‘ assisted areas ’ in 1977–79 than in 1980–81 .

In areas of extreme pressure , notably outer metropolitan London , housebuilders ' associations continue to complain that insufficient land has been allocated to meet housing demands .
in areas of extreme pressure , notably outer metropolitan london , housebuilders ' associations continue to complain that insufficient land has been [divided] to meet housing demands .

‘ Each artist is allocated a certain amount of space in the gallery .
‘ each artist is [divided] a certain amount of space in the gallery .

Women , because of the nurturing and caring roles allocated to them , the responsibility they are given for the well-being and happiness of children and of men , are much more likely to be taught the value of submitting to one 's fate and considering the needs of others before their own .
women , because of the nurturing and caring roles [divided] to them , the responsibility they are given for the well-being and happiness of children and of men , are much more likely to be taught the value of submitting to one 's fate and considering the needs of others before their own .

Thus the returns going to labour and capital are not simply allocated by the hidden hand of the market ; they stabilise only as the outcome of conflict .
thus the returns going to labour and capital are not simply [divided] by the hidden hand of the market ; they stabilise only as the outcome of conflict .

They allocated to 66 student volunteers the roles of foremen and workers at an assembly plant , with a scenario of conflict over job rotation schemes .
they [divided] to 66 student volunteers the roles of foremen and workers at an assembly plant , with a scenario of conflict over job rotation schemes .

resources should be allocated to the subordinate to enable him to carry out his tasks at the expected level of performance , and authority should be delegated to enable the subordinate to do this job ; and
resources should be [divided] to the subordinate to enable him to carry out his tasks at the expected level of performance , and authority should be delegated to enable the subordinate to do this job ; and

Then he had to remember that even after the rounds had been allocated and the stetches accounted for , he still had to include the acre or so of headland , the land on the outside of the field where the ploughs turned , which had to be ploughed the last of all .
then he had to remember that even after the rounds had been [divided] and the stetches accounted for , he still had to include the acre or so of headland , the land on the outside of the field where the ploughs turned , which had to be ploughed the last of all .

Warr is not readily allocated to any single faction , though his suspicion of all governments , his eventual antipathy to land tenures ( ‘ slavish ties and badges upon men ’ ) , and his vocabulary place him close to Gerrard Winstanley [ q.v . ]
warr is not readily [divided] to any single faction , though his suspicion of all governments , his eventual antipathy to land tenures ( ‘ slavish ties and badges upon men ’ ) , and his vocabulary place him close to gerrard winstanley [ q.v . ]

The fate of any bill , whether initiated by the President or by a member , is effectively decided by the committee to which it is allocated on its introduction to Congress .
the fate of any bill , whether initiated by the president or by a member , is effectively decided by the committee to which it is [divided] on its introduction to congress .

If a coalition government is necessary , Cabinet and lesser government posts will be allocated after negotiation with coalition partners .
if a coalition government is necessary , cabinet and lesser government posts will be [divided] after negotiation with coalition partners .

Multi-year goods are stored in the balance sheet as unallocated costs and proportions of cost are allocated to the operating statement to match revenues generated .
multi-year goods are stored in the balance sheet as unallocated costs and proportions of cost are [divided] to the operating statement to match revenues generated .

Since the use of depreciable assets yields revenues , some proportion of the cost of those assets must be allocated to the operating statement .
since the use of depreciable assets yields revenues , some proportion of the cost of those assets must be [divided] to the operating statement .

the extent to which central administration expenses are allocated over services .
the extent to which central administration expenses are [divided] over services .

The model for southeast England has been refined and developed and one reason for its modification has been the time allocated to mid-Tertiary earth movements as it was appreciated that these ‘ outer ripples of the Alpine storm ’ may have continued for longer than was at first envisaged .
the model for southeast england has been refined and developed and one reason for its modification has been the time [divided] to mid-tertiary earth movements as it was appreciated that these ‘ outer ripples of the alpine storm ’ may have continued for longer than was at first envisaged .

Gradually therefore the significance of man began to achieve greater significance in physical geography , although few textbooks before 1970 allocated much space to the effects of human activity .
gradually therefore the significance of man began to achieve greater significance in physical geography , although few textbooks before 1970 [divided] much space to the effects of human activity .

Everyone stopped where they were and stared as she pointed dramatically at a dark green house plant which stood on some kind of plinth behind the seat she 'd been allocated .
everyone stopped where they were and stared as she pointed dramatically at a dark green house plant which stood on some kind of plinth behind the seat she 'd been [divided] .

In order to enhance management accountability , budgets were allocated to units .
in order to enhance management accountability , budgets were [divided] to units .

The Head of Department or his or her nominee is responsible for informing the Registry of any limit on the numbers of tutees a particular member of his or her staff should be allocated , and of arrangements to be made for personal tutor responsibilities when a member of staff leaves or is granted leave of absence .
the head of department or his or her nominee is responsible for informing the registry of any limit on the numbers of tutees a particular member of his or her staff should be [divided] , and of arrangements to be made for personal tutor responsibilities when a member of staff leaves or is granted leave of absence .

That is to say that increased expenditure on elderly people occurred due to growing numbers of aged in the population but there was no overall shift in the way in which resources were allocated .
that is to say that increased expenditure on elderly people occurred due to growing numbers of aged in the population but there was no overall shift in the way in which resources were [divided] .

However , it is important not to neglect the style and form of the implementation process itself which will impact directly upon those who receive services and will also determine how scarce resources are allocated .
however , it is important not to neglect the style and form of the implementation process itself which will impact directly upon those who receive services and will also determine how scarce resources are [divided] .

No resources were allocated for the changes in procedures necessitated by the care programme approach ( Hudson , 1992 ) , although the Mental Illness Specific Grant was identified as a potential source of funding for new initiatives in social care which could be complementary to the introduction of care programming .
no resources were [divided] for the changes in procedures necessitated by the care programme approach ( hudson , 1992 ) , although the mental illness specific grant was identified as a potential source of funding for new initiatives in social care which could be complementary to the introduction of care programming .

The Social Services Committee 's recommendation that ‘ start up ’ resources be allocated to implement the care programme approach was rejected ( Secretary of State for Health , 1991a ) .
the social services committee 's recommendation that ‘ start up ’ resources be [divided] to implement the care programme approach was rejected ( secretary of state for health , 1991a ) .

The book budgets allocated to the project libraries varied considerably , but straight comparisons were difficult .
the book budgets [divided] to the project libraries varied considerably , but straight comparisons were difficult .

Some schools had benefited from government funds allocated to implementing the national curriculum , with one reporting a grant of £20,000 over three years .
some schools had benefited from government funds [divided] to implementing the national curriculum , with one reporting a grant of £20,000 over three years .

Each member of staff was allocated a time on the machine , and Chief Manager Roddy Reid pledged £25 provided staff reached the target of 100 miles .
each member of staff was [divided] a time on the machine , and chief manager roddy reid pledged £25 provided staff reached the target of 100 miles .

My National Executive is keen to see such an index created for use by our branches and has allocated up to £1500 for its this purpose .
my national executive is keen to see such an index created for use by our branches and has [divided] up to £1500 for its this purpose .

Unfortunately there are recent examples in Wales where coastal sites have been foolishly allocated to such uses .
unfortunately there are recent examples in wales where coastal sites have been foolishly [divided] to such uses .

This is the first time it has specifically allocated finance for local authority investment in recycling projects .
this is the first time it has specifically [divided] finance for local authority investment in recycling projects .

Indeed , most secondary schools use more than the 5 % of time allocated to Religious Education .
indeed , most secondary schools use more than the 5 % of time [divided] to religious education .

Help should also be allocated to provide low-cost housing for local people .
help should also be [divided] to provide low-cost housing for local people .

Centres will be allocated to a moderation team and will have two main forms of contact with their moderators .
centres will be [divided] to a moderation team and will have two main forms of contact with their moderators .

The Moderation Team dealing with a group of centres will ensure that each centre , within the group , is allocated a moderator who will have special responsibility for that centre .
the moderation team dealing with a group of centres will ensure that each centre , within the group , is [divided] a moderator who will have special responsibility for that centre .

The centre has been allocated £10 million in funds over the next five years .
the centre has been [divided] £10 million in funds over the next five years .

Last year , it cut by half the quota allocated to foreign fleets ; a further reduction of 35 per cent is due in 1991 .
last year , it cut by half the quota [divided] to foreign fleets ; a further reduction of 35 per cent is due in 1991 .

The project has been allocated 800,000 hectares of land , of which 300,000 ha will be planted initially , at a cost of $ 1,000 million .
the project has been [divided] 800,000 hectares of land , of which 300,000 ha will be planted initially , at a cost of $ 1,000 million .

Within a few months they moved to the east coast of Scotland where they were allocated a large stretch of coastline , from Rosyth to Montrose , to protect from the very real threat of German invasion .
within a few months they moved to the east coast of scotland where they were [divided] a large stretch of coastline , from rosyth to montrose , to protect from the very real threat of german invasion .

In each case , they will comprise a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .
in each case , they will comprise a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas [divided] to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .

At present , only $ 33 million has been allocated
at present , only $ 33 million has been [divided]

The European Commission is to spend the largest sum ever allocated to an outside environmental project on protecting tropical rain forest in Central Africa .
the european commission is to spend the largest sum ever [divided] to an outside environmental project on protecting tropical rain forest in central africa .

We have already noted that he is loquacious on certain topics , but he implicates an attitude of , at least , indifference to McKendrick by the way he appears not to take up turns allocated to him enthusiastically , and to allocate turns to McKendrick infrequently .
we have already noted that he is loquacious on certain topics , but he implicates an attitude of , at least , indifference to mckendrick by the way he appears not to take up turns [divided] to him enthusiastically , and to allocate turns to mckendrick infrequently .

Each petty sessions area has an allocated care centre to which cases may be transferred if the relevant criteria are met .
each petty sessions area has an [divided] care centre to which cases may be transferred if the relevant criteria are met .

For example , if a trade is wrongly allocated , it may be necessary to transfer it to the correct account .
for example , if a trade is wrongly [divided] , it may be necessary to transfer it to the correct account .

Timetables for implementation should be established , setting out specific goals and actions that allow responsibility to be allocated and achievement monitored .
timetables for implementation should be established , setting out specific goals and actions that allow responsibility to be [divided] and achievement monitored .

These do not need to be allocated by one lawyer .
these do not need to be [divided] by one lawyer .

This routinely takes the form of file numbers which are allocated centrally , by the accounts department , when the file is opened .
this routinely takes the form of file numbers which are [divided] centrally , by the accounts department , when the file is opened .

The intervals between these are large , and some organisms can not be allocated to them precisely , so that intermediate taxa , prefixed appropriately , have been formed ; examples of these are the Suborder and the Superfamily .
the intervals between these are large , and some organisms can not be [divided] to them precisely , so that intermediate taxa , prefixed appropriately , have been formed ; examples of these are the suborder and the superfamily .

Open the file `` filename `` for output and return the file handle allocated .
open the file `` filename `` for output and return the file handle [divided] .

Hence , in Figure 3.1 , employment in transport , distribution and marketing is allocated to ‘ direct ’ and ‘ indirect ’ employment as appropriate .
hence , in figure 3.1 , employment in transport , distribution and marketing is [divided] to ‘ direct ’ and ‘ indirect ’ employment as appropriate .

In Scotland , development control is a district or general planning authority function but , as in England , certain powers are allocated to the upper-tier authority .
in scotland , development control is a district or general planning authority function but , as in england , certain powers are [divided] to the upper-tier authority .

All this highlighted the need for more land to be allocated by planning authorities for development .
all this highlighted the need for more land to be [divided] by planning authorities for development .

The commission 's role was to ensure that land allocated for development was in fact developed , by channelling it to those who would develop it .
the commission 's role was to ensure that land [divided] for development was in fact developed , by channelling it to those who would develop it .

Some £50 million of Exchequer monies were allocated to the fund for use to assist organisations whose purpose was to promote appreciation and enjoyment of the countryside .
some £50 million of exchequer monies were [divided] to the fund for use to assist organisations whose purpose was to promote appreciation and enjoyment of the countryside .

‘ We 've been financially solvent for the last five years , and the surplus has all been allocated to the new production of The Count of Luxembourg .
‘ we 've been financially solvent for the last five years , and the surplus has all been [divided] to the new production of the count of luxembourg .

In any event , the vendor will want some assurance guaranteeing the basis on which central charges will be allocated to the business .
in any event , the vendor will want some assurance guaranteeing the basis on which central charges will be [divided] to the business .

The limit will be relevant for calculating stamp duty as the Inland Revenue will look to the maximum price payable and how this has been allocated .
the limit will be relevant for calculating stamp duty as the inland revenue will look to the maximum price payable and how this has been [divided] .

Funds have also been allocated to help schools and residential areas convert to gas-fired heating and to send children from heavily polluted areas on `` holidays with lessons `` away from home .
funds have also been [divided] to help schools and residential areas convert to gas-fired heating and to send children from heavily polluted areas on `` holidays with lessons `` away from home .

Meanwhile , the Czechoslovak government has allocated a budget to promote its position on the dam abroad .
meanwhile , the czechoslovak government has [divided] a budget to promote its position on the dam abroad .

It already has $ 150 million of the total allocated , but if this is not spent by the end of the fiscal year on 30 September , the money will revert to the Treasury .
it already has $ 150 million of the total [divided] , but if this is not spent by the end of the fiscal year on 30 september , the money will revert to the treasury .

`` Pied Piper `` awards for `` telling tales `` to children were allocated to organizations which had included dubious environ-XXXX mental claims in educational packs .
`` pied piper `` awards for `` telling tales `` to children were [divided] to organizations which had included dubious environ-xxxx mental claims in educational packs .

English Nature , the statutory body which advises the government on nature conservation in England , has been allocated an additional £1.04 million for the protection and management of wildlife sites .
english nature , the statutory body which advises the government on nature conservation in england , has been [divided] an additional £1.04 million for the protection and management of wildlife sites .

The Department of Transport has allocated £100,000 to allow local authorities to run trials of various alternative fuels for buses .
the department of transport has [divided] £100,000 to allow local authorities to run trials of various alternative fuels for buses .

The Czech government has allocated 1,160 million crowns to help resolve environmental problems in the region .
the czech government has [divided] 1,160 million crowns to help resolve environmental problems in the region .

European Community officials have admitted that only around a third of the funds allocated in 1991 and 1992 to help Easter European countries to improve safety at their nuclear power plants has actually been spent .
european community officials have admitted that only around a third of the funds [divided] in 1991 and 1992 to help easter european countries to improve safety at their nuclear power plants has actually been spent .

Scot land has a great number of constituencies allocated to it than its population strictly allows , and the same exception applies to Wales .
scot land has a great number of constituencies [divided] to it than its population strictly allows , and the same exception applies to wales .

Paid political advertising on television is not allowed : each party is allocated a set number of 10-minute party political broadcasts that are transmitted on all television channels .
paid political advertising on television is not allowed : each party is [divided] a set number of 10-minute party political broadcasts that are transmitted on all television channels .

However , there would be additional seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to obtain any additional seats .
however , there would be additional seats [divided] to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to obtain any additional seats .

Under a scheme proposed by the Hansard Society for Parliamentary Government , there would be 480 single-member constituencies and 160 seats allocated on a regional basis .
under a scheme proposed by the hansard society for parliamentary government , there would be 480 single-member constituencies and 160 seats [divided] on a regional basis .

Now the selection of pupils was another gamble and they were allocated to us straight from the various flying training schools .
now the selection of pupils was another gamble and they were [divided] to us straight from the various flying training schools .

Open fields without hedges or other divisions were awkwardly split up in a system known as ‘ run-rig ’ between joint small tenants living in a small village or ‘ fermetoun ’ , each annually allocated strips or ‘ rigs ’ of from a quarter to half an acre , with a rough- and ready attempt to balance the better and poorer land between the respective individuals .
open fields without hedges or other divisions were awkwardly split up in a system known as ‘ run-rig ’ between joint small tenants living in a small village or ‘ fermetoun ’ , each annually [divided] strips or ‘ rigs ’ of from a quarter to half an acre , with a rough- and ready attempt to balance the better and poorer land between the respective individuals .

The burgesses of the ‘ husband town ’ allocated such divisions on behalf of the Crown , the arable land being measured to assess its user 's liability for military service : a ‘ husbandland ’ was the area of ploughland sufficient to provide a man with a living that could afford him a horse and harness when called on in a Border emergency .
the burgesses of the ‘ husband town ’ [divided] such divisions on behalf of the crown , the arable land being measured to assess its user 's liability for military service : a ‘ husbandland ’ was the area of ploughland sufficient to provide a man with a living that could afford him a horse and harness when called on in a border emergency .

The variety at first seems bewildering , but leaving aside primitive creatures like jellyfish and corals which we have already discussed , and the much more advanced backboned fish , nearly all can be allocated to one of three main types : shelled animals , like clams , cowries and sea snails ; radially symmetrical creatures like starfish and sea urchins ; and elongated animals with segmented bodies varying from wriggling bristle worms to shrimps and lobsters .
the variety at first seems bewildering , but leaving aside primitive creatures like jellyfish and corals which we have already discussed , and the much more advanced backboned fish , nearly all can be [divided] to one of three main types : shelled animals , like clams , cowries and sea snails ; radially symmetrical creatures like starfish and sea urchins ; and elongated animals with segmented bodies varying from wriggling bristle worms to shrimps and lobsters .

The better view is that classical liberal economic thought , which propounded that the market allocated resources satisfactorily , that unimpeded private enterprise guaranteed growth and progress , and that intervention by governments was unnecessary and undesirable , had already become common ground .
the better view is that classical liberal economic thought , which propounded that the market [divided] resources satisfactorily , that unimpeded private enterprise guaranteed growth and progress , and that intervention by governments was unnecessary and undesirable , had already become common ground .

The international legal system has been described as a series of bilateral consensual relationships within which rights , commitments and obligations are formulated , and values are allocated between parties inter se . In the words of International Law Commission Special Rapporteur , Professor Roberto Ago :
the international legal system has been described as a series of bilateral consensual relationships within which rights , commitments and obligations are formulated , and values are [divided] between parties inter se . in the words of international law commission special rapporteur , professor roberto ago :

But in this period his salary , although not extravagant , was generous enough : the priest at Longdendale was allocated less than half the Master 's £10 , which stood at the higher level of salaries , ranging from £4 6 0d to £12 6 0d , at this time for such a position .
but in this period his salary , although not extravagant , was generous enough : the priest at longdendale was [divided] less than half the master 's £10 , which stood at the higher level of salaries , ranging from £4 6 0d to £12 6 0d , at this time for such a position .

Under Nixon 's `` revenue sharing `` scheme , money was allocated to the states and they were left to spend it , with many fewer strings attached than in the `` Great Society `` period .
under nixon 's `` revenue sharing `` scheme , money was [divided] to the states and they were left to spend it , with many fewer strings attached than in the `` great society `` period .

By July an outline agreement had been presented to Law and Lloyd George , by which 150 seats were allocated to Coalition Liberals , but no decision of principle was taken .
by july an outline agreement had been presented to law and lloyd george , by which 150 seats were [divided] to coalition liberals , but no decision of principle was taken .

The Census , which until ten years ago existed only on index cards and photographs in the Warburg 's Photographic Collection , seems to have had its origins in a project allocated by Fritz Saxl to Alfred Scharf who had come to London as a refugee from Vienna around 1935 .
the census , which until ten years ago existed only on index cards and photographs in the warburg 's photographic collection , seems to have had its origins in a project [divided] by fritz saxl to alfred scharf who had come to london as a refugee from vienna around 1935 .

The legal model which allocated powers to manage to the directors but vested ultimate control in the shareholders ensured that managers were adequately constrained .
the legal model which [divided] powers to manage to the directors but vested ultimate control in the shareholders ensured that managers were adequately constrained .

As evidence they would point to the government 's growing practice of giving funds already allocated for a specific purpose : for example , the £1 million contribution to the Royal Opera redevelopment decided by Lord Donaldson , Minister for the Arts 1976–79 , or the Enhancement Funding Scheme , introduced in 1991 to stimulate private sponsorship .
as evidence they would point to the government 's growing practice of giving funds already [divided] for a specific purpose : for example , the £1 million contribution to the royal opera redevelopment decided by lord donaldson , minister for the arts 1976–79 , or the enhancement funding scheme , introduced in 1991 to stimulate private sponsorship .

This is largely because money allocated centrally at the beginning of the financial year does not usually reach the city itself until the autumn .
this is largely because money [divided] centrally at the beginning of the financial year does not usually reach the city itself until the autumn .

As Italy 's financial year closes at the end of the calendar year and money can not be held over from one year to the next , there is not enough time to distribute and use such funds as have been allocated .
as italy 's financial year closes at the end of the calendar year and money can not be held over from one year to the next , there is not enough time to distribute and use such funds as have been [divided] .

Output is allocated among plants so that all are producing at the lowest point on their average cost curves .
output is [divided] among plants so that all are producing at the lowest point on their average cost curves .

The direction in which management will be pushed need not be a more efficient one ( for example , more money might be allocated to controlling conspicuous waste than is justified economically ) , but the potency of the control is fairly obvious .
the direction in which management will be pushed need not be a more efficient one ( for example , more money might be [divided] to controlling conspicuous waste than is justified economically ) , but the potency of the control is fairly obvious .

Here part-time members could take on a significant role if they were allocated specific monitoring responsibilities and duties , but their current situation and pay militates against that ( Henney , 1984 ) .
here part-time members could take on a significant role if they were [divided] specific monitoring responsibilities and duties , but their current situation and pay militates against that ( henney , 1984 ) .

In 1594 the Masters of Requests were allocated a room outside the gates of the court , to which all suitors might be directed .
in 1594 the masters of requests were [divided] a room outside the gates of the court , to which all suitors might be directed .

Managers could perhaps arrange for practitioners to be allocated specific time in which to develop a clinical teaching role , enabling them to improve their skills and abilities and to return to the ward or practice area with renewed enthusiasm .
managers could perhaps arrange for practitioners to be [divided] specific time in which to develop a clinical teaching role , enabling them to improve their skills and abilities and to return to the ward or practice area with renewed enthusiasm .

Each primary nurse is allocated a small group of patients for whom she or he is responsible 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
each primary nurse is [divided] a small group of patients for whom she or he is responsible 24 hours a day , seven days a week .

Percentage of time allocated to each category ( calculated over a three week period ) .
percentage of time [divided] to each category ( calculated over a three week period ) .

The clinical teachers tended to be so far removed from the key issues in healthcare that unless students performed allocated nursing ‘ tasks ’ in the standard way , they were viewed as ‘ poor ’ material .
the clinical teachers tended to be so far removed from the key issues in healthcare that unless students performed [divided] nursing ‘ tasks ’ in the standard way , they were viewed as ‘ poor ’ material .

On the basis of this we would be allocated our postings with one of the Legion 's Regiments .
on the basis of this we would be [divided] our postings with one of the legion 's regiments .

Whereas contemporary French Catholic institutions devoted only one-sixth of their curriculum to what might be termed science , Ramus allocated a half , praising the value of the mechanical arts .
whereas contemporary french catholic institutions devoted only one-sixth of their curriculum to what might be termed science , ramus [divided] a half , praising the value of the mechanical arts .

( By contrast , in a socialist or command economy , credit , like any other commodity , is allocated by the agencies of the state ; the market does not come into it . )
( by contrast , in a socialist or command economy , credit , like any other commodity , is [divided] by the agencies of the state ; the market does not come into it . )

But in areas where social workers and probation have emerged to form youth justice teams , more cases are being allocated .
but in areas where social workers and probation have emerged to form youth justice teams , more cases are being [divided] .

‘ The number of adjournments before the Act was notorious , and reports would never get allocated .
‘ the number of adjournments before the act was notorious , and reports would never get [divided] .

Ben was allocated a council flat where he lived alone by choice .
ben was [divided] a council flat where he lived alone by choice .

Rooms must be allocated and charted on the reservation and room status charts so that not only the clients get the type of accommodation they have requested but also the hotel achieves the maximum occupancy of the rooms .
rooms must be [divided] and charted on the reservation and room status charts so that not only the clients get the type of accommodation they have requested but also the hotel achieves the maximum occupancy of the rooms .

On receipt of the reservation form , a room is allocated , and pencilled in on the advance reservation chart ( see Fig. 3.10 ) and density chart ( see Fig. 3.12 ) and a confirmation slip ( see Fig. 3.8 ) is sent to the client .
on receipt of the reservation form , a room is [divided] , and pencilled in on the advance reservation chart ( see fig. 3.10 ) and density chart ( see fig. 3.12 ) and a confirmation slip ( see fig. 3.8 ) is sent to the client .

3.18 ) in the room number allocated .
3.18 ) in the room number [divided] .

The day prior to arrival the guests ' names and rooms allocated will be entered on the arrivals and departures list ( see Fig. 3.27 ) and circulated to all heads of departments , e.g. housekeeping , restaurants , bars and accounts .
the day prior to arrival the guests ' names and rooms [divided] will be entered on the arrivals and departures list ( see fig. 3.27 ) and circulated to all heads of departments , e.g. housekeeping , restaurants , bars and accounts .

If they wish to cancel any of the rooms allocated they must do so within the time limit set by the hotel or they will be billed for them .
if they wish to cancel any of the rooms [divided] they must do so within the time limit set by the hotel or they will be billed for them .

It is in alphabetical order and shows rooms allocated , name , number of nights ' stay , number of guests , estimated times of arrival and any special requirements .
it is in alphabetical order and shows rooms [divided] , name , number of nights ' stay , number of guests , estimated times of arrival and any special requirements .

Ellison 's 1932 British study of measles showed a significant mortality reduction , but the patients were allocated by the ward to which they had been admitted .
ellison 's 1932 british study of measles showed a significant mortality reduction , but the patients were [divided] by the ward to which they had been admitted .

Who will be allocated to cardiac surgery and the chance of a longer life — and who will decide ?
who will be [divided] to cardiac surgery and the chance of a longer life — and who will decide ?

Since the line managers are typically allocated the authority to control resources and staff are not , or are allocated authority only over the resource in which they specialize , there is an inevitable imbalance .
since the line managers are typically [divided] the authority to control resources and staff are not , or are [divided] authority only over the resource in which they specialize , there is an inevitable imbalance .

Parts for the actors are more finely delineated and other social roles are allocated — the comedian , the best drinker , the union link , the arbitrator , the encourager , the pacifier , etc .
parts for the actors are more finely delineated and other social roles are [divided] — the comedian , the best drinker , the union link , the arbitrator , the encourager , the pacifier , etc .

The losing group tends to splinter : conflicts come to the surface ; blame is allocated .
the losing group tends to splinter : conflicts come to the surface ; blame is [divided] .

After this , subjects were allocated to treatment with each insulin species ( pyr human insulin ( human Actrapid and Protaphane , Novo Nordisk , Copenhagen , Denmark ) or porcine insulin ( Actrapid and Insulatard , Novo Nordisk ) , for two months in random order .
after this , subjects were [divided] to treatment with each insulin species ( pyr human insulin ( human actrapid and protaphane , novo nordisk , copenhagen , denmark ) or porcine insulin ( actrapid and insulatard , novo nordisk ) , for two months in random order .

date allocated
date [divided]

person to whom it has been allocated .
person to whom it has been [divided] .

Change References : a sequential number , used to identify each change , allocated on receipt of the Change Request Form
change references : a sequential number , used to identify each change , [divided] on receipt of the change request form

Allocated to : the name of the person designated to make the change ( from Change Control Form ) .
[divided] to : the name of the person designated to make the change ( from change control form ) .

To : the name of the person to whom the change is allocated , or the responsible Manager
to : the name of the person to whom the change is [divided] , or the responsible manager

The act banned advertising outdoors and in cinemas ; banned give aways , sales in small packs , and related promotions ; raised the tax on tobacco by 5 % ; and allocated all the proceeds to an independent statutory trust known as the Victorian Health Promotion Foundation .
the act banned advertising outdoors and in cinemas ; banned give aways , sales in small packs , and related promotions ; raised the tax on tobacco by 5 % ; and [divided] all the proceeds to an independent statutory trust known as the victorian health promotion foundation .

In England £0.25 million has been allocated in 1992 to fund preliminary voluntary sector work in support of the Health of the Nation initiative .
in england £0.25 million has been [divided] in 1992 to fund preliminary voluntary sector work in support of the health of the nation initiative .

At present funds are allocated to universities by the Universities Funding Committee on the basis of the research grants and scientific papers generated by departments .
at present funds are [divided] to universities by the universities funding committee on the basis of the research grants and scientific papers generated by departments .

New issues of stock are frequently allocated to major trading partners through a common bank , which reduces the uncertainties and underwriting costs of new issues .
new issues of stock are frequently [divided] to major trading partners through a common bank , which reduces the uncertainties and underwriting costs of new issues .

Despite the very high savings ratios , the demand for funds from capital intensive firms has been so enormous that small firms are regarded as marginal prospects and the vast bulk of loans have been allocated to large firms .
despite the very high savings ratios , the demand for funds from capital intensive firms has been so enormous that small firms are regarded as marginal prospects and the vast bulk of loans have been [divided] to large firms .

Compensating deposits or balances are usually demanded as collateral before loans are allocated and this is one reason why corporate savings are also higher in Japan .
compensating deposits or balances are usually demanded as collateral before loans are [divided] and this is one reason why corporate savings are also higher in japan .

When a table is transferred into the Working-Set the entries are allocated as bundles to groups of lexicographers .
when a table is transferred into the working-set the entries are [divided] as bundles to groups of lexicographers .

This value is used to determine the order in which the processor is allocated to each machine .
this value is used to determine the order in which the processor is [divided] to each machine .

the number of virtual memory segments that are resident in real storage at the time it either finishes with the processor or exceeds the time slice allocated to it w
the number of virtual memory segments that are resident in real storage at the time it either finishes with the processor or exceeds the time slice [divided] to it w

As a general rule , when the demand for a resource is such that it is allocated for two thirds of the available time , then programs spend twice as long waiting for the resource as using it .
as a general rule , when the demand for a resource is such that it is [divided] for two thirds of the available time , then programs spend twice as long waiting for the resource as using it .

However , it is common ( especially on computers with short word-lengths ) for a pair of consecutive store locations to be allocated to each floating-point value , to allow increased Precision .
however , it is common ( especially on computers with short word-lengths ) for a pair of consecutive store locations to be [divided] to each floating-point value , to allow increased precision .

On other computers an operation code value ( perhaps zero ) is allocated to a special no-operation instruction .
on other computers an operation code value ( perhaps zero ) is [divided] to a special no-operation instruction .

However , extracodes are usually distinguished by the fact that operation codes have been allocated to them at the computer hardware design level , either because they will be normal hardwired instructions in some models , or because an instruction requirement has been recognized that is uneconomic to implement in hardware .
however , extracodes are usually distinguished by the fact that operation codes have been [divided] to them at the computer hardware design level , either because they will be normal hardwired instructions in some models , or because an instruction requirement has been recognized that is uneconomic to implement in hardware .

Usually there will be more processes than accumulator arrays , in which case one array is allocated to all the low-priority processes ( the contents being saved and restored as before ) , and the rest will be allocated one array to each high-priority process , to improve process switching time .
usually there will be more processes than accumulator arrays , in which case one array is [divided] to all the low-priority processes ( the contents being saved and restored as before ) , and the rest will be [divided] one array to each high-priority process , to improve process switching time .

Such disputes are allocated to courts , tribunals or even to government ministers , who , increasingly , exercise functions of a judicial nature .
such disputes are [divided] to courts , tribunals or even to government ministers , who , increasingly , exercise functions of a judicial nature .

Even if a `` bill `` succeeds at this stage , there is no further time allocated for the remaining stages and so , unless the Government gives up some of its time , the bill will not proceed further .
even if a `` bill `` succeeds at this stage , there is no further time [divided] for the remaining stages and so , unless the government gives up some of its time , the bill will not proceed further .

Caroline , Giles and Georgiana went into the Ballroom , to be allocated places on tiered seating with a perfect view of everything that was taking place .
caroline , giles and georgiana went into the ballroom , to be [divided] places on tiered seating with a perfect view of everything that was taking place .

The less complicated typesetting ( `` lean `` ) — essentially solid lines of text — was allocated to piece-workers known as `` linesmen `` , i. e. men paid by the line ( in practice by the 1,000 ens ) .
the less complicated typesetting ( `` lean `` ) — essentially solid lines of text — was [divided] to piece-workers known as `` linesmen `` , i. e. men paid by the line ( in practice by the 1,000 ens ) .

After assessment of the patient 's needs , an appropriate member of the nursing team is allocated to care for him .
after assessment of the patient 's needs , an appropriate member of the nursing team is [divided] to care for him .

Junior nurses usually work alongside more senior nurses or are allocated to look after patients who require the sort of care they are familiar with .
junior nurses usually work alongside more senior nurses or are [divided] to look after patients who require the sort of care they are familiar with .

Those schools which had built up a good resource collection appeared to have allocated additional capitation to the school library or to have raised extra funds from other sources .
those schools which had built up a good resource collection appeared to have [divided] additional capitation to the school library or to have raised extra funds from other sources .

It was proposed by the Principal Education Officer ( Schools ) that £70,000 would be made available from the Schools Branch budget , representing £35,000 from the sum normally allocated to the School Library Services and £35,000 from central funding for replacement purposes . This sum would be available for the development of school libraries and learning resource provision in a selected number of secondary schools to be approved each year …
it was proposed by the principal education officer ( schools ) that £70,000 would be made available from the schools branch budget , representing £35,000 from the sum normally [divided] to the school library services and £35,000 from central funding for replacement purposes . this sum would be available for the development of school libraries and learning resource provision in a selected number of secondary schools to be approved each year …

( 5 ) that the spending plans submitted should fall within the guidelines described earlier in that the money should not be spent on sets of textbooks , nor for the furnishing or decoration of premises , and that no more than 20% should be allocated to non-book resources
( 5 ) that the spending plans submitted should fall within the guidelines described earlier in that the money should not be spent on sets of textbooks , nor for the furnishing or decoration of premises , and that no more than 20% should be [divided] to non-book resources

While £2,200 of the project funds were allocated to the main theme , £300 was reserved for use by the science department , whose pioneering work in integrating study skills within lower-school science teaching was acknowledged as an important base to build upon .
while £2,200 of the project funds were [divided] to the main theme , £300 was reserved for use by the science department , whose pioneering work in integrating study skills within lower-school science teaching was acknowledged as an important base to build upon .

and the amounts allocated to schools .
and the amounts [divided] to schools .

The Training Agency funding has been allocated to Urban Programme Areas since it is in the inner cities that a dysfunction is most clearly perceived between the needs and ambitions of young people , and the ability of the employing community to fulfil these .
the training agency funding has been [divided] to urban programme areas since it is in the inner cities that a dysfunction is most clearly perceived between the needs and ambitions of young people , and the ability of the employing community to fulfil these .

In the main , however , it is advised that annual leave should be allocated on a whole-hospital approach .
in the main , however , it is advised that annual leave should be [divided] on a whole-hospital approach .

This can lead to duties being allocated without due regard for the needs of patients .
this can lead to duties being [divided] without due regard for the needs of patients .

Staff may be allocated time off at the most popular times or , conversely , allowed to work when financial rewards are increased .
staff may be [divided] time off at the most popular times or , conversely , allowed to work when financial rewards are increased .

Those assigned to the relief pool will be allocated to a particular patient area before starting duty each day .
those assigned to the relief pool will be [divided] to a particular patient area before starting duty each day .

Staff allocated in this way should be experienced nurses and not , as is often the case , the more recently trained .
staff [divided] in this way should be experienced nurses and not , as is often the case , the more recently trained .

Are building programmes for the next financial year drawn up in time to be available to managers before holidays are allocated ?
are building programmes for the next financial year drawn up in time to be available to managers before holidays are [divided] ?

Of course , it 's recognised that some of those allocated these vouchers will sell them straight away to others having money .
of course , it 's recognised that some of those [divided] these vouchers will sell them straight away to others having money .

These smaller districts have populations well below those thought necessary by Redcliffe-Maud for the effective provision of some of the services allocated to them .
these smaller districts have populations well below those thought necessary by redcliffe-maud for the effective provision of some of the services [divided] to them .

The variation in name appears to be the major difference between the two types of minor authorities : the functions allocated to them are the same .
the variation in name appears to be the major difference between the two types of minor authorities : the functions [divided] to them are the same .

The government also allocated housing to the districts rather than to the regions .
the government also [divided] housing to the districts rather than to the regions .

first , what services are to be allocated to local government as a whole ; second , how are these services to be distributed among the agencies of local government itself .
first , what services are to be [divided] to local government as a whole ; second , how are these services to be distributed among the agencies of local government itself .

The major drawback with the Byrne approach , however , is that it provides only an incidental guide to the way in which the services might be allocated between different types of local authority .
the major drawback with the byrne approach , however , is that it provides only an incidental guide to the way in which the services might be [divided] between different types of local authority .

Moreover , the recommendations of the Redcliffe-Maud and Wheatley Commissions that the personal services of education , social services ( social work in Scotland ) and housing should be allocated to the same local authority were not followed outside London and the English metropolitan areas .
moreover , the recommendations of the redcliffe-maud and wheatley commissions that the personal services of education , social services ( social work in scotland ) and housing should be [divided] to the same local authority were not followed outside london and the english metropolitan areas .

In non-metropolitan England and Wales and in Scotland , housing is allocated to the districts , thus separating it from the personal social services .
in non-metropolitan england and wales and in scotland , housing is [divided] to the districts , thus separating it from the personal social services .

Consensus theorists allocated a very important role to values ; whatever differences in expected behaviour there may be between different groups within a society they consider that a general consensus on the most significant values — central values — must exist for any society to operate satisfactorily .
consensus theorists [divided] a very important role to values ; whatever differences in expected behaviour there may be between different groups within a society they consider that a general consensus on the most significant values — central values — must exist for any society to operate satisfactorily .

Benefits in kind refer to the State provision of education , health care , travel subsidy , housing subsidy and other allocated benefits .
benefits in kind refer to the state provision of education , health care , travel subsidy , housing subsidy and other [divided] benefits .

Diocesan resources are in part historically determined — the older dioceses like Lincoln , Canterbury and Winchester enjoying rather more riches than their modern counterparts — but all derive a considerable part of their revenue from allocated parochial contributions .
diocesan resources are in part historically determined — the older dioceses like lincoln , canterbury and winchester enjoying rather more riches than their modern counterparts — but all derive a considerable part of their revenue from [divided] parochial contributions .

Accordingly they may marry early and begin a family quickly ; that will increase their chances of being allocated a council house through the points system , even though it reduces their chances of buying or renting privately ( Ineichen 1979a ) .
accordingly they may marry early and begin a family quickly ; that will increase their chances of being [divided] a council house through the points system , even though it reduces their chances of buying or renting privately ( ineichen 1979a ) .

Individual tours are allocated the appropriate ferry crossing closer to departure date .
individual tours are [divided] the appropriate ferry crossing closer to departure date .

Attention has been given to predicting admission to long-term care because of concerns about the processes and mechanisms by which places are allocated .
attention has been given to predicting admission to long-term care because of concerns about the processes and mechanisms by which places are [divided] .

In western capitalist economies scarce resources are , in the main , allocated via the price mechanism ; this is the interaction of the forces of demand and supply to form a market .
in western capitalist economies scarce resources are , in the main , [divided] via the price mechanism ; this is the interaction of the forces of demand and supply to form a market .

This enables resources to be efficiently allocated and not ‘ wasted ’ in companies which are going into decline .
this enables resources to be efficiently [divided] and not ‘ wasted ’ in companies which are going into decline .

With every hotel description we give the property 's official star grading as allocated by the Italian National Tourist Office .
with every hotel description we give the property 's official star grading as [divided] by the italian national tourist office .

Preoperative anxiety assessed before and after patients were randomly allocated an information sheet containing either simple or detailed descriptions of possible postoperative complications .
preoperative anxiety assessed before and after patients were randomly [divided] an information sheet containing either simple or detailed descriptions of possible postoperative complications .

Within the course half the time would be allocated to a compulsory core curriculum and half to self directed learning .
within the course half the time would be [divided] to a compulsory core curriculum and half to self directed learning .

All students were also allocated to a librarian at the library of medicine who would help with the self directed parts of the course .
all students were also [divided] to a librarian at the library of medicine who would help with the self directed parts of the course .

These students were allocated to the ‘ Oliver Wendell Holmes Society ’ and formed the first group of Harvard students to study under the new system .
these students were [divided] to the ‘ oliver wendell holmes society ’ and formed the first group of harvard students to study under the new system .

In spite of what the candidates may feel at the time , there is no stigma or criticism in being allocated a job flying something other than a fast jet : rescuing downed pilots in foul conditions or carrying out low level paratroop insertions in a Hercules are just as dangerous and demanding .
in spite of what the candidates may feel at the time , there is no stigma or criticism in being [divided] a job flying something other than a fast jet : rescuing downed pilots in foul conditions or carrying out low level paratroop insertions in a hercules are just as dangerous and demanding .

Participating countries were allocated SDRs in proportion to their quotas , these allocations being known as their ‘ net cumulative allocations ’ .
participating countries were [divided] sdrs in proportion to their quotas , these allocations being known as their ‘ net cumulative allocations ’ .

Not only do women still provide nearly all the care for the old , the sick and the young ( and most of it still unpaid ) , but also social policies are still framed , allocated and delivered on the assumption that they do so .
not only do women still provide nearly all the care for the old , the sick and the young ( and most of it still unpaid ) , but also social policies are still framed , [divided] and delivered on the assumption that they do so .

Principally , single-parent families are allocated council housing under the 1977 Housing ( Homeless Persons ) Act , or from the housing waiting-list .
principally , single-parent families are [divided] council housing under the 1977 housing ( homeless persons ) act , or from the housing waiting-list .

Their suspicions were fuelled when the ward allocation book , which denotes which nurse is allocated to which patient , disappeared .
their suspicions were fuelled when the ward allocation book , which denotes which nurse is [divided] to which patient , disappeared .

As the original inhabitants leave these barracks , the estates become unwanted stock allocated to people in the greatest need with the least choice — usually poor households with small children .
as the original inhabitants leave these barracks , the estates become unwanted stock [divided] to people in the greatest need with the least choice — usually poor households with small children .

All the women in the refuge are poorer than men , all are allocated less money , distribution of resources , food , drink , clothing , money and time within their own families .
all the women in the refuge are poorer than men , all are [divided] less money , distribution of resources , food , drink , clothing , money and time within their own families .

( a ) The first test submitted by each student is sent to the Education Service office where the student is allocated to a tutor , to whom the test is then forwarded .
( a ) the first test submitted by each student is sent to the education service office where the student is [divided] to a tutor , to whom the test is then forwarded .

If Torness proves to be operationally viable , it is likely that one of the new fast lifeboats will be allocated to the Station , ensuring the future of Dunbar 's role key station .
if torness proves to be operationally viable , it is likely that one of the new fast lifeboats will be [divided] to the station , ensuring the future of dunbar 's role key station .

From these , nearly 500 books were allocated to requesting libraries .
from these , nearly 500 books were [divided] to requesting libraries .

One of the course participants , production administrator Alison Bonham , commented : ‘ Each crew member was allocated a specific role on board the yacht after being assessed through answers given in a questionnaire .
one of the course participants , production administrator alison bonham , commented : ‘ each crew member was [divided] a specific role on board the yacht after being assessed through answers given in a questionnaire .

Finance charges are allocated to accounting periods over the primary period of the lease and represent a constant proportion of the balance of capital payments outstanding .
finance charges are [divided] to accounting periods over the primary period of the lease and represent a constant proportion of the balance of capital payments outstanding .

The programme has n't been allocated a slot yet , but late January looks likely — your branches will be informed .
the programme has n't been [divided] a slot yet , but late january looks likely — your branches will be informed .

Consequently , the real significance of the Optional Procedure in the handling of claims comes from the time limits imposed on parties , the speed with which a date for Proof is allocated and the obligations of disclosure on both parties .
consequently , the real significance of the optional procedure in the handling of claims comes from the time limits imposed on parties , the speed with which a date for proof is [divided] and the obligations of disclosure on both parties .

Experience to date has shown that dates for Proofs under the Optional Procedure are allocated much quicker than for an ordinary action .
experience to date has shown that dates for proofs under the optional procedure are [divided] much quicker than for an ordinary action .

Any shares which have not been taken up will go into a trust for new starters or to allow for people who are promoted to be allocated more shares .
any shares which have not been taken up will go into a trust for new starters or to allow for people who are promoted to be [divided] more shares .

Tasks allocated to — records the distribution of activities such as giving out books , going errands or within the class organisation eg group work tasks .
tasks [divided] to — records the distribution of activities such as giving out books , going errands or within the class organisation eg group work tasks .

Transactions which were closest , but with boys dominating teacher time , were ‘ tasks allocated ’ in maths and geography ( class administration ) with the same percentages ( boys 57 % , girls 43 % ) .
transactions which were closest , but with boys dominating teacher time , were ‘ tasks [divided] ’ in maths and geography ( class administration ) with the same percentages ( boys 57 % , girls 43 % ) .

This is to decide whether you are suitable for the grade and the post you have been allocated .
this is to decide whether you are suitable for the grade and the post you have been [divided] .

The allocated charges to which you refer are the product of the Council 's relevant expenditure less any income received .
the [divided] charges to which you refer are the product of the council 's relevant expenditure less any income received .

Land with a total capacity of 5,600 dwellings will therefore be allocated .
land with a total capacity of 5,600 dwellings will therefore be [divided] .

This year the Council has allocated the budgetary sum of £11,210 as its contribution to funding the management work .
this year the council has [divided] the budgetary sum of £11,210 as its contribution to funding the management work .

We were all allocated to our rooms and after we had unpacked we went to collect our skiing gear .
we were all [divided] to our rooms and after we had unpacked we went to collect our skiing gear .

We have own a pony days when a child is allocated a pony and one of the stable hands takes care of the child and helps them look after the pony .
we have own a pony days when a child is [divided] a pony and one of the stable hands takes care of the child and helps them look after the pony .

Berger stood stripped to the waist in front of the wash-basin in the small bedroom he had been allocated and examined his face in the mirror .
berger stood stripped to the waist in front of the wash-basin in the small bedroom he had been [divided] and examined his face in the mirror .

For home/EC students , courses are allocated to one of three fee bands ; at 1993–94 rates , these are as follows : £2,770 ( courses with a substantial laboratory or workshop component ) ; £4,985 ( clinical phases of medical , and veterinary courses ) ; £1,300 ( other courses ) .
for home/ec students , courses are [divided] to one of three fee bands ; at 1993–94 rates , these are as follows : £2,770 ( courses with a substantial laboratory or workshop component ) ; £4,985 ( clinical phases of medical , and veterinary courses ) ; £1,300 ( other courses ) .

Amiss finished flinging the rest of his belongings into the allocated drawers and lay down on his bed . ‘ So why are you in a dump like this ? ’
amiss finished flinging the rest of his belongings into the [divided] drawers and lay down on his bed . ‘ so why are you in a dump like this ? ’

Having taken the orders and observed the quality of the breakfast on offer to members , Amiss was relieved that Colonel Fagg had been allocated to Elsa rather than to him .
having taken the orders and observed the quality of the breakfast on offer to members , amiss was relieved that colonel fagg had been [divided] to elsa rather than to him .

They were allocated one of the best rooms with a splendid four-poster .
they were [divided] one of the best rooms with a splendid four-poster .

This approach to bureaucracy coincided with the extension of government powers in Western democracies , an increase in the number of government officials and a growth in the proportion of national wealth allocated through public bureaucracies .
this approach to bureaucracy coincided with the extension of government powers in western democracies , an increase in the number of government officials and a growth in the proportion of national wealth [divided] through public bureaucracies .

Although the second- and third-years do n't officially come back until next week , Puddephat 's tutees have been called back early so they can be allocated to new people quickly .
although the second- and third-years do n't officially come back until next week , puddephat 's tutees have been called back early so they can be [divided] to new people quickly .

Once eligible for inclusion in the study , the nature of the trial was explained to the patients and they were offered the treatment allocated by randomisation .
once eligible for inclusion in the study , the nature of the trial was explained to the patients and they were offered the treatment [divided] by randomisation .

Patients allocated to long term endoscopic sclerotherapy underwent regular intra variceal injection of all patent varices using ethanolamine oleate .
patients [divided] to long term endoscopic sclerotherapy underwent regular intra variceal injection of all patent varices using ethanolamine oleate .

Seventeen of the 46 patients allocated to surgical therapy experienced documented bleeding from oesophageal varices after randomisation .
seventeen of the 46 patients [divided] to surgical therapy experienced documented bleeding from oesophageal varices after randomisation .

The children entered a randomised controlled trial and were allocated to one of two groups as follows :
the children entered a randomised controlled trial and were [divided] to one of two groups as follows :

As they were allocated to the alternative treatment group their height velocities were not included in the analyses .
as they were [divided] to the alternative treatment group their height velocities were not included in the analyses .

Returning to the question of coverage , this is always less than complete , with more taxes than benefits being allocated to the identified income groups .
returning to the question of coverage , this is always less than complete , with more taxes than benefits being [divided] to the identified income groups .

It was noted above that there is often a disparity between benefits and taxes covered ; that is , an unbalanced budget is allocated which creates a distortion in measured net benefits .
it was noted above that there is often a disparity between benefits and taxes covered ; that is , an unbalanced budget is [divided] which creates a distortion in measured net benefits .

For example , a social welfare budget might be created in that the taxes conceived of as paying for programmes could be allocated in line with the volume of social welfare benefits provided .
for example , a social welfare budget might be created in that the taxes conceived of as paying for programmes could be [divided] in line with the volume of social welfare benefits provided .

Suppose direct taxes and cash transfers are allocated and then cash transfers are increased .
suppose direct taxes and cash transfers are [divided] and then cash transfers are increased .

Prest ( 1968 ) notes that studies can at least be consistent , so that situations where all income tax is allocated to labour ( plausible if Fig .
prest ( 1968 ) notes that studies can at least be consistent , so that situations where all income tax is [divided] to labour ( plausible if fig .

To attain efficiency , it would be expected that factors of production would be allocated so that their marginal products would be equal .
to attain efficiency , it would be expected that factors of production would be [divided] so that their marginal products would be equal .

‘ But Mr Kronquist , as several of you already know , was assisting Mrs Sheila Williams during most of the afternoon in question with the temperamental kaleidoscope allocated to her for her illustrated talk on ‘ Alice ’ .
‘ but mr kronquist , as several of you already know , was assisting mrs sheila williams during most of the afternoon in question with the temperamental kaleidoscope [divided] to her for her illustrated talk on ‘ alice ’ .

If any discrepancy reports are received it will usually mean that insufficient time or resources have been allocated for the offline system to carry out its verification cycle successfully ( or those resources are not appropriate to the maximum latency time ) .
if any discrepancy reports are received it will usually mean that insufficient time or resources have been [divided] for the offline system to carry out its verification cycle successfully ( or those resources are not appropriate to the maximum latency time ) .

The size allocated to the index storage area ( ie 30000 blocks above ) should be about 2/3 of that reserved for the data ( ie 50000 blocks above ) .
the size [divided] to the index storage area ( ie 30000 blocks above ) should be about 2/3 of that reserved for the data ( ie 50000 blocks above ) .

Every Charge Code which is set up must have one user allocated to it .
every charge code which is set up must have one user [divided] to it .

Offline Manager This user must be allocated Offline Manager privilege and is responsible for the administration of the Offline System as described in this section .
offline manager this user must be [divided] offline manager privilege and is responsible for the administration of the offline system as described in this section .

This Client has been allocated the following identifier :
this client has been [divided] the following identifier :

This Product has been allocated the following identifier :
this product has been [divided] the following identifier :

At the specified start time of the offline run , the operator terminal will be allocated by the offline system and the Offline Operator will be instructed to mount and dismount the required media items on the available units .
at the specified start time of the offline run , the operator terminal will be [divided] by the offline system and the offline operator will be instructed to mount and dismount the required media items on the available units .

In determining how much can be achieved in 15 minutes , consideration is taken of the time to store/restore and the time to verify , and equal durations of seven and a half minutes are allocated to these phases .
in determining how much can be achieved in 15 minutes , consideration is taken of the time to store/restore and the time to verify , and equal durations of seven and a half minutes are [divided] to these phases .

Roles are allocated to users by a user possessing the ‘ Project Administrator ’ privilege .
roles are [divided] to users by a user possessing the ‘ project administrator ’ privilege .

The action definition block within the model allows actions to be allocated to state values .
the action definition block within the model allows actions to be [divided] to state values .

Several actions can be allocated to a single state .
several actions can be [divided] to a single state .

However , since a task causes a state transition there can only be one task allocated to a state .
however , since a task causes a state transition there can only be one task [divided] to a state .

States need not have any action allocated to them since these states may be either superfluous or valid end states .
states need not have any action [divided] to them since these states may be either superfluous or valid end states .

Compensation was given for the land taken , but this limited the programme as only 1 % of the republican budget was allocated towards this .
compensation was given for the land taken , but this limited the programme as only 1 % of the republican budget was [divided] towards this .

Thus each procedure call results in a new set of registers allocated for use by that new procedure .
thus each procedure call results in a new set of registers [divided] for use by that new procedure .

On each call a new set of window registers is allocated .
on each call a new set of window registers is [divided] .

In 1987 , for instance , Nottingham City Council allocated £330,000 of ratepayers ' money to stage a two-day charity concert without even confirming any major bands .
in 1987 , for instance , nottingham city council [divided] £330,000 of ratepayers ' money to stage a two-day charity concert without even confirming any major bands .

allocated cost increases
[divided] cost increases

The amount of contingency sum allocated to each of these budgets should reflect the degree of uncertainty within the work of the design team as well as the degree of control which the project manager wishes to retain over the team .
the amount of contingency sum [divided] to each of these budgets should reflect the degree of uncertainty within the work of the design team as well as the degree of control which the project manager wishes to retain over the team .

Design teams should be allocated a total budget within which they agree to provide a design to the appropriate quality .
design teams should be [divided] a total budget within which they agree to provide a design to the appropriate quality .

Risk is best allocated to the party who is best placed to minimize its effects .
risk is best [divided] to the party who is best placed to minimize its effects .

Step 1 : Prepare a comprehensive model of the actual recorded contract progress with actual costs , time and resources allocated against activities .
step 1 : prepare a comprehensive model of the actual recorded contract progress with actual costs , time and resources [divided] against activities .

In June 1989 the Finance Minister , Chief Evaristus Retselisitsoe Sekhonyana , announced a budget of 593,000,000 maloti , of which 425,000,000 maloti was allocated for recurrent expenditure and 168,000,000 maloti for development .
in june 1989 the finance minister , chief evaristus retselisitsoe sekhonyana , announced a budget of 593,000,000 maloti , of which 425,000,000 maloti was [divided] for recurrent expenditure and 168,000,000 maloti for development .

Under a modified form of proportional representation , seats were allocated in proportion to votes won within each of these multi-member constituencies .
under a modified form of proportional representation , seats were [divided] in proportion to votes won within each of these multi-member constituencies .

Of the overall expenditure in the balanced budget of 139,700 million markkaa , some 19 per cent was allocated to social services , 17 per cent to education , 9 per cent to health and 5 per cent to defence .
of the overall expenditure in the balanced budget of 139,700 million markkaa , some 19 per cent was [divided] to social services , 17 per cent to education , 9 per cent to health and 5 per cent to defence .

Selection would depend on points allocated for criteria including age and experience , proficiency in English and British links .
selection would depend on points [divided] for criteria including age and experience , proficiency in english and british links .

It was reported on Jan. 31 , 1990 , that Congress had allocated $ 27,000,000 to pay 400 surviving Aleuts and their children compensation for their forced evacuation during the Second World War .
it was reported on jan. 31 , 1990 , that congress had [divided] $ 27,000,000 to pay 400 surviving aleuts and their children compensation for their forced evacuation during the second world war .

Seats in the Little Hural , which would control the budget and the day-to-day running of the country , were to be allocated on the basis of party lists nationwide .
seats in the little hural , which would control the budget and the day-to-day running of the country , were to be [divided] on the basis of party lists nationwide .

An extra £310 million would be allocated in 1991 and £1,250 million over three years to extend the existing system of transitional relief to those whose bills had increased by £100 per year or more ( £150 previously ) , benefiting a further 4,000,000 people in addition to the 7,500,000 already covered ; and adjustments were made to help those faced with charges for second homes or for joint business/residential premises and those in areas being phased out of the `` safety net `` arrangements applying in 25 local authorities .
an extra £310 million would be [divided] in 1991 and £1,250 million over three years to extend the existing system of transitional relief to those whose bills had increased by £100 per year or more ( £150 previously ) , benefiting a further 4,000,000 people in addition to the 7,500,000 already covered ; and adjustments were made to help those faced with charges for second homes or for joint business/residential premises and those in areas being phased out of the `` safety net `` arrangements applying in 25 local authorities .

It provided for total investments of Epounds 14,500 million , of which Epounds 9,600 million would be allocated to the public sector and the balance to the private sector .
it provided for total investments of epounds 14,500 million , of which epounds 9,600 million would be [divided] to the public sector and the balance to the private sector .

The initiative , instigated by the Association of Small and Medium-sized Farmers , would , if approved , have provided for the present heavy government agricultural subsidies to be allocated exclusively to family-run farms .
the initiative , instigated by the association of small and medium-sized farmers , would , if approved , have provided for the present heavy government agricultural subsidies to be [divided] exclusively to family-run farms .

Four political parties had already been allocated an exact number of seats in the Little Hural from party preferences returned during the July elections [ see table below ] .
four political parties had already been [divided] an exact number of seats in the little hural from party preferences returned during the july elections [ see table below ] .

According to a `` National Covenant `` agreed in 1943 , institutional power is allocated between religious groups on the basis of their relative numerical strength according to a 1932 census .
according to a `` national covenant `` agreed in 1943 , institutional power is [divided] between religious groups on the basis of their relative numerical strength according to a 1932 census .

Or alternatively if cash has been allocated for a later purchase of , say , an expected new issue of bonds and the fear is of prices rising , an investor can hedge by buying a future or by acquiring a call option .
or alternatively if cash has been [divided] for a later purchase of , say , an expected new issue of bonds and the fear is of prices rising , an investor can hedge by buying a future or by acquiring a call option .

Recently this has been challenged , and it has been suggested that the third which was allocated was one-third of the taxation due on a property .
recently this has been challenged , and it has been suggested that the third which was [divided] was one-third of the taxation due on a property .

At times taxation may have been a significant factor , either because the barbarians were simply allocated revenue , or , as in the case misrecorded by Fredegar , because Romans gained tax exemption as a result of conceding land to the barbarians .
at times taxation may have been a significant factor , either because the barbarians were simply [divided] revenue , or , as in the case misrecorded by fredegar , because romans gained tax exemption as a result of conceding land to the barbarians .

The money which the French government allocated for propaganda purposes at the outbreak of war had grown fivefold by 1917 .
the money which the french government [divided] for propaganda purposes at the outbreak of war had grown fivefold by 1917 .

It would certainly include : the physical lay-out of the houses we live in and of the settlements of which they form a part ; the general pattern of conventional procedures by which foodstuffs and other necessities of life are produced and distributed and finally consumed ; the way children are brought up ; the way tasks are allocated to different members of the household ; the ideas we have about the nature of reality and of the cosmos , our sense of what is the proper way to behave towards kin and neighbours and persons in authority ; the kinds of clothes and the styles of language which are appropriate to different occasions , etc .
it would certainly include : the physical lay-out of the houses we live in and of the settlements of which they form a part ; the general pattern of conventional procedures by which foodstuffs and other necessities of life are produced and distributed and finally consumed ; the way children are brought up ; the way tasks are [divided] to different members of the household ; the ideas we have about the nature of reality and of the cosmos , our sense of what is the proper way to behave towards kin and neighbours and persons in authority ; the kinds of clothes and the styles of language which are appropriate to different occasions , etc .

Disposal related work may be allocated to , say , a sub-committee of the board to minimise disruptions .
disposal related work may be [divided] to , say , a sub-committee of the board to minimise disruptions .

They are allocated period and subject categories , enabling fast retrieval of information under various combinations of headings .
they are [divided] period and subject categories , enabling fast retrieval of information under various combinations of headings .

British firms have not allocated sufficient resources to technological innovation , and the environmental infrastructure for innovation has been fragmented and disparate .
british firms have not [divided] sufficient resources to technological innovation , and the environmental infrastructure for innovation has been fragmented and disparate .

Subsidy is now allocated to individual routes or batches of routes following a tendering process .
subsidy is now [divided] to individual routes or batches of routes following a tendering process .

In the present model , consumers ' expenditures are allocated using a linear expenditure system .
in the present model , consumers ' expenditures are [divided] using a linear expenditure system .

Education authorities are required to produce guidelines which describe how children are to be allocated to schools and which outline procedures for deciding between competing claims when the number of requests for a particular school exceeds the number of places available , and to publish information about particular schools .
education authorities are required to produce guidelines which describe how children are to be [divided] to schools and which outline procedures for deciding between competing claims when the number of requests for a particular school exceeds the number of places available , and to publish information about particular schools .

Local authority transport planners face the problem of assessing the merits of diverse types of transport improvement projects among which their funds must be allocated .
local authority transport planners face the problem of assessing the merits of diverse types of transport improvement projects among which their funds must be [divided] .

The capacity of the stadium has been limited to 17,000 with Dublin being allocated 10,000 , 5,000 to Wexford and the remainder set aside for neutrals .
the capacity of the stadium has been limited to 17,000 with dublin being [divided] 10,000 , 5,000 to wexford and the remainder set aside for neutrals .

Very briefly , however , solicitors rendered two bills to different clients , the first of which allocated £17.10 to travelling fares , and the second of which allocated £34.20 for air fares from London to Rotterdam on behalf of the second client .
very briefly , however , solicitors rendered two bills to different clients , the first of which [divided] £17.10 to travelling fares , and the second of which [divided] £34.20 for air fares from london to rotterdam on behalf of the second client .

Each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities — workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services — are provided when required .
each new user will be [divided] a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities — workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services — are provided when required .

If every applicant is allocated a number by the system when they are first put on , and this number is written on the application form , all future processing can be performed simply by telling the system the applicant number and the operation to be performed .
if every applicant is [divided] a number by the system when they are first put on , and this number is written on the application form , all future processing can be performed simply by telling the system the applicant number and the operation to be performed .

By agreement , these staff had been provisionally allocated to six grades and the job evaluation scheme was to be used to finalise this allocation .
by agreement , these staff had been provisionally [divided] to six grades and the job evaluation scheme was to be used to finalise this allocation .

Quality contemporary fiction will also be considered , but it is envisaged that no more than 30 % of the available funding will be allocated in this category .
quality contemporary fiction will also be considered , but it is envisaged that no more than 30 % of the available funding will be [divided] in this category .

Although the exact amount of money allocated to the programme is known , the proportion to be paid by the Länder , which are normally financially responsible for universities , is still being negotiated .
although the exact amount of money [divided] to the programme is known , the proportion to be paid by the länder , which are normally financially responsible for universities , is still being negotiated .

Periods of this order should be allocated to the major problems and decisions , protected from disturbance .
periods of this order should be [divided] to the major problems and decisions , protected from disturbance .

In this system , which is sometimes known as absorption costing , a budget is produced in which all overheads are allocated to the activities associated with them .
in this system , which is sometimes known as absorption costing , a budget is produced in which all overheads are [divided] to the activities associated with them .

‘ Standard rates ’ for each activity are calculated from the direct expenditure plus the allocated overheads .
‘ standard rates ’ for each activity are calculated from the direct expenditure plus the [divided] overheads .

They are therefore allocated to the departments on a commonsense basis so that they are all ‘ absorbed ’ in the various departmental rates .
they are therefore [divided] to the departments on a commonsense basis so that they are all ‘ absorbed ’ in the various departmental rates .

The most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in Figure 2.6 .
the most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those [divided] to new projects in figure 2.6 .

The sum of the allocated function costs must , of course , equal the part cost .
the sum of the [divided] function costs must , of course , equal the part cost .

On acquisition of a business , the purchase consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the Group in accordance with its accounting policies .
on acquisition of a business , the purchase consideration is [divided] between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the group in accordance with its accounting policies .

If you , an ambitious young squire or the equivalent ( a grade 2 clerk ) are allocated a knight whose own baron or mentor is out of favour , or whose manager is out of fashion , your ambitions will be thwarted .
if you , an ambitious young squire or the equivalent ( a grade 2 clerk ) are [divided] a knight whose own baron or mentor is out of favour , or whose manager is out of fashion , your ambitions will be thwarted .

The sequestration of activities into distinct regions and zones is a key means by which control can be maintained and resources allocated .
the sequestration of activities into distinct regions and zones is a key means by which control can be maintained and resources [divided] .

The area on disk allocated for the file is well used — very critical for large files .
the area on disk [divided] for the file is well used — very critical for large files .

The Prime Minister allocated no fewer than three of his Cabinet colleagues to stem unemployment , which throughout 1930 rose from 1.5 to 2.75 million .
the prime minister [divided] no fewer than three of his cabinet colleagues to stem unemployment , which throughout 1930 rose from 1.5 to 2.75 million .

And equilibrium in the film industry , by equating the marginal utility of films to the marginal utility of the meals sacrificed to make the last film , guarantees that society 's resources are allocated efficiently .
and equilibrium in the film industry , by equating the marginal utility of films to the marginal utility of the meals sacrificed to make the last film , guarantees that society 's resources are [divided] efficiently .

Since every competitive equilibrium is Pareto-efficient , and since different Pareto-efficient allocations correspond to different initial distributions of income-earning potential in a competitive economy , it appears that the government can confine itself to redistributing income and wealth through income and inheritance taxes or welfare benefits without having to worry about interventions to ensure that resources are allocated efficiently .
since every competitive equilibrium is pareto-efficient , and since different pareto-efficient allocations correspond to different initial distributions of income-earning potential in a competitive economy , it appears that the government can confine itself to redistributing income and wealth through income and inheritance taxes or welfare benefits without having to worry about interventions to ensure that resources are [divided] efficiently .

Words possessing more than one meaning or usage must be allocated multiple entries within the lexicon .
words possessing more than one meaning or usage must be [divided] multiple entries within the lexicon .

Once it is forgotten again , she resumes her work in the spartan room allocated to her by a local co-op .
once it is forgotten again , she resumes her work in the spartan room [divided] to her by a local co-op .

We also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional £675 million allocated to TECs to increase training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .
we also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional £675 million [divided] to tecs to increase training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .

It is allocated to the north-east — to Newcastle , Gateshead , North Tyneside , Cleveland , Hartlepool , Middlesbrough , Langbaurgh and Stockton .
it is [divided] to the north-east — to newcastle , gateshead , north tyneside , cleveland , hartlepool , middlesbrough , langbaurgh and stockton .

The housing investment programme has allocated £99 million to the northern region this year , with an additional £20.5 million coming through estate action resources .
the housing investment programme has [divided] £99 million to the northern region this year , with an additional £20.5 million coming through estate action resources .

The local authorities need to know where the resources will come from and how they will be allocated between the different areas of the country .
the local authorities need to know where the resources will come from and how they will be [divided] between the different areas of the country .

If we project that against total revenues expected in that year , it amounts to about one single day of revenue being allocated to the budget to implement the safety regime in the North sea .
if we project that against total revenues expected in that year , it amounts to about one single day of revenue being [divided] to the budget to implement the safety regime in the north sea .

Most of that land had been allocated to those with forest grazing rights , whose method of running stock would be affected by the enclosures .
most of that land had been [divided] to those with forest grazing rights , whose method of running stock would be affected by the enclosures .

After they had gone through the ordeal of giving evidence , their father , who was found guilty of eight serious charges with nine being left on the file , was put on probation and allocated to a hostel not two miles from where his last victim lives and where he can be seen by the family as they pass through the town centre .
after they had gone through the ordeal of giving evidence , their father , who was found guilty of eight serious charges with nine being left on the file , was put on probation and [divided] to a hostel not two miles from where his last victim lives and where he can be seen by the family as they pass through the town centre .

The money is allocated to Hampshire on the normal standard spending assessment basis .
the money is [divided] to hampshire on the normal standard spending assessment basis .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry what percentage of the budgeted figure has been allocated to link projects in the current financial year .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry what percentage of the budgeted figure has been [divided] to link projects in the current financial year .

However , the quality of the service for the amount of money allocated and the outcome of the treatment are critical for the people of this country .
however , the quality of the service for the amount of money [divided] and the outcome of the treatment are critical for the people of this country .

How many additional policemen have been provided in Scotland and how much extra money , in real terms , have the Government allocated to law and order since 1979 ? Will my hon. Friend confirm that , if the Government were to introduce proposals to toughen up sentencing policy — to impose stiffer sentences — we could look forward to Opposition Members agreeing with us for the first time ?
how many additional policemen have been provided in scotland and how much extra money , in real terms , have the government [divided] to law and order since 1979 ? will my hon. friend confirm that , if the government were to introduce proposals to toughen up sentencing policy — to impose stiffer sentences — we could look forward to opposition members agreeing with us for the first time ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Energy if he will give the amounts allocated to encourage improvements in energy efficiency among industrial and domestic electricity and gas customers in 1991-92 .
to ask the secretary of state for energy if he will give the amounts [divided] to encourage improvements in energy efficiency among industrial and domestic electricity and gas customers in 1991-92 .

Is the Minister aware that that sum will in no way meet the amount needed for the enormous backlog of repairs to schools in England , Wales and Scotland ? Is he aware that in St. Helens , of the two bids submitted , £1 million was requested to meet health and safety requirements and £1 million was requested for essential repairs ? The authority was allocated £587,000 . Does the hon. Gentleman acknowledge , therefore , that a number of schools have not yet been made safe for pupils ? Is not that disgraceful ?
is the minister aware that that sum will in no way meet the amount needed for the enormous backlog of repairs to schools in england , wales and scotland ? is he aware that in st. helens , of the two bids submitted , £1 million was requested to meet health and safety requirements and £1 million was requested for essential repairs ? the authority was [divided] £587,000 . does the hon. gentleman acknowledge , therefore , that a number of schools have not yet been made safe for pupils ? is not that disgraceful ?

Is the Minister aware that Cleveland 's schools need a £50 million maintenance programme ? His Department has not allocated a single penny to that programme for 1992-93 . Is that part of the disgraceful , phoney citizens charter ?
is the minister aware that cleveland 's schools need a £50 million maintenance programme ? his department has not [divided] a single penny to that programme for 1992-93 . is that part of the disgraceful , phoney citizens charter ?

The new framework for higher education will require funding for basic and strategic research in each subject to be allocated selectively to high-quality departments .
the new framework for higher education will require funding for basic and strategic research in each subject to be [divided] selectively to high-quality departments .

Is the Minister aware that the Department of the Environment has undertaken a surreptitious exercise in an attempt to destroy the private sector taxi service in Belfast ? If so , can he tell us how much money has been allocated to that exercise ?
is the minister aware that the department of the environment has undertaken a surreptitious exercise in an attempt to destroy the private sector taxi service in belfast ? if so , can he tell us how much money has been [divided] to that exercise ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what plans he has to increase the funds allocated to roads maintenance in the next financial year .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what plans he has to increase the funds [divided] to roads maintenance in the next financial year .

As countries become more prosperous , they will want to improve their infrastructure , but the aid and trade provision is exhausted because not enough money has been allocated , so even schemes that are within the rules are not approved .
as countries become more prosperous , they will want to improve their infrastructure , but the aid and trade provision is exhausted because not enough money has been [divided] , so even schemes that are within the rules are not approved .

We have heard that the amount to be paid by each household will depend on the valuation of the property and that properties will be allocated to one of eight bands .
we have heard that the amount to be paid by each household will depend on the valuation of the property and that properties will be [divided] to one of eight bands .

( 1 ) The Standing Committee to which the Bill is allocated shall report the Bill to the House on or before 5th December 1991 .
( 1 ) the standing committee to which the bill is [divided] shall report the bill to the house on or before 5th december 1991 .

( 1 ) The Standing Committee to which the Bill is allocated —
( 1 ) the standing committee to which the bill is [divided] —

Their reply will be , ’ What about the access funds ? ’ Given that only £25 million were allocated to access funds for the whole of the United Kingdom , the answer must be , ’ What about the access funds ? ’
their reply will be , ’ what about the access funds ? ’ given that only £25 million were [divided] to access funds for the whole of the united kingdom , the answer must be , ’ what about the access funds ? ’

In Dundee in the first year more than 2,000 students applied to the access fund and more than £300,000 was allocated to them .
in dundee in the first year more than 2,000 students applied to the access fund and more than £300,000 was [divided] to them .

They too have children , with similar needs , but they are allocated much less because , rather than staying on the dole , their parents wished to return to college and get qualifications to get them back into work .
they too have children , with similar needs , but they are [divided] much less because , rather than staying on the dole , their parents wished to return to college and get qualifications to get them back into work .

One 158 unit has been allocated for the Cambrian . This will work the following diagram
one 158 unit has been [divided] for the cambrian . this will work the following diagram

Human capital examples include a manager 's knowledge of the idiosyncrasies of his firm 's administrative system , or a team 's knowledge of the comparative advantages of its members and thus of how tasks can be allocated most efficiently within the team .
human capital examples include a manager 's knowledge of the idiosyncrasies of his firm 's administrative system , or a team 's knowledge of the comparative advantages of its members and thus of how tasks can be [divided] most efficiently within the team .

Williamson 's theory of the firm , presented in Section 2 , is an explanation of why some resources are managed , rather than allocated by markets , and why managerial functions are divided into several different , specialized roles within the firm .
williamson 's theory of the firm , presented in section 2 , is an explanation of why some resources are managed , rather than [divided] by markets , and why managerial functions are divided into several different , specialized roles within the firm .

If not , subjects with limited literature may be subdivided too extensively , producing unused or little used subdivisions , whereas ‘ large ’ subjects , if allocated only the same number of subdivisions , will have some trying to accommodate unmanageable quantities of literature .
if not , subjects with limited literature may be subdivided too extensively , producing unused or little used subdivisions , whereas ‘ large ’ subjects , if [divided] only the same number of subdivisions , will have some trying to accommodate unmanageable quantities of literature .

Uneven allocation of notation to subjects with the same size of literature , ( or the same number of subdivisions being allocated different notational space ) will cause notation for some subjects to be exceptionally long .
uneven allocation of notation to subjects with the same size of literature , ( or the same number of subdivisions being [divided] different notational space ) will cause notation for some subjects to be exceptionally long .

This was very familiar to those who had worked with Peter before ; he said it before every production , regardless of how complex or simple it was , and regardless of the length of rehearsal allocated .
this was very familiar to those who had worked with peter before ; he said it before every production , regardless of how complex or simple it was , and regardless of the length of rehearsal [divided] .

Thus , if the range $ 12500- $ 17500 receives total income of $ 200 billion and is allocated $ 70 billion of taxes and $ 60 billion of expenditure , its tax rate is 35 per cent and its ‘ net ’ position is -5 per cent .
thus , if the range $ 12500- $ 17500 receives total income of $ 200 billion and is [divided] $ 70 billion of taxes and $ 60 billion of expenditure , its tax rate is 35 per cent and its ‘ net ’ position is -5 per cent .

The second group consists of ‘ public goods ’ that can not be directly allocated to particular individuals ( e.g .
the second group consists of ‘ public goods ’ that can not be directly [divided] to particular individuals ( e.g .

The allocated benefit from public spending for the lowest group is more than 100 per cent of total income ( including cash transfers ) , and the percentage falls quite sharply with income , the median family benefiting to the extent of some 20 per cent .
the [divided] benefit from public spending for the lowest group is more than 100 per cent of total income ( including cash transfers ) , and the percentage falls quite sharply with income , the median family benefiting to the extent of some 20 per cent .

The final row shows total spending , including the ‘ public goods ’ category , allocated in proportion to income ( i.e .
the final row shows total spending , including the ‘ public goods ’ category , [divided] in proportion to income ( i.e .

assume in their benchmark case that the corporate income tax is borne half by consumers , allocated proportionately to consumption , and half by capital income recipients , allocated proportionately to capital income .
assume in their benchmark case that the corporate income tax is borne half by consumers , [divided] proportionately to consumption , and half by capital income recipients , [divided] proportionately to capital income .

We have seen how the vibration frequencies may be observed and how each may be allocated to a particular symmetry species .
we have seen how the vibration frequencies may be observed and how each may be [divided] to a particular symmetry species .

This Act introduced the Rate Support Grant , made LEAs ( rather than central government ) responsible for paying for school meals and milk , and allocated funds ( under Section 11 ) to local authorities for payment of staff employed specifically for the education and welfare of immigrants .
this act introduced the rate support grant , made leas ( rather than central government ) responsible for paying for school meals and milk , and [divided] funds ( under section 11 ) to local authorities for payment of staff employed specifically for the education and welfare of immigrants .

In some closely defined circumstances , however , where it can be shown that a particular racial group has a special need with regard to education or training , access to facilities may be restricted or allocated first to its members .
in some closely defined circumstances , however , where it can be shown that a particular racial group has a special need with regard to education or training , access to facilities may be restricted or [divided] first to its members .

Of this , 309 million was allocated to the central government 's ( i.e .
of this , 309 million was [divided] to the central government 's ( i.e .

Much more money comes from it to education in the shape of the funds allocated by the Secretary of State to local authorities through the Revenue Support Grant : 2.3 billion in 1989–90 .
much more money comes from it to education in the shape of the funds [divided] by the secretary of state to local authorities through the revenue support grant : 2.3 billion in 1989–90 .

Much of the Somerset Levels and the Fens was shared out between the parishes around , and small blocks were allocated as detached portions at the time of enclosure or drainage ( Fig .
much of the somerset levels and the fens was shared out between the parishes around , and small blocks were [divided] as detached portions at the time of enclosure or drainage ( fig .

It created three different kinds of school with ‘ parity of esteem ’ and children were allocated according to the result of the 11-plus examination .
it created three different kinds of school with ‘ parity of esteem ’ and children were [divided] according to the result of the 11-plus examination .

His armies consisted of nobles and their warrior-followings : hence instead of being a paymaster , the king allocated the proceeds of war through a network of personalised , `` privatised `` relations of dependence that replaced public agencies of control and exploitation .
his armies consisted of nobles and their warrior-followings : hence instead of being a paymaster , the king [divided] the proceeds of war through a network of personalised , `` privatised `` relations of dependence that replaced public agencies of control and exploitation .

We allocated various jobs and set about finding out the answers ; monthly progress meetings were arranged .
we [divided] various jobs and set about finding out the answers ; monthly progress meetings were arranged .

1.3.2 Teachers reported difficulties in the delivery of the module descriptors within allocated time durations and in meeting assessment requirements which were not always clearly stated .
1.3.2 teachers reported difficulties in the delivery of the module descriptors within [divided] time durations and in meeting assessment requirements which were not always clearly stated .

Requiring a driver 's licence where driving is not a major or frequent component of the actual work done , or where any driving duties could be easily allocated to fellow workers , could be an act of disability discrimination .
requiring a driver 's licence where driving is not a major or frequent component of the actual work done , or where any driving duties could be easily [divided] to fellow workers , could be an act of disability discrimination .

responsibility allocated to government minister to ensure that Standards and Codes of Practice are kept up to date and new ones issued as necessary .
responsibility [divided] to government minister to ensure that standards and codes of practice are kept up to date and new ones issued as necessary .

They felt that after the war the government should take powers to control the volume of investment , and the resources of the economy should be centrally assessed and allocated with the aim of reaching and staying at full employment .
they felt that after the war the government should take powers to control the volume of investment , and the resources of the economy should be centrally assessed and [divided] with the aim of reaching and staying at full employment .

During the 1930s more and more areas allocated children to secondary education entirely by examination in which the places in secondary schools were 100 % ‘ special places ’ , in an attempt to widen the social range of secondary schooling .
during the 1930s more and more areas [divided] children to secondary education entirely by examination in which the places in secondary schools were 100 % ‘ special places ’ , in an attempt to widen the social range of secondary schooling .

Several London children who had been allocated to secondary education in a grammar or central school found , after they were evacuated , that they were denied it by the absence of such provision in their reception area .
several london children who had been [divided] to secondary education in a grammar or central school found , after they were evacuated , that they were denied it by the absence of such provision in their reception area .

To ensure the care , custody and proper use of standards and equipment allocated .
to ensure the care , custody and proper use of standards and equipment [divided] .

1–3 S.T.S.O.s/T.S.Os or Senior Advisors 1–3 Senior Enforcement Officers or 9–12 Advisors . 1–2 Enforcement Officers or General Assistants Trainees as appropriate Additionally any staff allocated to the Section on Secondment
1–3 s.t.s.o.s/t.s.os or senior advisors 1–3 senior enforcement officers or 9–12 advisors . 1–2 enforcement officers or general assistants trainees as appropriate additionally any staff [divided] to the section on secondment

With plans formulated , Kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . As well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , Kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty
with plans formulated , kate is then [divided] a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . as well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty

Closely related jobs , for example most secretarial and clerical jobs , are assessed to a common standard and salary ranges allocated within which service and experience in the job can be recognised .
closely related jobs , for example most secretarial and clerical jobs , are assessed to a common standard and salary ranges [divided] within which service and experience in the job can be recognised .

‘ The new ratings will be used by the Council to inform calculations of grant for the academic year 1990/91 and for the funding period 1991-95 … the Council 's provisional decision to continue to fund research on the basis of competitive assessments of quality and … to increase the proportion of research resources that is allocated selectively . ’
‘ the new ratings will be used by the council to inform calculations of grant for the academic year 1990/91 and for the funding period 1991-95 … the council 's provisional decision to continue to fund research on the basis of competitive assessments of quality and … to increase the proportion of research resources that is [divided] selectively . ’

Each unit in some population can be allocated uniquely to one of the cells so giving , providing that we count the number of units in each cell , the frequency with which combinations of the relevant properties occur .
each unit in some population can be [divided] uniquely to one of the cells so giving , providing that we count the number of units in each cell , the frequency with which combinations of the relevant properties occur .

The classic experiment requires both a control and an experimental group to which subjects are randomly allocated .
the classic experiment requires both a control and an experimental group to which subjects are randomly [divided] .

Considerable criticism was levelled at the creation of a new ministry of National Affairs , Employment Creation and Co-operatives , allocated to Didymus Mutasa , who had headed the Ministry of Political Affairs until its early closure on June 26 .
considerable criticism was levelled at the creation of a new ministry of national affairs , employment creation and co-operatives , [divided] to didymus mutasa , who had headed the ministry of political affairs until its early closure on june 26 .

Of the 127 seats at stake ( one through a by-election ) , 77 were in 47 prefectural districts , where candidates were chosen by name , while the remaining 50 were in the national constituency and were allocated between the parties on the basis of proportional representation .
of the 127 seats at stake ( one through a by-election ) , 77 were in 47 prefectural districts , where candidates were chosen by name , while the remaining 50 were in the national constituency and were [divided] between the parties on the basis of proportional representation .

This was in addition to the 6,900,000 million yen already allocated for this purpose in the budget for fiscal 1992 ( ending in March 1993 ) .
this was in addition to the 6,900,000 million yen already [divided] for this purpose in the budget for fiscal 1992 ( ending in march 1993 ) .

The Ukrainian Cabinet had allocated 350 million roubles to support the fleet for the subsequent three months , according to a report of Jan. 15 .
the ukrainian cabinet had [divided] 350 million roubles to support the fleet for the subsequent three months , according to a report of jan. 15 .

Some 56 per cent of the Komercni banka Praha and 55 per cent of the Vseobecna uverova banka Bratislava — the country 's two biggest — was allocated for sale through the use of privatization coupons .
some 56 per cent of the komercni banka praha and 55 per cent of the vseobecna uverova banka bratislava — the country 's two biggest — was [divided] for sale through the use of privatization coupons .

Under the accord ( i ) an immediate ceasefire was declared ; ( ii ) the state of emergency in Gao and Timbuktu provinces was lifted and army troops were to be withdrawn from the area ; ( iii ) an amnesty was granted to all Tuareg political prisoners ; ( iv ) internal autonomy was to be granted to the Adrar region ( i.e. Gao and Timbuktu ) ; and ( v ) additional state funds were to be allocated to the development of the region .
under the accord ( i ) an immediate ceasefire was declared ; ( ii ) the state of emergency in gao and timbuktu provinces was lifted and army troops were to be withdrawn from the area ; ( iii ) an amnesty was granted to all tuareg political prisoners ; ( iv ) internal autonomy was to be granted to the adrar region ( i.e. gao and timbuktu ) ; and ( v ) additional state funds were to be [divided] to the development of the region .

0 4.90 0 — - 0 Civic Democratic Union — - 3.96 0 — 4.04 0 0 Others 12.26 0 13.19 0 0 13.06 0 12.43 0 0 Total 100 99 100 51 150 100 75 100 75 150 The number of MPs for each party comprises those elected directly , plus the additional MPs allocated according to a balancing proportional representation formula .
0 4.90 0 — - 0 civic democratic union — - 3.96 0 — 4.04 0 0 others 12.26 0 13.19 0 0 13.06 0 12.43 0 0 total 100 99 100 51 150 100 75 100 75 150 the number of mps for each party comprises those elected directly , plus the additional mps [divided] according to a balancing proportional representation formula .

The ruling allocated the islands an exclusive economic zone of 8,700 sq km ( 3,600 sq miles ) , about a quarter of what France had sought .
the ruling [divided] the islands an exclusive economic zone of 8,700 sq km ( 3,600 sq miles ) , about a quarter of what france had sought .

District councils controlled 73 per cent of government funds allocated to rural development .
district councils controlled 73 per cent of government funds [divided] to rural development .

Under this `` large privatization `` scheme , five `` private ownership funds `` would manage the shares allocated to the public by the voucher distribution .
under this `` large privatization `` scheme , five `` private ownership funds `` would manage the shares [divided] to the public by the voucher distribution .

The results represented a success for the Moderates and for two parties who exceeded for the first time the statutory 4 per cent threshold for parliamentary representation — the Christian Democrats ( whose only previous representation had been in 1985-88 when one of the Centre party 's seats was allocated to Christian Democrat in an electoral pact ) , and the New Democracy Party .
the results represented a success for the moderates and for two parties who exceeded for the first time the statutory 4 per cent threshold for parliamentary representation — the christian democrats ( whose only previous representation had been in 1985-88 when one of the centre party 's seats was [divided] to christian democrat in an electoral pact ) , and the new democracy party .

Should a party polling a majority of votes fail to gain a majority of seats in the House , extra seats are allocated until a majority of one seat is achieved .
should a party polling a majority of votes fail to gain a majority of seats in the house , extra seats are [divided] until a majority of one seat is achieved .

The Guardian of Aug. 2 reported that the government was to provide a further Fl650 million for energy conservation in addition to the Fl1,000 million already allocated annually for the programme .
the guardian of aug. 2 reported that the government was to provide a further fl650 million for energy conservation in addition to the fl1,000 million already [divided] annually for the programme .

He also ordered a stop to the unauthorized utilization by those authorities of produce already allocated for fulfilment of state orders .
he also ordered a stop to the unauthorized utilization by those authorities of produce already [divided] for fulfilment of state orders .

As announced on June 17 the offer to the general public was 3.2 times subscribed ; accordingly some of the shares allocated for institutional investors ( in part by tender ) and for overseas investors were " clawed back " to favour ( i ) customer applicants ; and ( ii ) other individuals who had applied for fewer than 1,000 shares .
as announced on june 17 the offer to the general public was 3.2 times subscribed ; accordingly some of the shares [divided] for institutional investors ( in part by tender ) and for overseas investors were " clawed back " to favour ( i ) customer applicants ; and ( ii ) other individuals who had applied for fewer than 1,000 shares .

The posts of the two Vice-presidents , the Prime Minister and the chairman and vice-chairman of the People 's Assembly were to be allocated among various of the six groups .
the posts of the two vice-presidents , the prime minister and the chairman and vice-chairman of the people 's assembly were to be [divided] among various of the six groups .

Each country was allocated 20 parliamentary observers until such elections were concluded .
each country was [divided] 20 parliamentary observers until such elections were concluded .

In the 460-member Sejm , 391 seats were decided on a proportional representation system in 37 electoral districts ; parties won seats according to the aggregate vote for their candidates in a given district , and then allocated them to the candidates with the highest individual totals .
in the 460-member sejm , 391 seats were decided on a proportional representation system in 37 electoral districts ; parties won seats according to the aggregate vote for their candidates in a given district , and then [divided] them to the candidates with the highest individual totals .

The remaining 69 seats were allocated according to votes cast for the national lists of the 27 parties who had collected enough signatures to be eligible .
the remaining 69 seats were [divided] according to votes cast for the national lists of the 27 parties who had collected enough signatures to be eligible .

However , he emphasised that Ukraine wanted a share of the resources allocated to the former Soviet Union by Germany , for resettling on its territory some of the former Soviet servicemen who were to be withdrawn from Germany by 1994 [ see p. 38354 ] .
however , he emphasised that ukraine wanted a share of the resources [divided] to the former soviet union by germany , for resettling on its territory some of the former soviet servicemen who were to be withdrawn from germany by 1994 [ see p. 38354 ] .

Five million roubles had already been allocated to aid resettlement , and a presidential decree had created the legal prerequisites .
five million roubles had already been [divided] to aid resettlement , and a presidential decree had created the legal prerequisites .

The new Constitution allocated one seat to a representative of Rotuma island .
the new constitution [divided] one seat to a representative of rotuma island .

The remaining five seats , allocated for election by minority communities such as Chinese , Europeans and other Pacific islanders , were all filled by candidates of the General Voters ' Party ( until 1990 the General Electors ' Association ) .
the remaining five seats , [divided] for election by minority communities such as chinese , europeans and other pacific islanders , were all filled by candidates of the general voters ' party ( until 1990 the general electors ' association ) .

The other participating parties were : the Kurdistan Socialist Party , led by Mahmud Othman , which in April had absorbed the Democratic Kurdistan Independence Party ; the Islamic Movement , led by Othman Abd al-Aziz ; the Kurdistan Popular Democratic Party , led by Sami Abdurrahman , the Communists , led by Rajim Ajina ; the Assyrian Democratic Movement ( allocated four assembly seats ) and the Christian Union ( allocated one assembly seat ) .
the other participating parties were : the kurdistan socialist party , led by mahmud othman , which in april had absorbed the democratic kurdistan independence party ; the islamic movement , led by othman abd al-aziz ; the kurdistan popular democratic party , led by sami abdurrahman , the communists , led by rajim ajina ; the assyrian democratic movement ( [divided] four assembly seats ) and the christian union ( [divided] one assembly seat ) .

The second round of voting on May 8 allocated most of the 134 seats which had not been decided in the first round [ see p. 38887 ] , and confirmed the electoral victory of supporters of President Hashemi Ali Akbar Rafsanjani .
the second round of voting on may 8 [divided] most of the 134 seats which had not been decided in the first round [ see p. 38887 ] , and confirmed the electoral victory of supporters of president hashemi ali akbar rafsanjani .

Under the agreement , 35 per cent of the state budget would be allocated to the federation , 41.5 per cent to the Czech Republic and 23.5 per cent to the Slovak Republic .
under the agreement , 35 per cent of the state budget would be [divided] to the federation , 41.5 per cent to the czech republic and 23.5 per cent to the slovak republic .

In the Nov. 1 session time was allocated to each delegation for replies to the previous day 's speeches .
in the nov. 1 session time was [divided] to each delegation for replies to the previous day 's speeches .

The 1990/91 budget , presented on March 17 , 1990 , allocated 1,500 million afghanis for development expenditure in the public sector .
the 1990/91 budget , presented on march 17 , 1990 , [divided] 1,500 million afghanis for development expenditure in the public sector .

Attorney General Amos Wako announced the same day that political parties would not be required to obtain licences to hold rallies during the election campaign , and that all parties would be allocated equal air time on national radio and television .
attorney general amos wako announced the same day that political parties would not be required to obtain licences to hold rallies during the election campaign , and that all parties would be [divided] equal air time on national radio and television .

On the size of the European Parliament , member states were from 1994 to be allocated seats as follows : Belgium 25 ( currently 24 ) ; Denmark 16 ( 16 ) ; France 87 ( 81 ) ; Germany 99 ( 81 ) ; Greece 25 ( 24 ) ; Ireland 15 ( 15 ) ; Italy 87 ( 81 ) ; Luxembourg 6 ( 6 ) ; Netherlands 31 ( 25 ) ; Portugal 25 ( 24 ) ; Spain 64 ( 60 ) ; United Kingdom 87 ( 81 ) , representing a total of 567 seats ( 518 previously ) .
on the size of the european parliament , member states were from 1994 to be [divided] seats as follows : belgium 25 ( currently 24 ) ; denmark 16 ( 16 ) ; france 87 ( 81 ) ; germany 99 ( 81 ) ; greece 25 ( 24 ) ; ireland 15 ( 15 ) ; italy 87 ( 81 ) ; luxembourg 6 ( 6 ) ; netherlands 31 ( 25 ) ; portugal 25 ( 24 ) ; spain 64 ( 60 ) ; united kingdom 87 ( 81 ) , representing a total of 567 seats ( 518 previously ) .

Total expenditure for 1990/91 was estimated at KSh79,196 million , of which KSh57,996 million was allocated to recurrent spending .
total expenditure for 1990/91 was estimated at ksh79,196 million , of which ksh57,996 million was [divided] to recurrent spending .

Under a `` National Covenant `` agreed in 1943 , institutional power was allocated between religious groups on the basis of relative numerical strength , according to a 1932 census .
under a `` national covenant `` agreed in 1943 , institutional power was [divided] between religious groups on the basis of relative numerical strength , according to a 1932 census .

( 2 ) How are the delegated responsibilities allocated ?
( 2 ) how are the delegated responsibilities [divided] ?

the matching process should be more stringent to ensure students are allocated to the correct classroom situation ;
the matching process should be more stringent to ensure students are [divided] to the correct classroom situation ;

According to the local market situation , the company manages the marketing budget allocated to brand recognition development .
according to the local market situation , the company manages the marketing budget [divided] to brand recognition development .

At this stage , a diagrammatic area layout is prepared , showing the ideal space requirement , and relating it to the space allocated .
at this stage , a diagrammatic area layout is prepared , showing the ideal space requirement , and relating it to the space [divided] .

( 1982 ) have argued that resources will be allocated efficiently ( in the sense that prices will be equal to marginal costs ) in industries which are perfectly contestable and that this result holds irrespective of the number of firms in the industry .
( 1982 ) have argued that resources will be [divided] efficiently ( in the sense that prices will be equal to marginal costs ) in industries which are perfectly contestable and that this result holds irrespective of the number of firms in the industry .

It is regarded as `` tax revenue allocated once and for all to the Community to finance its budget and accruing to it automatically without the need for any subsequent decision by the national authorities ' ( European Commission 1989b ) .
it is regarded as `` tax revenue [divided] once and for all to the community to finance its budget and accruing to it automatically without the need for any subsequent decision by the national authorities ' ( european commission 1989b ) .

As we were unable to cover any practical work in the January session it has been requested that further time be allocated .
as we were unable to cover any practical work in the january session it has been requested that further time be [divided] .

The fact was that she had lost the six square inches of canvas allocated for the kettleholder when it was first given out to the class .
the fact was that she had lost the six square inches of canvas [divided] for the kettleholder when it was first given out to the class .

When a boy arrived at Eton he was allocated to a `` classical tutor `` who oversaw his work and gave him special tuition .
when a boy arrived at eton he was [divided] to a `` classical tutor `` who oversaw his work and gave him special tuition .

Each person is allocated a number of a football team .
each person is [divided] a number of a football team .

For the initial experiment , at day 7 , 70 mice were randomly allocated to one of three groups .
for the initial experiment , at day 7 , 70 mice were randomly [divided] to one of three groups .

For the second series , at day 3 , 45 mice were randomly allocated with even weighting so that there were 15 in each group .
for the second series , at day 3 , 45 mice were randomly [divided] with even weighting so that there were 15 in each group .

Patients were randmly allocated to receive either the long acting somatostatin analogue octreotide ( n=121 ) or isotonic saline intravenously as a placebo ( n= 124 ) .
patients were randmly [divided] to receive either the long acting somatostatin analogue octreotide ( n=121 ) or isotonic saline intravenously as a placebo ( n= 124 ) .

He pointed out that costs formerly allocated to the President no longer applied and that in future years the grant would require to be reduced .
he pointed out that costs formerly [divided] to the president no longer applied and that in future years the grant would require to be reduced .

According to a double blind , double dummy , within subject , three way cross over design , patients were allocated to receive treatment with ( a ) placebo ( one placebo tablet matching ranitidine and two placebo tablets matching cisapride twice daily ) , ( b ) ranitidine ( one tablet ranitidine ( 150 mg ) and two placebo tablets matching cisapride twice daily ) , and ( c ) ranitidine plus cisapride ( one tablet ranitidine ( 150 mg ) and two tablets cisapride ( 10 mg ) twice daily ) .
according to a double blind , double dummy , within subject , three way cross over design , patients were [divided] to receive treatment with ( a ) placebo ( one placebo tablet matching ranitidine and two placebo tablets matching cisapride twice daily ) , ( b ) ranitidine ( one tablet ranitidine ( 150 mg ) and two placebo tablets matching cisapride twice daily ) , and ( c ) ranitidine plus cisapride ( one tablet ranitidine ( 150 mg ) and two tablets cisapride ( 10 mg ) twice daily ) .

Thirty five adult patients with precirrhotic primary sclerosing cholangitis were randomly allocated to receive for at least one year with low dose ( 4.1 mg/kg/day ) cyclosporin or placebo in a double blind trial .
thirty five adult patients with precirrhotic primary sclerosing cholangitis were randomly [divided] to receive for at least one year with low dose ( 4.1 mg/kg/day ) cyclosporin or placebo in a double blind trial .

staff tasks and time allocated ;
staff tasks and time [divided] ;

On the delivery day ( the day after the last trading day ) , the long transfers 500,000 to the allocated bank .
on the delivery day ( the day after the last trading day ) , the long transfers 500,000 to the [divided] bank .

He receives his 1687.50 in margin plus an invoice ( or settlement ) amount to compensate him for being allocated a time deposit yielding less than the settlement interest rate .
he receives his 1687.50 in margin plus an invoice ( or settlement ) amount to compensate him for being [divided] a time deposit yielding less than the settlement interest rate .

In this system , which is sometimes known as absorption costing , a budget is produced in which all overheads are allocated to the activities associated with them .
in this system , which is sometimes known as absorption costing , a budget is produced in which all overheads are [divided] to the activities associated with them .

‘ Standard rates ’ for each activity are calculated from the direct expenditure plus the allocated overheads .
‘ standard rates ’ for each activity are calculated from the direct expenditure plus the [divided] overheads .

They are therefore allocated to the departments on a commonsense basis so that they are all ‘ absorbed ’ in the various departmental rates .
they are therefore [divided] to the departments on a commonsense basis so that they are all ‘ absorbed ’ in the various departmental rates .

The most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in Figure 2.6 .
the most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those [divided] to new projects in figure 2.6 .

The sum of the allocated function costs must , of course , equal the part cost .
the sum of the [divided] function costs must , of course , equal the part cost .

In all types of contracts , particularly the last , definition of the risks it is intended to cover and the manner in which they will be allocated is of great importance .
in all types of contracts , particularly the last , definition of the risks it is intended to cover and the manner in which they will be [divided] is of great importance .

All the company functions associated with any of the activities in the stage are allocated to the rows and identified down the left-hand side .
all the company functions associated with any of the activities in the stage are [divided] to the rows and identified down the left-hand side .

As the effect is due to lack of information rather than any hard evidence of the situation , it can be removed by ensuring that everyone knows where the resources have been allocated and why .
as the effect is due to lack of information rather than any hard evidence of the situation , it can be removed by ensuring that everyone knows where the resources have been [divided] and why .

The resources are allocated periodically at a review meeting which is preceded by individual project leaders assessing their own progress and estimating their needs for the next period .
the resources are [divided] periodically at a review meeting which is preceded by individual project leaders assessing their own progress and estimating their needs for the next period .

It forms a record of not only the resources allocated , but also those requested , and after a few months of operating the system the project leaders ' requests become realistic and they even strike agreements with each other on timing and amount of resources in advance of the meeting .
it forms a record of not only the resources [divided] , but also those requested , and after a few months of operating the system the project leaders ' requests become realistic and they even strike agreements with each other on timing and amount of resources in advance of the meeting .

The votes cast for each party are counted and the seats are allocated according to the proportion of votes each party receives — so a party polling 30 per cent of the votes would take 30 per cent of the seats .
the votes cast for each party are counted and the seats are [divided] according to the proportion of votes each party receives — so a party polling 30 per cent of the votes would take 30 per cent of the seats .

These forests were to be freed from the Forest law , the commoners compensated for loss of their common rights , and lands allocated to the Crown were to be enclosed for timber production .
these forests were to be freed from the forest law , the commoners compensated for loss of their common rights , and lands [divided] to the crown were to be enclosed for timber production .

The following February the Church agreed and allocated £250 ; an organ was dedicated on 29 May 1895 .
the following february the church agreed and [divided] £250 ; an organ was dedicated on 29 may 1895 .

Similarly , it 's no good discovering that you are going to need an autocue and a slide projector when there 's no money left to buy or hire them , or that your guest speaker will only fly first class when you 've allocated £200 in your budget for his travel costs because someone vaguely remembered that £200 was the ‘ Apex fare ’ .
similarly , it 's no good discovering that you are going to need an autocue and a slide projector when there 's no money left to buy or hire them , or that your guest speaker will only fly first class when you 've [divided] £200 in your budget for his travel costs because someone vaguely remembered that £200 was the ‘ apex fare ’ .

The residual funds from this transaction ( a proposed April 1986 shipment of 3,000 TOWs and Hawk missile parts to Iran ) are allocated as follows … $12m will be used to purchase critically needed supplies for the Nicaraguan Democratic Resistance forces .
the residual funds from this transaction ( a proposed april 1986 shipment of 3,000 tows and hawk missile parts to iran ) are [divided] as follows … $12m will be used to purchase critically needed supplies for the nicaraguan democratic resistance forces .

Moreover , Zuwaya and Magharba thought that their larger groupings were temporary : activated to demand compensation , they then relapsed into the noumenon , leaving households to go about their business ; revenues from taxes were not kept in a fisc , but allocated to household budgets — and so on .
moreover , zuwaya and magharba thought that their larger groupings were temporary : activated to demand compensation , they then relapsed into the noumenon , leaving households to go about their business ; revenues from taxes were not kept in a fisc , but [divided] to household budgets — and so on .

The British management team has been allocated space in Croydon , where Mr Tony Brend , chief executive , chaired emergency meetings over the weekend to try to maintain ‘ business as usual ’ .
the british management team has been [divided] space in croydon , where mr tony brend , chief executive , chaired emergency meetings over the weekend to try to maintain ‘ business as usual ’ .

We were not very happy to find that Hillsborough had been chosen and even less so when we were allocated the Leppings Lane End .
we were not very happy to find that hillsborough had been chosen and even less so when we were [divided] the leppings lane end .

The Russians have bought 200,000 tonnes of beans with part of the $ 58m-worth of export credits recently allocated to soyabeans .
the russians have bought 200,000 tonnes of beans with part of the $ 58m-worth of export credits recently [divided] to soyabeans .

The permits would then be allocated by an international agency to governments .
the permits would then be [divided] by an international agency to governments .

In 1989 500m roubles was allocated to basic research ; earlier this year , overall finance for science was increased by 30 % .
in 1989 500m roubles was [divided] to basic research ; earlier this year , overall finance for science was increased by 30 % .

The way science money is allocated has also been changed .
the way science money is [divided] has also been changed .

Unlike other countries , Britain does not allow the money to go straight to the local authorities to which it has been allocated .
unlike other countries , britain does not allow the money to go straight to the local authorities to which it has been [divided] .

Britain can collect it from Brussels only when the local authorities to which the money was allocated send in bills to show it has been appropriately spent .
britain can collect it from brussels only when the local authorities to which the money was [divided] send in bills to show it has been appropriately spent .

The Swedish reforms give patients more freedom to choose who treats them and make the resources allocated to doctors ( including their pay packets ) dependent on the number of patients they can attract .
the swedish reforms give patients more freedom to choose who treats them and make the resources [divided] to doctors ( including their pay packets ) dependent on the number of patients they can attract .

Financial support for East European economies will have to be allocated among Western countries : budgetary politics on a scale which will dwarf the arguments over existing Community expenditure .
financial support for east european economies will have to be [divided] among western countries : budgetary politics on a scale which will dwarf the arguments over existing community expenditure .

Under the party 's rules 40 per cent of the votes in Birkenhead have been allocated to the unions and 60 per cent to individual members .
under the party 's rules 40 per cent of the votes in birkenhead have been [divided] to the unions and 60 per cent to individual members .

The 40 Class 158 units , part of the £70 million re-equipping programme allocated up until the end of this year , are to him ‘ the ultimate gesture to show we will keep good faith with the councils and other investors . ’
the 40 class 158 units , part of the £70 million re-equipping programme [divided] up until the end of this year , are to him ‘ the ultimate gesture to show we will keep good faith with the councils and other investors . ’

They will not be allocated a seat on the aircraft and must sit on a parent 's lap unless there is an unoccupied seat available .
they will not be [divided] a seat on the aircraft and must sit on a parent 's lap unless there is an unoccupied seat available .

You choose the date and airport and leave the choice of accommodation at Ten Bel to be allocated on arrival .
you choose the date and airport and leave the choice of accommodation at ten bel to be [divided] on arrival .

Rooms allocated will have bath/shower , kitchenette and lounge with convertible sofa .
rooms [divided] will have bath/shower , kitchenette and lounge with convertible sofa .

We have several apartments for 2–4 people dotted around San Antonio and your actual apartment will be allocated on arrival in Ibiza ; it will be one of those featured in the brochure or one of similar standard .
we have several apartments for 2–4 people dotted around san antonio and your actual apartment will be [divided] on arrival in ibiza ; it will be one of those featured in the brochure or one of similar standard .

Your studio , hotel or apartment will be allocated on arrival and will be one of those featured in the brochure or one of a similar standard .
your studio , hotel or apartment will be [divided] on arrival and will be one of those featured in the brochure or one of a similar standard .

Both meadow and arable land was allocated in this way .
both meadow and arable land was [divided] in this way .

The fourth functional activity is that of control which monitors and assesses whether resources and activities are allocated as originally planned and authorised .
the fourth functional activity is that of control which monitors and assesses whether resources and activities are [divided] as originally planned and authorised .

The percentage allocated to a discretionary fund ( for curriculum development , library , careers , etc . )
the percentage [divided] to a discretionary fund ( for curriculum development , library , careers , etc . )

They have also allocated staffing once the level had been determined by the local education authority .
they have also [divided] staffing once the level had been determined by the local education authority .

Units are valued on the last working day of each month and are allocated on the first day of the following month , after the receipt of your premium .
units are valued on the last working day of each month and are [divided] on the first day of the following month , after the receipt of your premium .

The army will be based at police stations and will be allocated calls via the police .
the army will be based at police stations and will be [divided] calls via the police .

The army will be based at police stations and will be allocated calls via the police .
the army will be based at police stations and will be [divided] calls via the police .

The Department of Health warned that the number of troops allocated may not be all forthcoming because of commitments elsewhere .
the department of health warned that the number of troops [divided] may not be all forthcoming because of commitments elsewhere .

It 's always angled towards the case for more funds to be allocated to reform schools set up for ‘ the salvaging of these youngsters whose natural growth has been marred by bad upbringing , bad companions , bad luck .
it 's always angled towards the case for more funds to be [divided] to reform schools set up for ‘ the salvaging of these youngsters whose natural growth has been marred by bad upbringing , bad companions , bad luck .

Properties will be allocated to one of seven bands based on their value .
properties will be [divided] to one of seven bands based on their value .

The understanding reached between them and the catholic — nationalist lay leadership resulted in schooling in the future state being allocated to the domain of the church , in exchange for the legitimation of that state by the church leadership .
the understanding reached between them and the catholic — nationalist lay leadership resulted in schooling in the future state being [divided] to the domain of the church , in exchange for the legitimation of that state by the church leadership .

Finally , consolidate the results of the crime audit into an ‘ Action Plan ’ in which responsibilities are clearly allocated .
finally , consolidate the results of the crime audit into an ‘ action plan ’ in which responsibilities are clearly [divided] .

Some £150,000 will be allocated to various recreational schemes in London , most of which will be in boroughs through which the course runs ; boroughs which give us so much help .
some £150,000 will be [divided] to various recreational schemes in london , most of which will be in boroughs through which the course runs ; boroughs which give us so much help .

This presented a delicate problem , another of the house guests being also without his valet , raising the question as to which guest should be allocated the butler as valet and who the footman .
this presented a delicate problem , another of the house guests being also without his valet , raising the question as to which guest should be [divided] the butler as valet and who the footman .

Green stars are allocated at these shows and are made up on a points basis .
green stars are [divided] at these shows and are made up on a points basis .

Separate organisations were created for , among others , officially approved painters , writers and architects , with each group being allocated an official meeting place .
separate organisations were created for , among others , officially approved painters , writers and architects , with each group being [divided] an official meeting place .

LEAs had asked for £34 million for this year but were allocated £13.6 million .
leas had asked for £34 million for this year but were [divided] £13.6 million .

Details of the legislation — including the points system whereby passports are allocated to senior Hong Kong government officials and businessmen — may not emerge until Easter .
details of the legislation — including the points system whereby passports are [divided] to senior hong kong government officials and businessmen — may not emerge until easter .

Details of the legislation — including the points system whereby passports are allocated to senior Hong Kong government officials and businessmen — may not emerge until Easter .
details of the legislation — including the points system whereby passports are [divided] to senior hong kong government officials and businessmen — may not emerge until easter .

Chief Superintendent McLean says that last summer the resources he allocated to the protection of the Ks were greater than those given to anything , other than really serious crimes such as murder , in the two years he had been in charge of Hounslow division .
chief superintendent mclean says that last summer the resources he [divided] to the protection of the ks were greater than those given to anything , other than really serious crimes such as murder , in the two years he had been in charge of hounslow division .

Over the next two to three years , between 89 and 90 per cent of national income will be allocated for current consumption to cut the budget deficit to 92 billion roubles this year , and 60 billion roubles in 1990 .
over the next two to three years , between 89 and 90 per cent of national income will be [divided] for current consumption to cut the budget deficit to 92 billion roubles this year , and 60 billion roubles in 1990 .

Hence most of the pressure on the armed forces to reduce their activities took the form of persistent downward revision of the numbers of men ( and rather limited numbers of women ) allocated to them .
hence most of the pressure on the armed forces to reduce their activities took the form of persistent downward revision of the numbers of men ( and rather limited numbers of women ) [divided] to them .

The workers in section 61 were angry because they felt , firstly , that the quotas of production allocated to white workers were unfair compared with the quota allocated to them ; secondly , because conditions of work were different for Asian workers — their washing times , lunch breaks and toilet breaks were restricted ; and thirdly because , although most of the workers were Asians , the union branch had an overwhelmingly white shop steward 's committee ( there was only one Asian shop steward ) which was not only uninterested in their struggles but actively opposed to them .
the workers in section 61 were angry because they felt , firstly , that the quotas of production [divided] to white workers were unfair compared with the quota [divided] to them ; secondly , because conditions of work were different for asian workers — their washing times , lunch breaks and toilet breaks were restricted ; and thirdly because , although most of the workers were asians , the union branch had an overwhelmingly white shop steward 's committee ( there was only one asian shop steward ) which was not only uninterested in their struggles but actively opposed to them .

Whereas 10.4 per cent of the central budget was allocated to Narkompros in 1920 , this was reduced to 4.2 per cent for 1922 .
whereas 10.4 per cent of the central budget was [divided] to narkompros in 1920 , this was reduced to 4.2 per cent for 1922 .

As the total area allocated to these crops increased , so the amount of time and land which a family could devote to food crop production for its own consumption often diminished .
as the total area [divided] to these crops increased , so the amount of time and land which a family could devote to food crop production for its own consumption often diminished .

For instance , the manager of an airline , however committed he may be to an efficient seat reservation system , may be obliged to withdraw seats already allocated in favour of a minister and his train of attendants .
for instance , the manager of an airline , however committed he may be to an efficient seat reservation system , may be obliged to withdraw seats already [divided] in favour of a minister and his train of attendants .

In a new project with the local community the pupils from Rydon School , Storrington , undertook a community programme whereby they were allocated a Sussexdown resident and visited them twice a month .
in a new project with the local community the pupils from rydon school , storrington , undertook a community programme whereby they were [divided] a sussexdown resident and visited them twice a month .

Ergonomically , the layout is hard to fault but the space allocated for the otherwise clear and attractive instrumentation seems to have shrunk — it would have been far better to have the computer readout under the dials instead of the heater controls — and we question the need for such extravagantly styled air vents .
ergonomically , the layout is hard to fault but the space [divided] for the otherwise clear and attractive instrumentation seems to have shrunk — it would have been far better to have the computer readout under the dials instead of the heater controls — and we question the need for such extravagantly styled air vents .

He rejected claims that clubs like Birmingham should not be allocated fixtures in resort times at attractive weekends like the present Blackpool illuminations season .
he rejected claims that clubs like birmingham should not be [divided] fixtures in resort times at attractive weekends like the present blackpool illuminations season .

Because insufficient allowances were allocated , the union argues , the local education authorities used much of the money that should have been paid in incentive allowances to classroom teachers to pay the senior staff their incentive entitlements .
because insufficient allowances were [divided] , the union argues , the local education authorities used much of the money that should have been paid in incentive allowances to classroom teachers to pay the senior staff their incentive entitlements .

The revenue from road pricing would be allocated one-third to reducing general taxes , one-third to improving the roads and one-third to improving public transport .
the revenue from road pricing would be [divided] one-third to reducing general taxes , one-third to improving the roads and one-third to improving public transport .

Science budget allocated The Science Vote for 1992–93 has been divided as follows ( £m ) :
science budget [divided] the science vote for 1992–93 has been divided as follows ( £m ) :

The solution to the financial problem began to emerge with the adoption of a forward-planned annual budget in which each branch and student group was allocated a financial target or ‘ quota ’ to be raised each year to eradicate existing deficits and prevent recurrence of indebtedness .
the solution to the financial problem began to emerge with the adoption of a forward-planned annual budget in which each branch and student group was [divided] a financial target or ‘ quota ’ to be raised each year to eradicate existing deficits and prevent recurrence of indebtedness .

The introduction of a financial quota system inevitably placed unprecedented responsibilities on most branches and student groups to make tangible contributions to support their activities , and those of the District , which led to predictable objections from some branches and to genuine difficulty in meeting the allocated quotas in a few instances .
the introduction of a financial quota system inevitably placed unprecedented responsibilities on most branches and student groups to make tangible contributions to support their activities , and those of the district , which led to predictable objections from some branches and to genuine difficulty in meeting the [divided] quotas in a few instances .

The part of the Wallowa Valley desired by the Nez Perce in 1873 , and the completely contradictory area allocated them by the Indian Bureau .
the part of the wallowa valley desired by the nez perce in 1873 , and the completely contradictory area [divided] them by the indian bureau .

The funds made available through the Farm and Horticultural Development Scheme will be a sound national investment but does it make sense to embark on a programme with a possibility that perhaps after six years the land might be allocated to forestry ?
the funds made available through the farm and horticultural development scheme will be a sound national investment but does it make sense to embark on a programme with a possibility that perhaps after six years the land might be [divided] to forestry ?

Nor can the best overall decisions in the long term be achieved by considering piecemeal whether a particular parcel of land is allocated to forestry or retained in agriculture .
nor can the best overall decisions in the long term be achieved by considering piecemeal whether a particular parcel of land is [divided] to forestry or retained in agriculture .

Some writers argue that , once client status has been allocated , it is no longer appropriate to use the term prevention , since the agency response is one of treatment and rehabilitation ( Albee , 1982 ; Schinke et al .
some writers argue that , once client status has been [divided] , it is no longer appropriate to use the term prevention , since the agency response is one of treatment and rehabilitation ( albee , 1982 ; schinke et al .

During the second phase of expansion , Charles allocated authority to his three sons ; each had a kingdom under Charles , and was expected to guard the borders against hostile invasion .
during the second phase of expansion , charles [divided] authority to his three sons ; each had a kingdom under charles , and was expected to guard the borders against hostile invasion .

With a beach start everyone is allocated a position on a short line on the beach , the race organiser checks everyone is ready and then signals the start .
with a beach start everyone is [divided] a position on a short line on the beach , the race organiser checks everyone is ready and then signals the start .

By the end of 1982 only £766,000 had been allocated .
by the end of 1982 only £766,000 had been [divided] .

The horses turned their heads to look at him , but were not disturbed , except the mare which had been allocated to Gary .
the horses turned their heads to look at him , but were not disturbed , except the mare which had been [divided] to gary .

The one he was allocated , Parky , a homely , Hoomey-sized bay , was a piece of cake compared with Bones .
the one he was [divided] , parky , a homely , hoomey-sized bay , was a piece of cake compared with bones .

Of the four , Nutty saw hope for two — given twice their allocated time and decent , trained horses to ride .
of the four , nutty saw hope for two — given twice their [divided] time and decent , trained horses to ride .

On the expenditure side , the federal government allocated 460 billion dinars to defence , and a further 106 billion dinars to pension funds , much of which was probably in respect of pensions of military personnel and veterans .
on the expenditure side , the federal government [divided] 460 billion dinars to defence , and a further 106 billion dinars to pension funds , much of which was probably in respect of pensions of military personnel and veterans .

for agriculture or for exports ) , but the rest of the permitted amount of credit has to be allocated by ad hoc decisions .
for agriculture or for exports ) , but the rest of the permitted amount of credit has to be [divided] by ad hoc decisions .

Subsidy is no longer allocated on grounds of long-term benefit , nor to give voice to disenfranchised ‘ minorities ’ , nor to promote media literacy or experimental practice .
subsidy is no longer [divided] on grounds of long-term benefit , nor to give voice to disenfranchised ‘ minorities ’ , nor to promote media literacy or experimental practice .

Each dog is allocated to a guide dog trainer who has a ‘ pack ’ of dogs , all at various stages of training .
each dog is [divided] to a guide dog trainer who has a ‘ pack ’ of dogs , all at various stages of training .

Marked bays or shelving for each product type stocked should be allocated and reserved specifically for those products .
marked bays or shelving for each product type stocked should be [divided] and reserved specifically for those products .

Deliveries should be logged and after checking for shortages and damage goods should be fully unpacked and stored correctly in the allocated spaces .
deliveries should be logged and after checking for shortages and damage goods should be fully unpacked and stored correctly in the [divided] spaces .

Some advanced systems work on an ‘ approved supplier ’ basis with authorised suppliers allocated a code number .
some advanced systems work on an ‘ approved supplier ’ basis with authorised suppliers [divided] a code number .

Equally a sum allocated to a department to cover all expenditure does not aid control .
equally a sum [divided] to a department to cover all expenditure does not aid control .

Insufficient time allocated
insufficient time [divided]

This kept Syrian troops away from the West Bank area which Abdallah wished to incorporate into Transjordan , and undermined the Arab League plan to cut off east Galilee , which had been allocated to the Jewish State .
this kept syrian troops away from the west bank area which abdallah wished to incorporate into transjordan , and undermined the arab league plan to cut off east galilee , which had been [divided] to the jewish state .

Here they fought bitterly with Jewish forces for control of the Jerusalem area , which had been allocated to neither side under the Partition Plan .
here they fought bitterly with jewish forces for control of the jerusalem area , which had been [divided] to neither side under the partition plan .

Three of these are allocated to different crops and the fourth lies fallow .
three of these are [divided] to different crops and the fourth lies fallow .

‘ The visit , in view of the time allocated , was necessarily superficial and only likely to have picked up gross discrepancies , ’ it said .
‘ the visit , in view of the time [divided] , was necessarily superficial and only likely to have picked up gross discrepancies , ’ it said .

Seats are allocated to individuals according to position on the list ( party favourites first ) .
seats are [divided] to individuals according to position on the list ( party favourites first ) .

The monies allocated to the Training Division will be used to subsidise the cost to Age Concern organisations of courses , training needs analysis and other training services provided by the Age Concern Training Division .
the monies [divided] to the training division will be used to subsidise the cost to age concern organisations of courses , training needs analysis and other training services provided by the age concern training division .

Michael Heseltine , Secretary of State for the Environment , stated that from April 1992 , 60 % rather than the current 50 % of Government housing finance will be allocated on a discretionary basis following civil servants ' assessment of councils ' performance .
michael heseltine , secretary of state for the environment , stated that from april 1992 , 60 % rather than the current 50 % of government housing finance will be [divided] on a discretionary basis following civil servants ' assessment of councils ' performance .

The proportion allocated according to a need formula will drop to 40 % .
the proportion [divided] according to a need formula will drop to 40 % .

The example of the police radios shows the relative permanence of being allocated a piece of spectrum — radios and other broadcasting equipment , whether for entertainment or communication , are designed to sort out what it wants to pick up from the rest of the signal .
the example of the police radios shows the relative permanence of being [divided] a piece of spectrum — radios and other broadcasting equipment , whether for entertainment or communication , are designed to sort out what it wants to pick up from the rest of the signal .

In the trade union section , which is allocated 40 per cent of the total vote , Mr Davies came first with 25 votes , Field second with 15 and Wilson last with 11 votes .
in the trade union section , which is [divided] 40 per cent of the total vote , mr davies came first with 25 votes , field second with 15 and wilson last with 11 votes .

Government advisers said the public element of the offer was four times subscribed , ensuring that shares allocated for foreign investors were ‘ clawed back ’ for private applicants , who will now be allocated virtually 30 per cent of the entire sale .
government advisers said the public element of the offer was four times subscribed , ensuring that shares [divided] for foreign investors were ‘ clawed back ’ for private applicants , who will now be [divided] virtually 30 per cent of the entire sale .

Court staffing levels would be increased by 400 in the next financial year and an extra £2 million had been allocated to the court service for this financial year .
court staffing levels would be increased by 400 in the next financial year and an extra £2 million had been [divided] to the court service for this financial year .

Again it says licences will be allocated by competitive tender , as for Channel 3 , but as yet it is unlikely Channel 5 will be broadcast nationwide .
again it says licences will be [divided] by competitive tender , as for channel 3 , but as yet it is unlikely channel 5 will be broadcast nationwide .

Decisions should also be reached as to whether appointment lists should be displayed in the school and parents invited to come in to choose a discussion time or whether staff will decide and write to parents informing them of an allocated time .
decisions should also be reached as to whether appointment lists should be displayed in the school and parents invited to come in to choose a discussion time or whether staff will decide and write to parents informing them of an [divided] time .

Phillips also queries the amount of money newly allocated to the research councils to cover overheads of some projects previously paid for by the universities .
phillips also queries the amount of money newly [divided] to the research councils to cover overheads of some projects previously paid for by the universities .

The government has allocated £50 million in 1992/93 and £100 million in 1993/94 .
the government has [divided] £50 million in 1992/93 and £100 million in 1993/94 .

’ This meant that Blake was allocated a special cell which was changed at irregular intervals , that had to be examined every day , and Blake and the cell completely searched at least once a fortnight .
’ this meant that blake was [divided] a special cell which was changed at irregular intervals , that had to be examined every day , and blake and the cell completely searched at least once a fortnight .

We allocated speaking and listening to one profile component since they are essentially reciprocal , interacting activities and , as such , best taken together .
we [divided] speaking and listening to one profile component since they are essentially reciprocal , interacting activities and , as such , best taken together .

If you cast a shrewd eye around the countryside in March , you can not fail to notice that spring is heralded not only by splashes of yellow celandines and pale primroses in the hedge-banks , but also by gleaming yellow diggers , hastily working their way up the watercourses to use up their allocated budget before the financial year ends on 1 April .
if you cast a shrewd eye around the countryside in march , you can not fail to notice that spring is heralded not only by splashes of yellow celandines and pale primroses in the hedge-banks , but also by gleaming yellow diggers , hastily working their way up the watercourses to use up their [divided] budget before the financial year ends on 1 april .

Some would flinch at such language as a description of how medical resources are allocated , but would agree with what is behind it , that rational allocation or planning is an illusion .
some would flinch at such language as a description of how medical resources are [divided] , but would agree with what is behind it , that rational allocation or planning is an illusion .

It follows that a just society must set its policies and write its laws to ensure that everyone , beginning with the least advantaged and most vulnerable , has an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net resources allocated to health .
it follows that a just society must set its policies and write its laws to ensure that everyone , beginning with the least advantaged and most vulnerable , has an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net resources [divided] to health .

As regards care of the neonate , which is our particular concern here , what are important are the criteria whereby resources are allocated .
as regards care of the neonate , which is our particular concern here , what are important are the criteria whereby resources are [divided] .

In previous World Cups , two days were allocated to each match so that contests which were not concluded on the first could be decided on the reserve day .
in previous world cups , two days were [divided] to each match so that contests which were not concluded on the first could be decided on the reserve day .

Inevitably , therefore , and despite the broad range of goals allocated to them , UDCs tend to stress property-led regeneration and thereby dilute wider urban policy goals .
inevitably , therefore , and despite the broad range of goals [divided] to them , udcs tend to stress property-led regeneration and thereby dilute wider urban policy goals .

Of the first bond issue ( and by far the most significant in terms of funds raised : $ 20 million ) , 39 per cent was allocated to investors ( individual loans averaging $ 57,064 ) whilst 61 per cent was allocated to owner-occupants ( individual loans averaging $ 40,342 ) .
of the first bond issue ( and by far the most significant in terms of funds raised : $ 20 million ) , 39 per cent was [divided] to investors ( individual loans averaging $ 57,064 ) whilst 61 per cent was [divided] to owner-occupants ( individual loans averaging $ 40,342 ) .

You can fly into the Biggin Air Fair , but you will need to have a slot time allocated for your arrival .
you can fly into the biggin air fair , but you will need to have a slot time [divided] for your arrival .

Children making sandwich biscuits might be allocated ‘ tops ’ or ‘ bottoms ’ .
children making sandwich biscuits might be [divided] ‘ tops ’ or ‘ bottoms ’ .

The distribution of money allocated was very skewed : it ranged from nothing to over £20,000 , with 50 % of libraries spending under £1,800 ( the modal value ) .
the distribution of money [divided] was very skewed : it ranged from nothing to over £20,000 , with 50 % of libraries spending under £1,800 ( the modal value ) .

Nineteen of the 31 authorities who spent over £3,000 ( see Table 11 ) actually spent £5,000 or more , and it should be noted that this group of 19 library authorities accounted for 55 % of the money directly allocated to training by our sample , while employing just under a quarter of all staff .
nineteen of the 31 authorities who spent over £3,000 ( see table 11 ) actually spent £5,000 or more , and it should be noted that this group of 19 library authorities accounted for 55 % of the money directly [divided] to training by our sample , while employing just under a quarter of all staff .

For example , this group included a county authority with an establishment of 187 who specifically allocated £8,100 to training and who also expected to have access to a further estimated £2,000 from a Central Training Fund , for special training projects .
for example , this group included a county authority with an establishment of 187 who specifically [divided] £8,100 to training and who also expected to have access to a further estimated £2,000 from a central training fund , for special training projects .

All but one County authority and all but one Inner London authority allocated over £1,500 , while the majority of Outer London , Welsh and Scottish authorities allocated under £1,500 ( see Table 14 ) .
all but one county authority and all but one inner london authority [divided] over £1,500 , while the majority of outer london , welsh and scottish authorities [divided] under £1,500 ( see table 14 ) .

The majority of Metropolitan authorities allocated over £1,500 , as did all but one of the Northern Ireland Library Boards : that one Board allocated just under £1,500 .
the majority of metropolitan authorities [divided] over £1,500 , as did all but one of the northern ireland library boards : that one board [divided] just under £1,500 .

Table 15 indicates that 45 % of authorities experienced an increase in allocated money , while 31 % had the same amount and 11 % had less for 1984/5 .
table 15 indicates that 45 % of authorities experienced an increase in [divided] money , while 31 % had the same amount and 11 % had less for 1984/5 .

‘ £8,000 a year allocated for external course fees , travel and subsistence , plus an estimated £6,500 per annum indirectly spent on staff library training films , video tapes etc . ‘ In total only four library authorities did not say that some money was available to be spent , from one source or another , although some named very small amounts :
‘ £8,000 a year [divided] for external course fees , travel and subsistence , plus an estimated £6,500 per annum indirectly spent on staff library training films , video tapes etc . ‘ in total only four library authorities did not say that some money was available to be spent , from one source or another , although some named very small amounts :

Directly budgeted money accounted for 71% of the total amount of money that was stated by our sample as being spent on training , money allocated under other wider budgetary headings accounted for 16% , money ‘ indirectly ’ spent accounted for 8% , and ‘ extra funds ’ money for 5% .
directly budgeted money accounted for 71% of the total amount of money that was stated by our sample as being spent on training , money [divided] under other wider budgetary headings accounted for 16% , money ‘ indirectly ’ spent accounted for 8% , and ‘ extra funds ’ money for 5% .

‘ Training funds are controlled by the Authority 's personnel service but are allocated each year to departments .
‘ training funds are controlled by the authority 's personnel service but are [divided] each year to departments .

For example , a further group of authorities indicated that although nominal responsibility had been allocated , involvement in terms of time allocated to training was very low .
for example , a further group of authorities indicated that although nominal responsibility had been [divided] , involvement in terms of time [divided] to training was very low .

Authorities as a whole divided themselves clearly into three groups ( see Table 19 ) : firstly , those who said that one person or a small specified group allocated the equivalent of a quarter of their time to training , secondly , those authorities who estimated a smaller amount of one person 's time ( normally 10–15 % and most commonly Deputy or Assistant Chiefs ) and thirdly , those allocating largely nominal ( or no responsibility ) for training .
authorities as a whole divided themselves clearly into three groups ( see table 19 ) : firstly , those who said that one person or a small specified group [divided] the equivalent of a quarter of their time to training , secondly , those authorities who estimated a smaller amount of one person 's time ( normally 10–15 % and most commonly deputy or assistant chiefs ) and thirdly , those allocating largely nominal ( or no responsibility ) for training .

Perhaps not surprisingly , the average spending of the 27 authorities with named training officers was also just over £5,000 : the presence of a training officer would be expected to influence expenditure on training , and conversely , it is logical to appoint a training officer if a significant budget is being allocated to training .
perhaps not surprisingly , the average spending of the 27 authorities with named training officers was also just over £5,000 : the presence of a training officer would be expected to influence expenditure on training , and conversely , it is logical to appoint a training officer if a significant budget is being [divided] to training .

Size of establishment was once again significant ( see Table 21 ) indicating that all but two ( 13% ) of the large libraries allocated at least a quarter of a specified staff member 's time to training .
size of establishment was once again significant ( see table 21 ) indicating that all but two ( 13% ) of the large libraries [divided] at least a quarter of a specified staff member 's time to training .

‘ Full-time training officer , time allocated to library department unspecified and as required ’ .
‘ full-time training officer , time [divided] to library department unspecified and as required ’ .

Some further resources ( or facilities ) that are available for libraries to utilize other than those discussed in this chapter , are looked at in Chapter 5 , but one resource that is fundamental to an effective training programme i.e. effective use of resources allocated — and one that is available to all libraries — is a positive training ‘ climate ’ .
some further resources ( or facilities ) that are available for libraries to utilize other than those discussed in this chapter , are looked at in chapter 5 , but one resource that is fundamental to an effective training programme i.e. effective use of resources [divided] — and one that is available to all libraries — is a positive training ‘ climate ’ .

But his fiancee may think that all time not allocated to necessities such as work should be spent together .
but his fiancee may think that all time not [divided] to necessities such as work should be spent together .

Frederick insisted that Polish nobles must either live on their estates in Prussia or sell up their holdings , and to this end he allocated state funds to purchase any Polish lands that came available .
frederick insisted that polish nobles must either live on their estates in prussia or sell up their holdings , and to this end he [divided] state funds to purchase any polish lands that came available .

The Commission was widely believed to be the only hope of reversing the Ostflucht and was allocated vast sums of money by the Prussian government .
the commission was widely believed to be the only hope of reversing the ostflucht and was [divided] vast sums of money by the prussian government .

In 1908 , against fierce opposition from the majority of Prussian property-owners , the Catholic Centre Party and the Union of West German Liberals , Prince Bülow equipped the Colonisation Commission with the legal power to seize Polish property , and allocated increased government funding — including a substantial bribe to the Junkers to persuade them to use German rather than the cheaper Polish labour .
in 1908 , against fierce opposition from the majority of prussian property-owners , the catholic centre party and the union of west german liberals , prince bülow equipped the colonisation commission with the legal power to seize polish property , and [divided] increased government funding — including a substantial bribe to the junkers to persuade them to use german rather than the cheaper polish labour .

On 28 June 1919 the Treaty was put into effect and plebiscites were set up in Warmia , Mazuria and Silesia to determine the exact areas of land to be allocated to Poland .
on 28 june 1919 the treaty was put into effect and plebiscites were set up in warmia , mazuria and silesia to determine the exact areas of land to be [divided] to poland .

With the acquisition of the Southern Collection it became apparent that the accommodation allocated to the Theatre Collection was seriously inadequate .
with the acquisition of the southern collection it became apparent that the accommodation [divided] to the theatre collection was seriously inadequate .

With a nice sense of timing the University allocated two extra rooms to the Collection , adjacent to the existing stackroom , one of which was designated the Old Vic Room .
with a nice sense of timing the university [divided] two extra rooms to the collection , adjacent to the existing stackroom , one of which was designated the old vic room .

In 1989 , however , the University allocated the VanDyck Gallery in Park Row to the Collection and the following year , which by a happy coincidence marked its 40th anniversary , the Theatre Collection was able for the first time to mount an exhibition in its own Gallery .
in 1989 , however , the university [divided] the vandyck gallery in park row to the collection and the following year , which by a happy coincidence marked its 40th anniversary , the theatre collection was able for the first time to mount an exhibition in its own gallery .

Ideally the research team would have liked a randomised control experimental design whereby half the eligible people would have been allocated to the action group and the remainder to the control group on a random basis .
ideally the research team would have liked a randomised control experimental design whereby half the eligible people would have been [divided] to the action group and the remainder to the control group on a random basis .

There would then be the cost of the general services to the hospital , such as catering , portering , cleaning , laundry and maintenance to be allocated on a ward basis .
there would then be the cost of the general services to the hospital , such as catering , portering , cleaning , laundry and maintenance to be [divided] on a ward basis .

Each person referred , even if he or she remained at home , was allocated to either the community psychiatric nurse or the social worker ( as key worker ) ; their case was reviewed by the team every six weeks , and was never closed , except by death or removal from the area .
each person referred , even if he or she remained at home , was [divided] to either the community psychiatric nurse or the social worker ( as key worker ) ; their case was reviewed by the team every six weeks , and was never closed , except by death or removal from the area .

In other words , the principle is that ‘ within a fixed budget , health care resources should be allocated so as to achieve the greatest aggregate of well-being for patients .
in other words , the principle is that ‘ within a fixed budget , health care resources should be [divided] so as to achieve the greatest aggregate of well-being for patients .

Places are allocated on a strictly first come first served basis , and are limited to a maximum of 16 places , some of which are already allocated .
places are [divided] on a strictly first come first served basis , and are limited to a maximum of 16 places , some of which are already [divided] .

Under the headings of ‘ academic ’ and ‘ public ’ libraries , this chapter examines two subjects . Firstly , how is the budget figure for library materials achieved ? Secondly , how is that figure divided up , or allocated — that is , how is the library 's policy translated into financial terms ?
under the headings of ‘ academic ’ and ‘ public ’ libraries , this chapter examines two subjects . firstly , how is the budget figure for library materials achieved ? secondly , how is that figure divided up , or [divided] — that is , how is the library 's policy translated into financial terms ?

Funding is increasingly allocated on the basis of taught student numbers and/or research students numbers ( this applies to library funding too . )
funding is increasingly [divided] on the basis of taught student numbers and/or research students numbers ( this applies to library funding too . )

The ‘ bibliographical division ’ is divided into subject groups , each of which is responsible for professional duties in one service point of the authority , and also for all the bibliographical responsibilities in the subject field allocated to it .
the ‘ bibliographical division ’ is divided into subject groups , each of which is responsible for professional duties in one service point of the authority , and also for all the bibliographical responsibilities in the subject field [divided] to it .

Many advisers were desperate for more space : the bureau general office being too crowded with administrative workers who should have their own area ; they wanted easy access to the information system without too much clutter ; some suggested that the telephone adviser should be in a separate area and a separate receptionist area be allocated , and a coffee machine be available for clients .
many advisers were desperate for more space : the bureau general office being too crowded with administrative workers who should have their own area ; they wanted easy access to the information system without too much clutter ; some suggested that the telephone adviser should be in a separate area and a separate receptionist area be [divided] , and a coffee machine be available for clients .

Respondents wanted the office to be kept tidy and records well organised , and no-smoking areas allocated .
respondents wanted the office to be kept tidy and records well organised , and no-smoking areas [divided] .

The half day per month allocated to every worker for reading is second only to interviewing .
the half day per month [divided] to every worker for reading is second only to interviewing .

Special tasks allocated at the previous meeting are read out to check that they have been completed .
special tasks [divided] at the previous meeting are read out to check that they have been completed .

Problems arising from interviews are discussed and the task of case checking allocated for the following week .
problems arising from interviews are discussed and the task of case checking [divided] for the following week .

Prospective advice workers are first allocated to a bureau , as described above .
prospective advice workers are first [divided] to a bureau , as described above .

Area basic training courses have varied quite considerably with regard to the time allocated to interviewing skills and solid information .
area basic training courses have varied quite considerably with regard to the time [divided] to interviewing skills and solid information .

The majority of College finance is provided by central government grants , which are divided at local level into that required to provide central administrative and support services , and that used to finance the College operations , allocated on a pro-rata basis to individual establishments dependent on the level of course provision and student numbers .
the majority of college finance is provided by central government grants , which are divided at local level into that required to provide central administrative and support services , and that used to finance the college operations , [divided] on a pro-rata basis to individual establishments dependent on the level of course provision and student numbers .

Consequently , the model excludes activities associated with making precise calculations of actual resource needs and costs , and reflects the use of weighted factors to determine instead the relative costs of courses , thus allowing the available finance to be allocated on an equitable basis to Colleges , and within Colleges , to Departments .
consequently , the model excludes activities associated with making precise calculations of actual resource needs and costs , and reflects the use of weighted factors to determine instead the relative costs of courses , thus allowing the available finance to be [divided] on an equitable basis to colleges , and within colleges , to departments .

This involves making very broad brush assumptions about how costs can be allocated to broadly defined client groups .
this involves making very broad brush assumptions about how costs can be [divided] to broadly defined client groups .

It does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to Regions , Districts and Units , and the ‘ before and after ’ cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when Districts or Units actually increase or decrease their employment of fixed assets .
it does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is [divided] down to regions , districts and units , and the ‘ before and after ’ cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when districts or units actually increase or decrease their employment of fixed assets .

Joe got allocated to the beat ,
joe got [divided] to the beat ,

When you have allocated a place for all the goods , you will need showcards and name cards to go above each section ( ie telling the customer where the different sections are ) .
when you have [divided] a place for all the goods , you will need showcards and name cards to go above each section ( ie telling the customer where the different sections are ) .

The repair of Whitley bombers was allocated to Wolverton Works in January 1941 , and to accommodate these repairs , two bays in the Road Vehicle Shop and part of the Hair Carding Shop were used .
the repair of whitley bombers was [divided] to wolverton works in january 1941 , and to accommodate these repairs , two bays in the road vehicle shop and part of the hair carding shop were used .

Bowling lanes are allocated on the basis of games rather than time .
bowling lanes are [divided] on the basis of games rather than time .

The large majority of primary school teachers are officially allocated just over 40 minutes a week away from the classes . What good is that to the poor soul who is supposed to take the lead in science teaching , when there are seven colleagues requiring help , two or three with neither 0- nor A-level in science , and none with post-initial training of any substance ? Or , for that matter , what good is it to the teacher who has to keep up with the ins and outs of teaching reading and who needs to diagnose the difficulties of Jason , Amil and Della and then advise a colleague on how to help them ?
the large majority of primary school teachers are officially [divided] just over 40 minutes a week away from the classes . what good is that to the poor soul who is supposed to take the lead in science teaching , when there are seven colleagues requiring help , two or three with neither 0- nor a-level in science , and none with post-initial training of any substance ? or , for that matter , what good is it to the teacher who has to keep up with the ins and outs of teaching reading and who needs to diagnose the difficulties of jason , amil and della and then advise a colleague on how to help them ?

The government has allocated , for the introduction of the National Curriculum into 24,000 schools , the sum of £30 million .
the government has [divided] , for the introduction of the national curriculum into 24,000 schools , the sum of £30 million .

If you should die during the term of the Bond the death benefit will be the greater of the encashment value allocated to your Bond at the time of death and your original investment .
if you should die during the term of the bond the death benefit will be the greater of the encashment value [divided] to your bond at the time of death and your original investment .

Curriculum days were allocated for training and followed later by in-service specifically aimed at form tutors of the relevant year groups .
curriculum days were [divided] for training and followed later by in-service specifically aimed at form tutors of the relevant year groups .

What is important here is that partnership activities have clear , explicit agreed aims which can be realistically achieved given the human and other resources allocated to them .
what is important here is that partnership activities have clear , explicit agreed aims which can be realistically achieved given the human and other resources [divided] to them .

Dr Hill was allocated to deal with this previously unmentionable condition .
dr hill was [divided] to deal with this previously unmentionable condition .

Even the London Docklands Development Corporation ( arguably the least local of the boards ) has been involved in negotiations with the London Borough of Newham over low-cost housing and has resisted proposals from developers to utilize land allocated for such housing for other purposes .
even the london docklands development corporation ( arguably the least local of the boards ) has been involved in negotiations with the london borough of newham over low-cost housing and has resisted proposals from developers to utilize land [divided] for such housing for other purposes .

It was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .
it was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often [divided] collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .

the skills or subjects taught and the amount of time allocated to each ;
the skills or subjects taught and the amount of time [divided] to each ;

Although it is intended to charge actual staff costs , including incentive allowances , National Insurance , pensions and other costs , to the school 's budget , the formula by which the school 's finances are allocated does not take this into account .
although it is intended to charge actual staff costs , including incentive allowances , national insurance , pensions and other costs , to the school 's budget , the formula by which the school 's finances are [divided] does not take this into account .

Consequently , in many schools a cycle of educational decision-making is already well established : aims are determined , objectives and policies are set out and prioritised ; planning their achievement leads to budgeting ( ie resources are allocated ) ; implementation is monitored and progress is evaluated ; the cycle is complete .
consequently , in many schools a cycle of educational decision-making is already well established : aims are determined , objectives and policies are set out and prioritised ; planning their achievement leads to budgeting ( ie resources are [divided] ) ; implementation is monitored and progress is evaluated ; the cycle is complete .

Highly effective schools were identified , based on the school 's reputation and a checklist of 43 characteristics of effective schools and 12 characteristics of schools which allocated resources in a highly effective manner .
highly effective schools were identified , based on the school 's reputation and a checklist of 43 characteristics of effective schools and 12 characteristics of schools which [divided] resources in a highly effective manner .

Schools are allocated funding for resources such as teaching staff , equipment , supplies and services ; staff are hired centrally but selected by heads .
schools are [divided] funding for resources such as teaching staff , equipment , supplies and services ; staff are hired centrally but selected by heads .

Each school received figures showing how the total sum available to them had been allocated under different headings .
each school received figures showing how the total sum available to them had been [divided] under different headings .

Previously the budget had always been allocated on a historical basis .
previously the budget had always been [divided] on a historical basis .

Each school had experienced a different degree of financial devolution , from limited delegation allocated by historical funding to almost full delegation to include staff costs based on formula funding .
each school had experienced a different degree of financial devolution , from limited delegation [divided] by historical funding to almost full delegation to include staff costs based on formula funding .

The key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , As a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .
the key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , as a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be [divided] to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .

This is when members are divided into two squadrons and allocated either an 8.30am or 12.30pm session on either day .
this is when members are divided into two squadrons and [divided] either an 8.30am or 12.30pm session on either day .

Each year 960 research awards are allocated by the academy ; last year 72 applicants with first-class degrees were turned down .
each year 960 research awards are [divided] by the academy ; last year 72 applicants with first-class degrees were turned down .

Others are questioning the whole basis by which grants are allocated .
others are questioning the whole basis by which grants are [divided] .

Uranium acquired but not yet allocated to civil or military use escapes this obligation , however .
uranium acquired but not yet [divided] to civil or military use escapes this obligation , however .

Life gets more complicated when the typeset text is too long or too short to fill the space allocated on the page .
life gets more complicated when the typeset text is too long or too short to fill the space [divided] on the page .

The remaining portion of the departmental budget will be allocated according to the amount of outside research money the department manages to attract — a scheme reminiscent of one on trial by London University .
the remaining portion of the departmental budget will be [divided] according to the amount of outside research money the department manages to attract — a scheme reminiscent of one on trial by london university .

Of the £50 million that the act set aside , by the middle of last year the government had allocated only about £10 million .
of the £50 million that the act set aside , by the middle of last year the government had [divided] only about £10 million .

It was thus possible to write a program that allocated scores to all the possible legal moves in a given position .
it was thus possible to write a program that [divided] scores to all the possible legal moves in a given position .

There rich specimen is opened in a nitrogen-filled glove box , photographed again , and the location , weight , and character of each subsample is meticulously documented before being allocated for scientific study .
there rich specimen is opened in a nitrogen-filled glove box , photographed again , and the location , weight , and character of each subsample is meticulously documented before being [divided] for scientific study .

By the end of last year , almost £300 million had been allocated under the scheme to more than 7000 companies .
by the end of last year , almost £300 million had been [divided] under the scheme to more than 7000 companies .

It is worth mentioning that the final is not so theoretical as perhaps believed : 40 per cent of the marks are allocated in the practical paper .
it is worth mentioning that the final is not so theoretical as perhaps believed : 40 per cent of the marks are [divided] in the practical paper .

If spread over the whole of the department 's research budget , the shortfall in the two areas would mean that between 25 and 40 per cent of the cash allocated for 1982–83 has remained unspent .
if spread over the whole of the department 's research budget , the shortfall in the two areas would mean that between 25 and 40 per cent of the cash [divided] for 1982–83 has remained unspent .

The position was even worse in 1981–82 , when £4 million was spent out of the £ 10 million allocated .
the position was even worse in 1981–82 , when £4 million was spent out of the £ 10 million [divided] .

In 1981–82 , £ 14.6 million was spent out of the £ 19.1 million allocated .
in 1981–82 , £ 14.6 million was spent out of the £ 19.1 million [divided] .

The remaining 4 min 44 s was allocated between a new , mid-air launched , Canadian lifeboat ; a Dr Jane Smith , researching into high-frequency squeals baby mice emit to summon their mums ; and a chin-controlled wheelchair developed at John ( sic ) Hopkins University .
the remaining 4 min 44 s was [divided] between a new , mid-air launched , canadian lifeboat ; a dr jane smith , researching into high-frequency squeals baby mice emit to summon their mums ; and a chin-controlled wheelchair developed at john ( sic ) hopkins university .

Time available in schools is almost invariably less than time allocated in curriculum plans .
time available in schools is almost invariably less than time [divided] in curriculum plans .

This is humanity 's oft-repeated experience , and in the long run it is experience which really teaches , and no amount of scriptural citation of divinely allocated land will ever alter that .
this is humanity 's oft-repeated experience , and in the long run it is experience which really teaches , and no amount of scriptural citation of divinely [divided] land will ever alter that .

The £1bn allocated to cost overruns in the Offer for Sale was substantially reduced by two upward revisions of the budget which raised the total cost from £4.87bn in November 1987 to a little under £5bn in March 1989 .
the £1bn [divided] to cost overruns in the offer for sale was substantially reduced by two upward revisions of the budget which raised the total cost from £4.87bn in november 1987 to a little under £5bn in march 1989 .

If necessary rescheduling should be carried out either to give a new completion date or to increase resources ( or reduce time allocated ) in order to get back on schedule .
if necessary rescheduling should be carried out either to give a new completion date or to increase resources ( or reduce time [divided] ) in order to get back on schedule .

Costs deriving from the cost centre analysis are usually then allocated on a fair basis between the profit centres to give a departmental or activity net profit .
costs deriving from the cost centre analysis are usually then [divided] on a fair basis between the profit centres to give a departmental or activity net profit .

There are a limited number of places available for what promises to be an enormously enjoyable occasion , so tickets at £15.50 will be allocated on a first-come , first-served basis .
there are a limited number of places available for what promises to be an enormously enjoyable occasion , so tickets at £15.50 will be [divided] on a first-come , first-served basis .

The seven percent of the first wave fund-holders was allocated £14.5 million to set up the administrative side of the scheme , but the remaining 93 percent were given a total of £19 million in the 1991 autumn statement .
the seven percent of the first wave fund-holders was [divided] £14.5 million to set up the administrative side of the scheme , but the remaining 93 percent were given a total of £19 million in the 1991 autumn statement .

Tony Chivers reported that a number of villagers had volunteered to be footpath representatives and had been allocated two paths each , which they had agreed to walk at least twice a year .
tony chivers reported that a number of villagers had volunteered to be footpath representatives and had been [divided] two paths each , which they had agreed to walk at least twice a year .

More than 50 international banks and management consultancies have been allocated packets of about 10 companies each , and are charged with preparing sales memos and finding buyers .
more than 50 international banks and management consultancies have been [divided] packets of about 10 companies each , and are charged with preparing sales memos and finding buyers .

First-year students are allocated most of these places .
first-year students are [divided] most of these places .

Where a university subject of the candidate 's choice has not been allocated a quota award , it may be possible for the Head of Department to nominate the candidate for an appeals award .
where a university subject of the candidate 's choice has not been [divided] a quota award , it may be possible for the head of department to nominate the candidate for an appeals award .

The University has been allocated from the European Social Fund a number of training grants tenable on the following full-time postgraduate courses :
the university has been [divided] from the european social fund a number of training grants tenable on the following full-time postgraduate courses :

Students who proceed to prepare a dissertation are allocated a supervisor , who is usually a member of the teaching staff on the course .
students who proceed to prepare a dissertation are [divided] a supervisor , who is usually a member of the teaching staff on the course .

Furthermore , the tutor may be allocated to a particular ward or unit to help to co-ordinate the learning programme .
furthermore , the tutor may be [divided] to a particular ward or unit to help to co-ordinate the learning programme .

She may be allocated a group of learners , and follow them throughout their training .
she may be [divided] a group of learners , and follow them throughout their training .

Alternatively , she may be allocated specific wards where she is responsible for all learners who work there .
alternatively , she may be [divided] specific wards where she is responsible for all learners who work there .

Tutorial time may be allocated to a discussion of ethical problems , or to a general talk about ward policy .
tutorial time may be [divided] to a discussion of ethical problems , or to a general talk about ward policy .

If students are allocated to the ward for eight-week periods , it is sensible to have a rotating cycle of an eight-week programme .
if students are [divided] to the ward for eight-week periods , it is sensible to have a rotating cycle of an eight-week programme .

The learner is allocated to the ward for such a short period that every learning opportunity must be exploited to the full .
the learner is [divided] to the ward for such a short period that every learning opportunity must be exploited to the full .

First-year students are allocated most of these places .
first-year students are [divided] most of these places .

Those awaiting examination results may have a provisional place allocated to them .
those awaiting examination results may have a provisional place [divided] to them .

Students accepted on to the Diploma in Social Work will be considered for payment of fees by the Department of Health and Social Services only if they are allocated a quota place by the University .
students accepted on to the diploma in social work will be considered for payment of fees by the department of health and social services only if they are [divided] a quota place by the university .

Many retired couples say that they have always shared the chores , but even a couple of the same sex sharing a home may have allocated each other certain jobs over the years , and need now to rethink who does what .
many retired couples say that they have always shared the chores , but even a couple of the same sex sharing a home may have [divided] each other certain jobs over the years , and need now to rethink who does what .

Recent press coverage was given to a newly married couple , both aged 85 , who arrived at their hotel to discover that they had been allocated twin beds .
recent press coverage was given to a newly married couple , both aged 85 , who arrived at their hotel to discover that they had been [divided] twin beds .

The teaching of study skills should of course obviate the problems that arise in assignments and projects , but generally this provision has been made at a later stage of the pupils ' school career , at the sixth-form level , when a recognized amount of their time is allocated to private study .
the teaching of study skills should of course obviate the problems that arise in assignments and projects , but generally this provision has been made at a later stage of the pupils ' school career , at the sixth-form level , when a recognized amount of their time is [divided] to private study .

The main difficulty has been that teachers allocated to rural schools , especially local district council schools , found themselves virtually without back-up .
the main difficulty has been that teachers [divided] to rural schools , especially local district council schools , found themselves virtually without back-up .

It is , however , possible to make reasonable estimates of where some budgets were allocated ( Lawless , 1981b ) .
it is , however , possible to make reasonable estimates of where some budgets were [divided] ( lawless , 1981b ) .

Education and , to some extent , housing , were allocated only limited support , partly because they were seen as dominating mainstream local-authority expenditure .
education and , to some extent , housing , were [divided] only limited support , partly because they were seen as dominating mainstream local-authority expenditure .

All of the seven Partnerships allocated at least 15 per cent of spending to economic development projects in the late 1970s , and similar proportions were spent on environmental schemes .
all of the seven partnerships [divided] at least 15 per cent of spending to economic development projects in the late 1970s , and similar proportions were spent on environmental schemes .

Between 1974 and 1979 , for example , the Department of Industry allocated about £250 million in regional assistance to Merseyside — almost all of which went to green-field locations ( Nabarro , 1980 ) .
between 1974 and 1979 , for example , the department of industry [divided] about £250 million in regional assistance to merseyside — almost all of which went to green-field locations ( nabarro , 1980 ) .

However , rather more was usually allocated to capital projects : at least 60 per cent expenditure was so defined , with almost 90 per cent going to capital schemes in some councils .
however , rather more was usually [divided] to capital projects : at least 60 per cent expenditure was so defined , with almost 90 per cent going to capital schemes in some councils .

The bulk of the programme would then outline in some detail the specific projects being funded , and the resources allocated to them over a 3–4-year period .
the bulk of the programme would then outline in some detail the specific projects being funded , and the resources [divided] to them over a 3–4-year period .

Economic projects tend to support companies and infrastructural provision ; social and community projects usually involve funding for community and leisure centres or educational and advice projects ; housing schemes are directed towards improvement and the needs of special groups ; and environmental expenditure is allocated to improving older buildings and vacant sites .
economic projects tend to support companies and infrastructural provision ; social and community projects usually involve funding for community and leisure centres or educational and advice projects ; housing schemes are directed towards improvement and the needs of special groups ; and environmental expenditure is [divided] to improving older buildings and vacant sites .

The nurse who admits new patients needs to explain whether or not they have been allocated to her in a patient allocation scheme ; if so , for how long she will be on duty ; and the staffing arrangements that will be made for the other two shifts .
the nurse who admits new patients needs to explain whether or not they have been [divided] to her in a patient allocation scheme ; if so , for how long she will be on duty ; and the staffing arrangements that will be made for the other two shifts .

Finally , having ranked the symptoms as above , additional points need to be allocated according to the strength of each symptom on a scale of 1 to 3. dTake into account the intensity and consistency in deciding how many points to give for this .
finally , having ranked the symptoms as above , additional points need to be [divided] according to the strength of each symptom on a scale of 1 to 3. dtake into account the intensity and consistency in deciding how many points to give for this .

The total production quantity for each SKU is allocated between the two plants .
the total production quantity for each sku is [divided] between the two plants .

Next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total capacity should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the remainder allocated to the regular line .
next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total capacity should be [divided] to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the remainder [divided] to the regular line .

Once this decision is made , specific SKUs must be allocated between the two plants on a weekly basis .
once this decision is made , specific skus must be [divided] between the two plants on a weekly basis .

As inventory costs rise , the percent of units allocated to the quick line increases ; eventually , when the annual inventory carrying cost approaches 30 percent , the ratio equals one—that is , all the production is allocated to the short-cycle plant .
as inventory costs rise , the percent of units [divided] to the quick line increases ; eventually , when the annual inventory carrying cost approaches 30 percent , the ratio equals one—that is , all the production is [divided] to the short-cycle plant .

With its roots in Taylorism , each PBS task is given a target time or “ SAM ” ( Standard Allocated Minutes ) .
with its roots in taylorism , each pbs task is given a target time or “ sam ” ( standard [divided] minutes ) .

The building cost much more than the budget allocated for it at the time but is , as a result , a truly spectacular monument .
the building cost much more than the budget [divided] for it at the time but is , as a result , a truly spectacular monument .

Of the $ 12 million , 22 percent is earmarked for the LSNY budget and 78 percent is allocated among the seven local corporations , according to LSNY spokeswoman , Edwina Martin .
of the $ 12 million , 22 percent is earmarked for the lsny budget and 78 percent is [divided] among the seven local corporations , according to lsny spokeswoman , edwina martin .

In some cases , the grants may have more than one purpose.10 For such grants , the investment shall be allocated among stewardship elements on the basis of an estimate of the proportionate funding of the various grant objectives .
in some cases , the grants may have more than one purpose.10 for such grants , the investment shall be [divided] among stewardship elements on the basis of an estimate of the proportionate funding of the various grant objectives .

ENTRY AGE NORMAL ACTUARIAL METHOD - A method under which the actuarial present value of projected benefits of each employee is allocated on a level basis over the earnings or the service of the employee between entry age and assumed exit age .
entry age normal actuarial method - a method under which the actuarial present value of projected benefits of each employee is [divided] on a level basis over the earnings or the service of the employee between entry age and assumed exit age .

The portion of this actuarial present value allocated to a valuation year is called the normal cost .
the portion of this actuarial present value [divided] to a valuation year is called the normal cost .

NORMAL COST - That portion of the actuarial present value of pension plan benefits and expenses that is allocated to a valuation year by the actuarial cost method .
normal cost - that portion of the actuarial present value of pension plan benefits and expenses that is [divided] to a valuation year by the actuarial cost method .

The actuarial present value of benefits allocated to the valuation year is called the normal cost .
the actuarial present value of benefits [divided] to the valuation year is called the normal cost .

The actuarial present value of benefits allocated to all periods before a valuation year is called actuarial liability .
the actuarial present value of benefits [divided] to all periods before a valuation year is called actuarial liability .

That band has been allocated for use by broadband Personal Communications Services ( PCS ) licensees .
that band has been [divided] for use by broadband personal communications services ( pcs ) licensees .

In this display , policy changes are allocated equally between revenue reductions and spending increases .
in this display , policy changes are [divided] equally between revenue reductions and spending increases .

LSC asked for funding to conduct a new national legal needs study in its FY2001 budget request to Congress ; however , no funds were allocated for that purpose .
lsc asked for funding to conduct a new national legal needs study in its fy2001 budget request to congress ; however , no funds were [divided] for that purpose .

Nonetheless , we believe that our technical assistance funds , TIG awards , LRI resources , our partnerships with national organizations and the many other methods by which LSC extends the resources allocated by Congress to our grantees has ameliorated somewhat the woefully underfunded situation of legal services programs .
nonetheless , we believe that our technical assistance funds , tig awards , lri resources , our partnerships with national organizations and the many other methods by which lsc extends the resources [divided] by congress to our grantees has ameliorated somewhat the woefully underfunded situation of legal services programs .

Any remaining allowances in the Reserve at that time will be allocated to existing units subject to the Acid Rain Program .
any remaining allowances in the reserve at that time will be [divided] to existing units subject to the acid rain program .

During the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected EGUs with an auction for the remaining 1 % .
during the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be [divided] to affected egus with an auction for the remaining 1 % .

Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year under Section 423 will be allocated based on the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under the Acid Rain Program for 2010 and thereafter and that are held in allowance accounts in the Allowance Tracking System on the date 180 days after enactment .
ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] each year under section 423 will be [divided] based on the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] under the acid rain program for 2010 and thereafter and that are held in allowance accounts in the allowance tracking system on the date 180 days after enactment .

In determining the amount of allowances in each unit account and general account as of that deadline , the Administrator will discount allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of seven percent per year to reflect the time value of allowances .
in determining the amount of allowances in each unit account and general account as of that deadline , the administrator will discount allowances [divided] for 2011 or later at a rate of seven percent per year to reflect the time value of allowances .

The remaining allowances are allocated to units that do not receive allowances under the Acid Rain Program , whether because they are subject to the program and have a zero allocation or because they are simply not subject to the program .
the remaining allowances are [divided] to units that do not receive allowances under the acid rain program , whether because they are subject to the program and have a zero allocation or because they are simply not subject to the program .

Three and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year will be allocated to such units that are affected EGUs under the new trading program as of December 31 , 2004 and commenced operation before January 1 , 2001 .
three and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] each year will be [divided] to such units that are affected egus under the new trading program as of december 31 , 2004 and commenced operation before january 1 , 2001 .

One and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances will be allocated to units that are affected EGUs as of December 31 , 2004 and commence operation during the period January 1 , 2001- December 31 , 2004 .
one and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances will be [divided] to units that are affected egus as of december 31 , 2004 and commence operation during the period january 1 , 2001- december 31 , 2004 .

Allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input multiplied by standard emission rates that vary depending on the fuel combusted by the units .
allowances will be [divided] based on the units ' baseline heat input multiplied by standard emission rates that vary depending on the fuel combusted by the units .

For each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .
for each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances [divided] does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .

Under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 , Appendix B ( 2000 Data for SO2 , NOx , CO2 , Heat Input , and Other Parameters ) , Table B1 ( All 2000 Data for All Units ) .
under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be [divided] to acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 , appendix b ( 2000 data for so2 , nox , co2 , heat input , and other parameters ) , table b1 ( all 2000 data for all units ) .

Disposition of SO2 Allowances Allocated Under Subpart 1 Under Section 425 , after the Administrator allocates allowances under the new trading program , the Administrator will remove from the Allowance Tracking System accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were allocated under Subpart 1 of this Part .
disposition of so2 allowances [divided] under subpart 1 under section 425 , after the administrator allocates allowances under the new trading program , the administrator will remove from the allowance tracking system accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were [divided] under subpart 1 of this part .

Allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input multiplied by standard emission rates that vary depending on the fuel combusted by the units .
allowances will be [divided] based on the units ' baseline heat input multiplied by standard emission rates that vary depending on the fuel combusted by the units .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances [divided] does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .

Eighty percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation for the year will be allocated based on heat input in 2000 to affected EGUs that are Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
eighty percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation for the year will be [divided] based on heat input in 2000 to affected egus that are acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

Two trading zones are established , and , only allowances allocated or auctioned for a given zone may be used by facilities within that zone to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions .
two trading zones are established , and , only allowances [divided] or auctioned for a given zone may be used by facilities within that zone to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions .

During the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected units with an auction for the remaining 1 % .
during the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be [divided] to affected units with an auction for the remaining 1 % .

Allowances will be allocated to a facility in a given zone in proportion to the sum of the baseline heat input values of affected EGUs at the facility as compared to the total baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the respective zone .
allowances will be [divided] to a facility in a given zone in proportion to the sum of the baseline heat input values of affected egus at the facility as compared to the total baseline heat input of all affected egus in the respective zone .

Thus , the two separate allowances pools for the two zones are separately allocated .
thus , the two separate allowances pools for the two zones are separately [divided] .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances [divided] does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .

Eighty percent of the total amount of nitrogen oxides allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
eighty percent of the total amount of nitrogen oxides allowances available for allocation each year will be [divided] to acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

During the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected units with an auction for the remaining 1 % .
during the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be [divided] to affected units with an auction for the remaining 1 % .

Allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .
allowances will be [divided] based on the units ' baseline heat input , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances [divided] does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .

Under the first default , eighty percent of the total amount of mercury allowances allocated each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program coal-fired units listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
under the first default , eighty percent of the total amount of mercury allowances [divided] each year will be [divided] to acid rain program coal-fired units listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

If they are not auctioned , should they be allocated based on heat input or electrical and steam output ?
if they are not auctioned , should they be [divided] based on heat input or electrical and steam output ?

Allowances are allocated to each power plant based on 1997 emissions using a formula that does not penalize the `` clean '' plants that already have a low NOx or SO2 emission rate .
allowances are [divided] to each power plant based on 1997 emissions using a formula that does not penalize the `` clean '' plants that already have a low nox or so2 emission rate .

Disposition of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under subpart 1 .
disposition of sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] under subpart 1 .

Allowances , once allocated or auctioned to a person by the Administrator , may be received , held , and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the regulations of the Administrator without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title V or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally allocated and recorded .
allowances , once [divided] or auctioned to a person by the administrator , may be received , held , and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the regulations of the administrator without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title v or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally [divided] and recorded .

Pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the Administrator shall allocate allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or December 31 , 1999 .
pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the administrator shall allocate allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are [divided] or december 31 , 1999 .

It shall be unlawful for any source or unit that is allocated allowances pursuant to this section to emit sulfur dioxide in excess of the emissions limitation provided for in the approved substitution permit and plan unless the owner or operator of each unit governed by the permit and approved substitution plan holds allowances to emit not less than the units total annual emissions .
it shall be unlawful for any source or unit that is [divided] allowances pursuant to this section to emit sulfur dioxide in excess of the emissions limitation provided for in the approved substitution permit and plan unless the owner or operator of each unit governed by the permit and approved substitution plan holds allowances to emit not less than the units total annual emissions .

Allowances allocated under this subsection for units referred to in subparagraph ( A ) may be allocated only for emission reductions achieved as a result of physical changes or changes in the method of operation made after November 15 , 1990 , including changes in the type or quality of fossil fuel consumed .
allowances [divided] under this subsection for units referred to in subparagraph ( a ) may be [divided] only for emission reductions achieved as a result of physical changes or changes in the method of operation made after november 15 , 1990 , including changes in the type or quality of fossil fuel consumed .

Upon the date of any such certification by the Secretary of Energy , all allowances which , but for this paragraph , would have been allocated under subparagraph ( A ) before such date , shall be allocated to the electric utility .
upon the date of any such certification by the secretary of energy , all allowances which , but for this paragraph , would have been [divided] under subparagraph ( a ) before such date , shall be [divided] to the electric utility .

Allowances shall only be allocated if all requirements of this subsection and the rules promulgated to implement this subsection are complied with .
allowances shall only be [divided] if all requirements of this subsection and the rules promulgated to implement this subsection are complied with .

Allowances allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to the 8,900,000 ton limitation in section 412 ( a ) .
allowances [divided] pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to the 8,900,000 ton limitation in section 412 ( a ) .

If necessary to meeting the restriction imposed in the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the annual allowances allocated for each unit under this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the restriction imposed in the preceding sentence the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the annual allowances [divided] for each unit under this paragraph .

If necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .
if necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances [divided] to each unit under this subsection .

If necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances [divided] to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .

The Administrator shall approve a designation that meets the requirements of this section , and such designated unit shall be allocated allowances , and be an affected unit for purposes of this subpart .
the administrator shall approve a designation that meets the requirements of this section , and such designated unit shall be [divided] allowances , and be an affected unit for purposes of this subpart .

Such regulations shall specify that the auctioned allowances shall be allocated and sold on the basis of bid price , starting with the highest-priced bid and continuing until all allowances for sale at such auction have been allocated .
such regulations shall specify that the auctioned allowances shall be [divided] and sold on the basis of bid price , starting with the highest-priced bid and continuing until all allowances for sale at such auction have been [divided] .

The regulations shall 32 provide that- 33 ( 1 ) ( A ) Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year 34 to affected EGUs under section 423 shall be allocated based on the sulfur dioxide allowances that were allocated under subpart 1 for 2010 or thereafter and are held in unit accounts and general accounts in the Allowance Tracking System under section 403 ( c ) .
the regulations shall 32 provide that- 33 ( 1 ) ( a ) ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] each year 34 to affected egus under section 423 shall be [divided] based on the sulfur dioxide allowances that were [divided] under subpart 1 for 2010 or thereafter and are held in unit accounts and general accounts in the allowance tracking system under section 403 ( c ) .

The Administrator shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator , except that the Administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .
the administrator shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the administrator , except that the administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .

The Administrator shall add to the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under paragraph ( 3 ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .
the administrator shall add to the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances [divided] under paragraph ( 3 ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .

The Administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the Administrator administers in a State 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .
the administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances [divided] for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the administrator administers in a state 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .

An unintended consequence of these developments has been the far greater demand made by Defense on technical systems , leaving the DCI less able to influence how these technical resources are allocated and used .
an unintended consequence of these developments has been the far greater demand made by defense on technical systems , leaving the dci less able to influence how these technical resources are [divided] and used .

Even the most basic information about how much money is actually allocated to or within the intelligence community and most of its key components is shrouded from public view .
even the most basic information about how much money is actually [divided] to or within the intelligence community and most of its key components is shrouded from public view .

We heard again and again that the money for assistance is allocated so rigidly that , on the ground , one U.S. agency often can not improvise or pitch in to help another agency , even in small ways when a few thousand dollars could make a great difference .
we heard again and again that the money for assistance is [divided] so rigidly that , on the ground , one u.s. agency often can not improvise or pitch in to help another agency , even in small ways when a few thousand dollars could make a great difference .

Lacking such a plan , we are not convinced that our transportation security resources are being allocated to the greatest risks in a cost-effective way .
lacking such a plan , we are not convinced that our transportation security resources are being [divided] to the greatest risks in a cost-effective way .

Currently a major portion of the billions of dollars appropriated for state and local assistance is allocated so that each state gets a certain amount , or an allocation based on its population-wherever they live .
currently a major portion of the billions of dollars appropriated for state and local assistance is [divided] so that each state gets a certain amount , or an allocation based on its population-wherever they live .

Resources must be allocated according to vulnerabilities .
resources must be [divided] according to vulnerabilities .

We further recommend that federal homeland security funds be allocated in accordance with those benchmarks , and that states be required to abide by those benchmarks in disbursing the federal funds .
we further recommend that federal homeland security funds be [divided] in accordance with those benchmarks , and that states be required to abide by those benchmarks in disbursing the federal funds .

We developed an equity objective function to assess how the limited supply of ARVs should be allocated to each HCF to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .
we developed an equity objective function to assess how the limited supply of arvs should be [divided] to each hcf to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .

Modeling the Distribution of Treatment To determine how many ARVs should be allocated to each HCF , we first calculate how a given supply of ARVs will be distributed from each HCF to the surrounding communities in the catchment region .
modeling the distribution of treatment to determine how many arvs should be [divided] to each hcf , we first calculate how a given supply of arvs will be distributed from each hcf to the surrounding communities in the catchment region .

Accordingly , ARVs will be distributed from HCF , j , to each community as the ratio Therefore , the number of people treated in community i by the drug supply allocated to HCF j is where S j is the number of regimes allocated to HCF j .
accordingly , arvs will be distributed from hcf , j , to each community as the ratio therefore , the number of people treated in community i by the drug supply [divided] to hcf j is where s j is the number of regimes [divided] to hcf j .

To obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are A ARV regimes for a total of individuals with HIV , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes Our goal is to minimize E , by solving for the number of ARVs to be allocated to each HCF ( S 1 , S 2 , … , S n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of ARVs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all HCFs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of ARVs are allocated to each HCF ( S j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with HIV in the community ( T i ≤ I i , i = 1… m ) .
to obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are a arv regimes for a total of individuals with hiv , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes our goal is to minimize e , by solving for the number of arvs to be [divided] to each hcf ( s 1 , s 2 , … , s n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of arvs available is equal to the sum of the supply [divided] to all hcfs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of arvs are [divided] to each hcf ( s j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with hiv in the community ( t i ≤ i i , i = 1… m ) .

According to our OEAS , the majority of ARVs should be allocated to HCFs in Durban , and the remaining ARVs should be allocated to the other HCFs throughout the province ( with two non-Durban HCFs receiving 5 % –15 % of the total ARVs and the remaining non-Durban HCFs each receiving less than 5 % of the total ARVs available ) .
according to our oeas , the majority of arvs should be [divided] to hcfs in durban , and the remaining arvs should be [divided] to the other hcfs throughout the province ( with two non-durban hcfs receiving 5 % –15 % of the total arvs and the remaining non-durban hcfs each receiving less than 5 % of the total arvs available ) .

We note that our OEAS does not produce perfect equality ; however , our optimal strategy significantly improves equality in obtaining treatment over the two other allocation strategies that we analyzed for comparison : ( i ) ARVs allocated only to one HCF ( in the largest city , Durban ) ( see Figure 3D and 3E ) , and ( ii ) equal quantities of ARVs allocated to each HCF throughout the province ( see Figure 3G and 3H ) .
we note that our oeas does not produce perfect equality ; however , our optimal strategy significantly improves equality in obtaining treatment over the two other allocation strategies that we analyzed for comparison : ( i ) arvs [divided] only to one hcf ( in the largest city , durban ) ( see figure 3d and 3e ) , and ( ii ) equal quantities of arvs [divided] to each hcf throughout the province ( see figure 3g and 3h ) .

Therefore , equal access is not obtained if equal quantities of ARVs are allocated to each HCF .
therefore , equal access is not obtained if equal quantities of arvs are [divided] to each hcf .

Resource allocation decisions will have to be made at a number of levels : it must be decided what proportion of the available ARVs should be allocated to each province ; then it must be decided how many ARVs should be allocated to each HCF within each region ; and finally , particular groups of individuals may be chosen to have treatment priority .
resource allocation decisions will have to be made at a number of levels : it must be decided what proportion of the available arvs should be [divided] to each province ; then it must be decided how many arvs should be [divided] to each hcf within each region ; and finally , particular groups of individuals may be chosen to have treatment priority .

In a simple formulation , governments would place large sums into a fund that would be allocated every year to firms that bring new products to market .
in a simple formulation , governments would place large sums into a fund that would be [divided] every year to firms that bring new products to market .

If the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing grant .
if the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be [divided] as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing grant .

To accelerate vaccine development , the plan urgently needs to be supplemented with a list of specific tasks , responsible individuals , necessary resources , and allocated time .
to accelerate vaccine development , the plan urgently needs to be supplemented with a list of specific tasks , responsible individuals , necessary resources , and [divided] time .

Excessive resources are allocated to inappropriate expansion of high-tech facilities and to training an excessive number of specialists to provide high-tech services [ 8,13 ] .
excessive resources are [divided] to inappropriate expansion of high-tech facilities and to training an excessive number of specialists to provide high-tech services [ 8,13 ] .

Although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries , overhead and other work standards , these factors do not explain the substantial increase in the number of publications per amount of money allocated to research and development in Latin America , particularly from 1995 until 2000 ( Figure 2 ) .
although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries , overhead and other work standards , these factors do not explain the substantial increase in the number of publications per amount of money [divided] to research and development in latin america , particularly from 1995 until 2000 ( figure 2 ) .

This year , the direct funding of science constitutes only 1.78 % of Russia 's national budget ( an additional 0.46 % is allocated to the space program ) , although the law stipulates that this figure should be at least 4 % .
this year , the direct funding of science constitutes only 1.78 % of russia 's national budget ( an additional 0.46 % is [divided] to the space program ) , although the law stipulates that this figure should be at least 4 % .

This is a very complex problem and the antiretroviral allocation strategies that we calculated ( by using our model ) to be optimal are very complex ( see Figure 3 in our paper , which graphically shows the proportion of drugs that should be allocated to each of the available HCFs ) .
this is a very complex problem and the antiretroviral allocation strategies that we calculated ( by using our model ) to be optimal are very complex ( see figure 3 in our paper , which graphically shows the proportion of drugs that should be [divided] to each of the available hcfs ) .

There 's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which are so critical now with less and less allocated in school budgets for the arts .
there 's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which are so critical now with less and less [divided] in school budgets for the arts .

More to the point , the fundamental truth of free trade is that when countries produce those goods in which they have a comparative advantage , both sides benefit , because capital ends up being allocated to its most productive uses , which is the only way real wealth can be created .
more to the point , the fundamental truth of free trade is that when countries produce those goods in which they have a comparative advantage , both sides benefit , because capital ends up being [divided] to its most productive uses , which is the only way real wealth can be created .

The people who bid the highest ( and , if they bid the same price , the earliest ) get first dibs on the shares , which are then allocated in order from highest to lowest bid , until they 're all gone .
the people who bid the highest ( and , if they bid the same price , the earliest ) get first dibs on the shares , which are then [divided] in order from highest to lowest bid , until they 're all gone .

Though most politicians say such measures benefit the majority , and help speed bills through the House and Senate , critics feel that earmarking undermines the executive branch : By the time administrators get ahold of discretionary funds , most of the money has already been allocated , rendering the administrators nearly powerless .
though most politicians say such measures benefit the majority , and help speed bills through the house and senate , critics feel that earmarking undermines the executive branch : by the time administrators get ahold of discretionary funds , most of the money has already been [divided] , rendering the administrators nearly powerless .

Capital was allocated sensibly , rather than hysterically .
capital was [divided] sensibly , rather than hysterically .

Why is it that in the discussion of film the percentage of dollars allocated to independent films was noteworthy , but the same was n't true of music ?
why is it that in the discussion of film the percentage of dollars [divided] to independent films was noteworthy , but the same was n't true of music ?

Today , with two and a half hours allocated to each side for closing arguments , the case contracts once again until it is virtually dancing on the head of the pin .
today , with two and a half hours [divided] to each side for closing arguments , the case contracts once again until it is virtually dancing on the head of the pin .

Sen. Bradley said in an interview that he would speak to this issue later on , but if you spend the entire surplus on the first campaign proposal , then that does not leave money that should be allocated for Medicare . ''
sen. bradley said in an interview that he would speak to this issue later on , but if you spend the entire surplus on the first campaign proposal , then that does not leave money that should be [divided] for medicare . ''

The most striking implication of the CMP theory is that the concern for relative position vanishes in societies where mates are allocated by mechanisms other than wealth .
the most striking implication of the cmp theory is that the concern for relative position vanishes in societies where mates are [divided] by mechanisms other than wealth .

As Gore sees it , every penny spent on them comes out of funds previously allocated to a fully subsidized program .
as gore sees it , every penny spent on them comes out of funds previously [divided] to a fully subsidized program .

In fact , it was necessary twice , because two QRs were allocated in the metropolitan area .
in fact , it was necessary twice , because two qrs were [divided] in the metropolitan area .

From dealing with academic administrators , I knew to come straight to the point with personages who sit behind large desks and have their time allocated by secretaries .
from dealing with academic administrators , i knew to come straight to the point with personages who sit behind large desks and have their time [divided] by secretaries .

