But the different , social methods which psychology allocates to women are not equal .
but the different , social methods which psychology [divides] to women are not equal .

The French banking and financial group allocates three pages of its 1991 annual report and accounts to human resources .
the french banking and financial group [divides] three pages of its 1991 annual report and accounts to human resources .

The highest-average formula widely used in Europe allocates seats , one by one , to whichever party thereby shows the highest votes-per-seat .
the highest-average formula widely used in europe [divides] seats , one by one , to whichever party thereby shows the highest votes-per-seat .

However , Schmalensee ( 1981 ) has shown that discrimination allocates output inefficiently across consumers , which is undesirable unless offset by higher total output , e.g .
however , schmalensee ( 1981 ) has shown that discrimination [divides] output inefficiently across consumers , which is undesirable unless offset by higher total output , e.g .

Reorganize the file at intervals — unless a randomization technique that allocates space as it is required has been used .
reorganize the file at intervals — unless a randomization technique that [divides] space as it is required has been used .

Once the required documents have been delivered , the registrar , under s. 12(1) , must be satisfied that all the requirements of the Act in respect of registration have been complied with . He or she then , in accordance with s. 13(1) , issues a certificate of incorporation and , under s. 705 , allocates to the company its registered number
once the required documents have been delivered , the registrar , under s. 12(1) , must be satisfied that all the requirements of the act in respect of registration have been complied with . he or she then , in accordance with s. 13(1) , issues a certificate of incorporation and , under s. 705 , [divides] to the company its registered number

It presumes the existence of at least two parties , one who allocates responsibility and one who accepts it with the undertaking to report upon the manner in which responsibility has been discharged .
it presumes the existence of at least two parties , one who [divides] responsibility and one who accepts it with the undertaking to report upon the manner in which responsibility has been discharged .

In particular , this paper will highlight some of the tensions between the empirical method of producing resource allocations based on statistical modelling of the available data and a more normative approach which allocates according to a more explicit theoretical rationale and political choices .
in particular , this paper will highlight some of the tensions between the empirical method of producing resource allocations based on statistical modelling of the available data and a more normative approach which [divides] according to a more explicit theoretical rationale and political choices .

This structure allocates specific responsibility for individual products/product groups and for specific markets , whilst retaining all the key functional posts .
this structure [divides] specific responsibility for individual products/product groups and for specific markets , whilst retaining all the key functional posts .

allocates tasks ;
[divides] tasks ;

allocates tasks for current session ;
[divides] tasks for current session ;

teacher takes register and then describes and allocates tasks ;
teacher takes register and then describes and [divides] tasks ;

For several years a new model for nursing has been researched , written about and tried out which allocates a number of patients rather than tasks to each nurse .
for several years a new model for nursing has been researched , written about and tried out which [divides] a number of patients rather than tasks to each nurse .

Mindful again of the difficulties of testing the significance of the data statistically , we note that in the first scene Anderson only allocates a turn clearly to McKendrick six times out of 43 turns ( 14 per cent ) .
mindful again of the difficulties of testing the significance of the data statistically , we note that in the first scene anderson only [divides] a turn clearly to mckendrick six times out of 43 turns ( 14 per cent ) .

We may contrast this with scene three where he allocates 28 turns to Hollar ( mainly through direct questions ) from 58 turns ( 48 per cent ) .
we may contrast this with scene three where he [divides] 28 turns to hollar ( mainly through direct questions ) from 58 turns ( 48 per cent ) .

The contempt which Anderson seems to have for McKendrick in scene sixteen ( which , as we shall see later , is also suggested by the level of politeness he uses ) is strongly marked by the fact that he allocates no turns to him at all .
the contempt which anderson seems to have for mckendrick in scene sixteen ( which , as we shall see later , is also suggested by the level of politeness he uses ) is strongly marked by the fact that he [divides] no turns to him at all .

When a guest checks in the receptionist allocates a room showing a green light ; he or she presses a switch and the green light goes off on the board as well as on the cashier 's and housekeeper 's boards .
when a guest checks in the receptionist [divides] a room showing a green light ; he or she presses a switch and the green light goes off on the board as well as on the cashier 's and housekeeper 's boards .

The Department of Health and Social Security allocates national insurance numbers to all contributors and these numbers must be entered on all relevant documents .
the department of health and social security [divides] national insurance numbers to all contributors and these numbers must be entered on all relevant documents .

The South African budget for this year gives university researchers less than they need to keep pace with inflation and allocates most of the additional spending on science to applied work in government laboratories , dashing hopes of a significant increase in university funding .
the south african budget for this year gives university researchers less than they need to keep pace with inflation and [divides] most of the additional spending on science to applied work in government laboratories , dashing hopes of a significant increase in university funding .

The system determines how many groups are active at the appropriate level for the appropriate table in the Working-Set to which the entries are being transferred , and allocates entries on a roughly equal basis .
the system determines how many groups are active at the appropriate level for the appropriate table in the working-set to which the entries are being transferred , and [divides] entries on a roughly equal basis .

The operating system allocates processor time to virtual machines on the basis of their operating characteristics , priority , and the load on the system as a whole .
the operating system [divides] processor time to virtual machines on the basis of their operating characteristics , priority , and the load on the system as a whole .

Each District Health Authority allocates annually a proportion of its budget to provide nursing services .
each district health authority [divides] annually a proportion of its budget to provide nursing services .

The manager allocates days off , taking into account patient workload and staff requests .
the manager [divides] days off , taking into account patient workload and staff requests .

Taking account of the skills available and patient care required , the manager allocates available staff to produce the best possible match .
taking account of the skills available and patient care required , the manager [divides] available staff to produce the best possible match .

It may be that boys tend to ask almost twice as many questions as girls , not just because of natural assertiveness but also because of the position society allocates to the male .
it may be that boys tend to ask almost twice as many questions as girls , not just because of natural assertiveness but also because of the position society [divides] to the male .

For this reason , the 1985 Structure Plan allocates land in excess of the number of completions required from new land .
for this reason , the 1985 structure plan [divides] land in excess of the number of completions required from new land .

The most informative is undoubtedly that caused by Gundovald 's claim to the throne , since Gregory of Tours not only allocates a considerable amount of space to the rebellion itself , but also provides evidence in the ensuing books of the Histories which illuminates the nature of the `` pretender 's ' following .
the most informative is undoubtedly that caused by gundovald 's claim to the throne , since gregory of tours not only [divides] a considerable amount of space to the rebellion itself , but also provides evidence in the ensuing books of the histories which illuminates the nature of the `` pretender 's ' following .

The day to day process of making capital investment decisions in our major corporations allocates the resources of society thereby having a long term impact upon the organizations involved and ultimately upon us all .
the day to day process of making capital investment decisions in our major corporations [divides] the resources of society thereby having a long term impact upon the organizations involved and ultimately upon us all .

The objective of this research is to assess the validity of the view that the stock market undervalues research and development expenditure by firms , and consequently allocates insufficient funds to technically innovative firms .
the objective of this research is to assess the validity of the view that the stock market undervalues research and development expenditure by firms , and consequently [divides] insufficient funds to technically innovative firms .

For such a plan not only allocates land for development but , as a consequence , distributes financial or environment costs and benefits .
for such a plan not only [divides] land for development but , as a consequence , distributes financial or environment costs and benefits .

How the market allocates
how the market [divides]

The General Office chooses organizational goals , monitors the performance of the separate operating divisions , and allocates the organization 's resources among these divisions .
the general office chooses organizational goals , monitors the performance of the separate operating divisions , and [divides] the organization 's resources among these divisions .

Accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .
accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly [divides] one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .

Most of these schools are private , though parents receive assistance with the fees from a committee which is funded directly by the government and which allocates grants by means test .
most of these schools are private , though parents receive assistance with the fees from a committee which is funded directly by the government and which [divides] grants by means test .

The stock file on the Caterdata package allocates a code to each ingredient which Catering & Allied buys from its various suppliers .
the stock file on the caterdata package [divides] a code to each ingredient which catering & allied buys from its various suppliers .

The major part is a recurrent grant paid by the government to the Universities Funding Council , which allocates funds to individual universities .
the major part is a recurrent grant paid by the government to the universities funding council , which [divides] funds to individual universities .

There has not been a total severance with education , however , as the trust still allocates money to young people of the parish for further and higher education .
there has not been a total severance with education , however , as the trust still [divides] money to young people of the parish for further and higher education .

The Accommodation Service allocates on campus accommodation to students .
the accommodation service [divides] on campus accommodation to students .

Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation Allocates $ 8 Million to Low-Income Residents of Texas Wednesday , November 13 , 2002 AUSTIN , Texas- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -Nov. 13 , 2002-The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation ( TEAJF ) has announced its 2003 grant plan for the designation of $ 8 million to Texas providers of civil legal services to the poor , otherwise known as Legal Aid .
texas equal access to justice foundation [divides] $ 8 million to low-income residents of texas wednesday , november 13 , 2002 austin , texas- ( business wire ) -nov. 13 , 2002-the texas equal access to justice foundation ( teajf ) has announced its 2003 grant plan for the designation of $ 8 million to texas providers of civil legal services to the poor , otherwise known as legal aid .

The LSC allocates money to states based on the number of poor counted in the last census .
the lsc [divides] money to states based on the number of poor counted in the last census .

Legal Services Corp. is the federal agency that disperses $ 330 million that Congress allocates for federal legal aid .
legal services corp. is the federal agency that disperses $ 330 million that congress [divides] for federal legal aid .

The LSC allocates money to states based on the number of poor counted in the last census .
the lsc [divides] money to states based on the number of poor counted in the last census .

PROCESS COSTING - A method of cost accounting that first collects costs by processes and then allocates the total costs of each process equally to each unit of output flowing through it during an accounting period .
process costing - a method of cost accounting that first collects costs by processes and then [divides] the total costs of each process equally to each unit of output flowing through it during an accounting period .

Disposition of SO2 Allowances Allocated Under Subpart 1 Under Section 425 , after the Administrator allocates allowances under the new trading program , the Administrator will remove from the Allowance Tracking System accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were allocated under Subpart 1 of this Part .
disposition of so2 allowances allocated under subpart 1 under section 425 , after the administrator [divides] allowances under the new trading program , the administrator will remove from the allowance tracking system accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were allocated under subpart 1 of this part .

What is wrong with the way that the United States allocates its resources ?
what is wrong with the way that the united states [divides] its resources ?

The government now allocates to each senior in Medicare a fixed amount of money that will buy coverage from either a private HMO or the traditional government-run Medicare program -- thus fostering competition .
the government now [divides] to each senior in medicare a fixed amount of money that will buy coverage from either a private hmo or the traditional government-run medicare program -- thus fostering competition .

Maine is one of 48 states -- California and New Hampshire have opted out -- spending the $ 50 million a year Congress allocates for abstinence education , with every $ 4 of federal money matched with $ 3 of state funds .
maine is one of 48 states -- california and new hampshire have opted out -- spending the $ 50 million a year congress [divides] for abstinence education , with every $ 4 of federal money matched with $ 3 of state funds .

Rent Three Ninjas and you pay a tax , but you can check a box that allocates your money to hire a guy to beat the hell out of Jack Valenti .
rent three ninjas and you pay a tax , but you can check a box that [divides] your money to hire a guy to beat the hell out of jack valenti .

Even more of these bombs may detonate soon : President Clinton 's budget allocates more funding to equal-pay enforcement , and Congress may soon expand the 1963 Act to allow for greater damages awards .
even more of these bombs may detonate soon : president clinton 's budget [divides] more funding to equal-pay enforcement , and congress may soon expand the 1963 act to allow for greater damages awards .

