Official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds .
official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the [division/split] of diocesan and parochial funds .

Have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force allocation , strength of distributor organizations , and even plant location ? ?
have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force [division/split] , strength of distributor organizations , and even plant location ? ?

The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .
the application of conditions in the [division/split] of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .

Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .
twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , [division/split] and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .

Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night .
because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different [division/split] structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the am band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night .

Allocation policies
[division/split] policies

As mentioned , the allocation of AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations .
as mentioned , the [division/split] of am stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations .

Accordingly , the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .
accordingly , the commission has recognized that an optimum [division/split] pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .

In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .
in the [division/split] pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .

As mentioned , the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference .
as mentioned , the primary [division/split] objective to be followed in the [division/split] of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference .

Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .
therefore , under our longstanding [division/split] rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- a ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- a station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .

The greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds .
the greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full [division/split] of outside funds .

A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .
a careful student has suggested that `` in any new revision ( of the judicial code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the [division/split] of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .

By all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs , and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost allocation and mere total-cost distribution .
by all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs , and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost [division/split] and mere total-cost distribution .

But in any event , full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ;
but in any event , full credit should be given to the cost section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost [division/split] designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ;

We turn now to a type of fully distributed cost analysis which , unlike the `` railroad type '' , draws no distinction between cost allocation and cost apportionment : the single-step type .
we turn now to a type of fully distributed cost analysis which , unlike the `` railroad type '' , draws no distinction between cost [division/split] and cost apportionment : the single-step type .

Swindon Town expect to sell their entire allocation of thirty-six thousand tickets for the First Division play-off final .
swindon town expect to sell their entire [division/split] of thirty-six thousand tickets for the first division play-off final .

they erm , when the know income 's gon na increase they change its resource to allocation
they erm , when the know income 's gon na increase they change its resource to [division/split]

Regional health authorities are waiting for news of their allocation and meetings are to be held between the hospice and Darlington Health Authority chiefs this week to discuss details of the services to benefit from the extra cash .
regional health authorities are waiting for news of their [division/split] and meetings are to be held between the hospice and darlington health authority chiefs this week to discuss details of the services to benefit from the extra cash .

Councillors have found themselves at loggerheads with the Government on a number of occasions , most recently over the grant allocation for the 1992/93 financial year .
councillors have found themselves at loggerheads with the government on a number of occasions , most recently over the grant [division/split] for the 1992/93 financial year .

Both organisations have been negotiating with their local Training and Enterprise Councils over their annual funding allocation , due to take effect next week .
both organisations have been negotiating with their local training and enterprise councils over their annual funding [division/split] , due to take effect next week .

An insensitive allocation policy could only frustrate their efforts .
an insensitive [division/split] policy could only frustrate their efforts .

However , we are concerned that the comments of the Heritage Secretary , Peter Brooke , during the bill 's second reading suggested that the allocation to the commission would be deducted from the share to be made available to sport in the home countries .
however , we are concerned that the comments of the heritage secretary , peter brooke , during the bill 's second reading suggested that the [division/split] to the commission would be deducted from the share to be made available to sport in the home countries .

Finally , we have gathered from recent select committee reports that it is the intention of the Government to allow annual flexibility on the allocation of funds to each of the beneficiaries .
finally , we have gathered from recent select committee reports that it is the intention of the government to allow annual flexibility on the [division/split] of funds to each of the beneficiaries .

Perhaps it is appropriate to safeguard a reasonable percentage of each good cause 's allocation to allow such planning to proceed .
perhaps it is appropriate to safeguard a reasonable percentage of each good cause 's [division/split] to allow such planning to proceed .

‘ Moreover , the argument that a custodial institution is inevitably a university of crime depends very much on the regime there and the allocation of inmates .
‘ moreover , the argument that a custodial institution is inevitably a university of crime depends very much on the regime there and the [division/split] of inmates .

‘ Certainly , to put young offenders in the same prison and even in the same cell as hardened criminals will be counter-productive but more discriminating allocation of prisoners to suitable establishments with training facilities may well be capable of effecting reform and rehabilitation . ’
‘ certainly , to put young offenders in the same prison and even in the same cell as hardened criminals will be counter-productive but more discriminating [division/split] of prisoners to suitable establishments with training facilities may well be capable of effecting reform and rehabilitation . ’

‘ Four weeks ago , Marseille agreed on an allocation of up to 4,000 tickets for our supporters , ’ said Rangers ' statement .
‘ four weeks ago , marseille agreed on an [division/split] of up to 4,000 tickets for our supporters , ’ said rangers ' statement .

‘ Last week , they reneged on that agreement and settled on an allocation of no more than 1,000 tickets .
‘ last week , they reneged on that agreement and settled on an [division/split] of no more than 1,000 tickets .

after appealing against an earlier allocation .
after appealing against an earlier [division/split] .

She was speaking out after the deputy leader of Durham County Council , Bob Pendlebury , warned the dispute between the British Government and the European Community about the allocation of European grants could hit the county hard .
she was speaking out after the deputy leader of durham county council , bob pendlebury , warned the dispute between the british government and the european community about the [division/split] of european grants could hit the county hard .

Bishop Auckland General Hospital targeted orthopaedics with an allocation of £88,000 £58,000 from the regional health authority and £30,000 from South West Durham which benefitted 180 patients .
bishop auckland general hospital targeted orthopaedics with an [division/split] of £88,000 £58,000 from the regional health authority and £30,000 from south west durham which benefitted 180 patients .

Mr Milburn has called on the Government to make more resources available to Darlington after it was revealed the town received the lowest funding allocation in the whole of the North last month .
mr milburn has called on the government to make more resources available to darlington after it was revealed the town received the lowest funding [division/split] in the whole of the north last month .

Mr Milburn has called on the Government to make more resources available to Darlington after it was revealed the town received the lowest funding allocation in the whole of the North last month .
mr milburn has called on the government to make more resources available to darlington after it was revealed the town received the lowest funding [division/split] in the whole of the north last month .

The planning costs will be taken from the £243,000 allocation made by Mr Fallon in December for work in Catholic and Church of England schools throughout County Durham .
the planning costs will be taken from the £243,000 [division/split] made by mr fallon in december for work in catholic and church of england schools throughout county durham .

’ On the strength of these assurances , the Diocesan Schools Commission is now prepared to allocate a substantial portion of the minor works allocation to start the Darlington projects .
’ on the strength of these assurances , the diocesan schools commission is now prepared to allocate a substantial portion of the minor works [division/split] to start the darlington projects .

The organisation has been negotiating with its local Training and Enterprise Council over their annual funding allocation , due to take effect next week .
the organisation has been negotiating with its local training and enterprise council over their annual funding [division/split] , due to take effect next week .

At secondary school the allocation of homework is usually uniform .
at secondary school the [division/split] of homework is usually uniform .

‘ We have received no comment from Dunmore or Dungannon since the allocation of
‘ we have received no comment from dunmore or dungannon since the [division/split] of

They do n't believe there is a fair allocation of funding .
they do n't believe there is a fair [division/split] of funding .

They do n't believe there is a fair allocation of funding .
they do n't believe there is a fair [division/split] of funding .

Despite the pre-eminence of information technology in assisting Britain to improve its economy , the allocation of funds for information technology was only £10 million in 1989 — for all the nation 's schools .
despite the pre-eminence of information technology in assisting britain to improve its economy , the [division/split] of funds for information technology was only £10 million in 1989 — for all the nation 's schools .

The allocation of money to the regional committees was decided centrally , after discussion of commitments , needs and requests with the regional coordinators and national secretaries .
the [division/split] of money to the regional committees was decided centrally , after discussion of commitments , needs and requests with the regional coordinators and national secretaries .

Political bias may also be introduced in , for example , the appointment of the head of the government statistical service or the allocation of research funding to favoured topics such as poverty .
political bias may also be introduced in , for example , the appointment of the head of the government statistical service or the [division/split] of research funding to favoured topics such as poverty .

allocation to age class ) and calculation of elapsed times ( e.g .
[division/split] to age class ) and calculation of elapsed times ( e.g .

The t treatments are applied within each block by random allocation to the experimental units .
the t treatments are applied within each block by random [division/split] to the experimental units .

The first is the ethical difficulty associated with the need to give a patient the treatment that is believed to be best for him or her as an individual rather than what the statistician 's random allocation might assign .
the first is the ethical difficulty associated with the need to give a patient the treatment that is believed to be best for him or her as an individual rather than what the statistician 's random [division/split] might assign .

The decision as to which allocation is to apply to any block of four patients is simply made by random selection of a digit in the range 1 to 6 .
the decision as to which [division/split] is to apply to any block of four patients is simply made by random selection of a digit in the range 1 to 6 .

17.4.1 Allocation of sample units to strata
17.4.1 [division/split] of sample units to strata

( a ) Proportional allocation
( a ) proportional [division/split]

( b ) Optimal allocation
( b ) optimal [division/split]

We require a sample of 100 , i.e. an overall sampling fraction of φ=1/6 . Then proportional allocation determines the strata sample sizes to be
we require a sample of 100 , i.e. an overall sampling fraction of φ=1/6 . then proportional [division/split] determines the strata sample sizes to be

On the other hand , optimal allocation would give so that i.e.
on the other hand , optimal [division/split] would give so that i.e.

proportional allocation ,
proportional [division/split] ,

optimal allocation .
optimal [division/split] .

It is not uncommon for the allocation of costs to be recalculated .
it is not uncommon for the [division/split] of costs to be recalculated .

Thus priority is given to existing employees in the allocation of individuals to posts , and entry points to the system are at the lowest level of any particular hierarchy .
thus priority is given to existing employees in the [division/split] of individuals to posts , and entry points to the system are at the lowest level of any particular hierarchy .

Over the last 12 years , he claims , the council has been short-changed by that amount on its housing allocation demands .
over the last 12 years , he claims , the council has been short-changed by that amount on its housing [division/split] demands .

Existing shareholders and employees will get the same incentives as the public as well as special treatment on allocation .
existing shareholders and employees will get the same incentives as the public as well as special treatment on [division/split] .

The allocation , which represents a 16pc increase on last year , is the highest amount spent in the North-East by the corporation .
the [division/split] , which represents a 16pc increase on last year , is the highest amount spent in the north-east by the corporation .

Middlesbrough Council housing chairman Bob Brady welcomed its £12m allocation but warned there were no ‘ overnight solutions ’ to the borough 's housing problems .
middlesbrough council housing chairman bob brady welcomed its £12m [division/split] but warned there were no ‘ overnight solutions ’ to the borough 's housing problems .

The biggest allocation for a district council in the region goes to Darlington which receives £700,000 .
the biggest [division/split] for a district council in the region goes to darlington which receives £700,000 .

The club has been given an allocation of 17,800 by the Football Association , and after season ticket holders and club commitments there will be about 12,000 tickets left for Gold Card holders who have collected the three vouchers at the home games against Ipswich , Plymouth and Middlesbrough .
the club has been given an [division/split] of 17,800 by the football association , and after season ticket holders and club commitments there will be about 12,000 tickets left for gold card holders who have collected the three vouchers at the home games against ipswich , plymouth and middlesbrough .

Middlesbrough have sold their full 4,000 allocation and Wolves expect a 20,000 crowd .
middlesbrough have sold their full 4,000 [division/split] and wolves expect a 20,000 crowd .

Pontblyddyn , reigning champions of the Bass North Wales League but currently struggling in fifth from bottom place with only three wins to their credit , produced a major upset after confining the Seasiders to 66–9 off their 40 overs allocation .
pontblyddyn , reigning champions of the bass north wales league but currently struggling in fifth from bottom place with only three wins to their credit , produced a major upset after confining the seasiders to 66–9 off their 40 overs [division/split] .

It has been supported by a number of outside bodies previously , but the Authority were not able to find it from their base allocation this year in order to continue .
it has been supported by a number of outside bodies previously , but the authority were not able to find it from their base [division/split] this year in order to continue .

It will also use contactless smartcards to speed boarding and will provide accurate data for revenue allocation between operators .
it will also use contactless smartcards to speed boarding and will provide accurate data for revenue [division/split] between operators .

‘ Pain in the housing market should finally kill off the British obsession with housing which has so distorted resource allocation in the last 25 years .
‘ pain in the housing market should finally kill off the british obsession with housing which has so distorted resource [division/split] in the last 25 years .

Introduction of automatic haulier allocation , automatic transmission of orders via telexing system coupled with automatic haulier payment .
introduction of automatic haulier [division/split] , automatic transmission of orders via telexing system coupled with automatic haulier payment .

The Black Community Care Charter says : ‘ Clearly the allocation of resources for community care is not equitable across the different communities ’ .
the black community care charter says : ‘ clearly the [division/split] of resources for community care is not equitable across the different communities ’ .

There will be other forms of contingency strategy , where home care spending — perhaps up to one-third of the overall allocation — is deliberately held back until the residential and nursing home spend settles down into a recognisable pattern .
there will be other forms of contingency strategy , where home care spending — perhaps up to one-third of the overall [division/split] — is deliberately held back until the residential and nursing home spend settles down into a recognisable pattern .

At the moment it is theoretically possible for a qualified nurse with 20 years ' break in service to be put in charge of an acute ward , and to take responsibility for the management and allocation of staff , even though she may not have any recent or relevant experience .
at the moment it is theoretically possible for a qualified nurse with 20 years ' break in service to be put in charge of an acute ward , and to take responsibility for the management and [division/split] of staff , even though she may not have any recent or relevant experience .

In evaluations of the length of time spent on supervised clinical allocation before employment , the vast majority of course tutors said that course members felt that time allowed was inadequate , and would happily have continued for longer .
in evaluations of the length of time spent on supervised clinical [division/split] before employment , the vast majority of course tutors said that course members felt that time allowed was inadequate , and would happily have continued for longer .

Not knowing the number of items will result in wasted space due to over allocation .
not knowing the number of items will result in wasted space due to over [division/split] .

This gesellschaft model presupposes a society made up of atomic individuals pursuing private interests , in competition with one another , in which the principle of individual enterprise constitutes the chief mechanism for the allocation of resources .
this gesellschaft model presupposes a society made up of atomic individuals pursuing private interests , in competition with one another , in which the principle of individual enterprise constitutes the chief mechanism for the [division/split] of resources .

This suggests not policies of improved training or selection , but of more generous resource allocation to the system to improve the material environment of teaching .
this suggests not policies of improved training or selection , but of more generous resource [division/split] to the system to improve the material environment of teaching .

allocation of improved resources to the system and the alleviation of material constraints in a way that will enhance the development of new pedagogical approaches ;
[division/split] of improved resources to the system and the alleviation of material constraints in a way that will enhance the development of new pedagogical approaches ;

The concept obviously implied certain practical requirements : regulated markets , allocation of materials , production targets , manpower planning — all of which would be operated through some structure of planning machinery .
the concept obviously implied certain practical requirements : regulated markets , [division/split] of materials , production targets , manpower planning — all of which would be operated through some structure of planning machinery .

Thus , for all the vast growth in the range of government activities — which has meant that civil servants have effectively been making major business decisions on the allocation of resources — the Treasury made little attempt to devise fundamentally new and appropriate methods of training and re-training [ Fulton Report , 1968 ; Chapman and Greenaway , 1980 ] .
thus , for all the vast growth in the range of government activities — which has meant that civil servants have effectively been making major business decisions on the [division/split] of resources — the treasury made little attempt to devise fundamentally new and appropriate methods of training and re-training [ fulton report , 1968 ; chapman and greenaway , 1980 ] .

The European Radiocommunications Office also wants to introduce procedures to allow for rapid response to requests for frequency allocation in bands recognised as those used for outside broadcasting or electronic news gathering .
the european radiocommunications office also wants to introduce procedures to allow for rapid response to requests for frequency [division/split] in bands recognised as those used for outside broadcasting or electronic news gathering .

The Integrative Series is a set of powerful , stand-alone functions designed to aid asset allocation into global markets and currencies , securities analysis and evaluation , portfolio management , risk management , hedging and all other operations necessary for effective asset management .
the integrative series is a set of powerful , stand-alone functions designed to aid asset [division/split] into global markets and currencies , securities analysis and evaluation , portfolio management , risk management , hedging and all other operations necessary for effective asset management .

Should the state merely have a ‘ regulatory ’ function in such matters as the allocation of frequencies for broadcasting , or should it have a more active role as guarantor of the mass media and their ‘ public service ’ ?
should the state merely have a ‘ regulatory ’ function in such matters as the [division/split] of frequencies for broadcasting , or should it have a more active role as guarantor of the mass media and their ‘ public service ’ ?

This demand may become a thing of the past if the club management and ticket allocation , in particular , is not reorganised .
this demand may become a thing of the past if the club management and ticket [division/split] , in particular , is not reorganised .

When asked if he thought Essex 's capital allocation was adequate , Mr Burns replied : ‘ Nothing is ever adequate by definition — everyone wants more money .
when asked if he thought essex 's capital [division/split] was adequate , mr burns replied : ‘ nothing is ever adequate by definition — everyone wants more money .

Task allocation
task [division/split]

Task allocation is a method of organising work so that one person in the workforce is always responsible for the same task or tasks .
task [division/split] is a method of organising work so that one person in the workforce is always responsible for the same task or tasks .

In task allocation the care is decided by the person in charge , the senior nurse or sister , and delegated to other members of the group .
in task [division/split] the care is decided by the person in charge , the senior nurse or sister , and delegated to other members of the group .

Atypical page might have looked like this : In task allocation , virtually all clients have the same thing ‘ done to ’ them at the same time .
atypical page might have looked like this : in task [division/split] , virtually all clients have the same thing ‘ done to ’ them at the same time .

Task allocation also means that nurses become very familiar with doing particular procedures , even though they may not give much thought to why they are doing something .
task [division/split] also means that nurses become very familiar with doing particular procedures , even though they may not give much thought to why they are doing something .

When task allocation was a common way of organising care , a nurse did not usually progress from one task to another until the sister judged that she was competent to do so .
when task [division/split] was a common way of organising care , a nurse did not usually progress from one task to another until the sister judged that she was competent to do so .

The thing that worried many people about task allocation was that each client was descended upon for a succession of tasks by a succession of nurses .
the thing that worried many people about task [division/split] was that each client was descended upon for a succession of tasks by a succession of nurses .

However , these problems of task allocation were all minor when compared with the driving force behind the system : getting the tasks completed as quickly and with as few staff as possible .
however , these problems of task [division/split] were all minor when compared with the driving force behind the system : getting the tasks completed as quickly and with as few staff as possible .

The following case study gives an extreme example of the ‘ benefits ’ of task allocation .
the following case study gives an extreme example of the ‘ benefits ’ of task [division/split] .

Like most other nurses at that time , Bob was used to task allocation .
like most other nurses at that time , bob was used to task [division/split] .

This was task allocation taken to its ultimate extreme .
this was task [division/split] taken to its ultimate extreme .

The arguments for and against task allocation are therefore quite mixed .
the arguments for and against task [division/split] are therefore quite mixed .

These arguments see the individual as clients , because even though they receive care by a task allocation system , it is a system which considers the benefits for them first .
these arguments see the individual as clients , because even though they receive care by a task [division/split] system , it is a system which considers the benefits for them first .

The opposite side of the argument is that in task allocation people may not receive appropriate care at appropriate times and that the day is succession of minor interruptions , made for the convenience of the organisation and not for the benefit of individuals .
the opposite side of the argument is that in task [division/split] people may not receive appropriate care at appropriate times and that the day is succession of minor interruptions , made for the convenience of the organisation and not for the benefit of individuals .

The major difference between this and task allocation is in the relationship between the nurses and the ways in which the care is divided between the members of the nursing team .
the major difference between this and task [division/split] is in the relationship between the nurses and the ways in which the care is divided between the members of the nursing team .

Team nursing was advocated by the nursing hierarchy to replace task allocation , as individualised care was adopted .
team nursing was advocated by the nursing hierarchy to replace task [division/split] , as individualised care was adopted .

However , the role of the associate nurse is seen as being skilled and creative , indicating a level of professional job satisfaction far above that likely to be experienced by nurses delivering care by either task allocation or team nursing .
however , the role of the associate nurse is seen as being skilled and creative , indicating a level of professional job satisfaction far above that likely to be experienced by nurses delivering care by either task [division/split] or team nursing .

We have considered the possibility that task allocation really serves the organisation , which is therefore the real client .
we have considered the possibility that task [division/split] really serves the organisation , which is therefore the real client .

Composite work groups — self-selection and internal allocation of roles .
composite work groups — self-selection and internal [division/split] of roles .

The allocation of broadcasting time to the various languages was a delicate and controversial issue .
the [division/split] of broadcasting time to the various languages was a delicate and controversial issue .

The criteria for allocation had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .
the criteria for [division/split] had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .

Nonetheless , the language allocation decided upon was strictly adhered to .
nonetheless , the language [division/split] decided upon was strictly adhered to .

The allocation was decided at the highest level of government , and radio broadcasting had long been low on the list of priorities .
the [division/split] was decided at the highest level of government , and radio broadcasting had long been low on the list of priorities .

The capital allocation of the Plan to broadcasting was Sh.4,640,000/- ; .
the capital [division/split] of the plan to broadcasting was sh.4,640,000/- ; .

The Ministry was to spend considerably more than its total allocation for the period 1964–69 .
the ministry was to spend considerably more than its total [division/split] for the period 1964–69 .

As the ballot box rather than the market place has been used to decide the allocation of resources , so the power of the individual has diminished and the power of the corporate state — which effects some form of social contract between corporations , trade unions and government — increased .
as the ballot box rather than the market place has been used to decide the [division/split] of resources , so the power of the individual has diminished and the power of the corporate state — which effects some form of social contract between corporations , trade unions and government — increased .

The mechanism for initially allocating the land between families involved two principles : each family received a proportion in relation to its size and the particular allocation depended on the drawing of lots .
the mechanism for initially allocating the land between families involved two principles : each family received a proportion in relation to its size and the particular [division/split] depended on the drawing of lots .

As is common in the brewing industry , they are also entitled to a generous allocation of the company 's products .
as is common in the brewing industry , they are also entitled to a generous [division/split] of the company 's products .

Finally , the allocation of the overheads raises some tricky questions .
finally , the [division/split] of the overheads raises some tricky questions .

You can then choose from two levels of security ; low level , which scrambles your file allocation table ; and level two , which encrypts your entire hard drive .
you can then choose from two levels of security ; low level , which scrambles your file [division/split] table ; and level two , which encrypts your entire hard drive .

This is deducted from the character allocation in the army list .
this is deducted from the character [division/split] in the army list .

This is deducted from the character allocation in the army list .
this is deducted from the character [division/split] in the army list .

Second column : shelf allocation ?
second column : shelf [division/split] ?

Anna checked her stocklist for the shelf allocation for the poppadoms ( plain , spiced , garlic and chilli , ready-cooked ) with all the slick professionalism of three hours ' experience .
anna checked her stocklist for the shelf [division/split] for the poppadoms ( plain , spiced , garlic and chilli , ready-cooked ) with all the slick professionalism of three hours ' experience .

Decisions about the allocation of space , funds , and resources are often not the editor 's responsibilities .
decisions about the [division/split] of space , funds , and resources are often not the editor 's responsibilities .

It is through the setting of objectives and the process of resource allocation that control can be exercised on branches of the media and that control remains with the proprietors .
it is through the setting of objectives and the process of resource [division/split] that control can be exercised on branches of the media and that control remains with the proprietors .

Discussions about the allocation of the ‘ fourth channel ’ — the last available national off-air broadcasting channel for Britain — began in the early 1970s .
discussions about the [division/split] of the ‘ fourth channel ’ — the last available national off-air broadcasting channel for britain — began in the early 1970s .

But they have increasingly had to cede ground to government and to ‘ administrators ’ over issues of policy and resource allocation .
but they have increasingly had to cede ground to government and to ‘ administrators ’ over issues of policy and resource [division/split] .

The reasons for this allocation of lawyers to cells will become apparent as the deviant cases — those in which the client 's chosen outcome was rejected — and the doubtful cases are examined .
the reasons for this [division/split] of lawyers to cells will become apparent as the deviant cases — those in which the client 's chosen outcome was rejected — and the doubtful cases are examined .

Within the temple , it is likely that some sort of allocation was made to the priests , priestesses , scribes , servants and craft workers .
within the temple , it is likely that some sort of [division/split] was made to the priests , priestesses , scribes , servants and craft workers .

Allocation to the appropriate worker for further services may be undertaken by the team leader , calling on a social work assistant or occupational therapist .
[division/split] to the appropriate worker for further services may be undertaken by the team leader , calling on a social work assistant or occupational therapist .

, 1983 ) , the allocation of referrals concerning elderly people tends to go to untrained social work assistants or students .
, 1983 ) , the [division/split] of referrals concerning elderly people tends to go to untrained social work assistants or students .

The dangers of allocation by client group to certain categories of worker was recognised by Buckle who wrote : ‘ Inherent in the use of certain grades of worker with particular client groups is a denial of the emotional and relational problems of those client groups dealt with by social work assistants ’ ( Buckle , 1981 , p. 174 ) .
the dangers of [division/split] by client group to certain categories of worker was recognised by buckle who wrote : ‘ inherent in the use of certain grades of worker with particular client groups is a denial of the emotional and relational problems of those client groups dealt with by social work assistants ’ ( buckle , 1981 , p. 174 ) .

To watch an unqualified and inexperienced social work assistant wrestling with the intractable relationships of an elderly client , makes one realise that it is not just the client who is being unjustly treated , in a system of blanket allocation by client group .
to watch an unqualified and inexperienced social work assistant wrestling with the intractable relationships of an elderly client , makes one realise that it is not just the client who is being unjustly treated , in a system of blanket [division/split] by client group .

The referral form is physically passed to the social worker or social work assistant in the allocation process , indicating that it is that person 's responsibility to initiate action on behalf of that client .
the referral form is physically passed to the social worker or social work assistant in the [division/split] process , indicating that it is that person 's responsibility to initiate action on behalf of that client .

Nevertheless , we welcome the additional Housing Corporation allocation .
nevertheless , we welcome the additional housing corporation [division/split] .

But it is important for the family counsellor to remember that even such negative family systems provide individuals with a basis for role allocation , and a security based on certainty and predictability , however unpalatable .
but it is important for the family counsellor to remember that even such negative family systems provide individuals with a basis for role [division/split] , and a security based on certainty and predictability , however unpalatable .

Can we think back to the original complaints about company car allocation ?
can we think back to the original complaints about company car [division/split] ?

For many of us , though , it 's more likely to be the size and model of our company car and the allocation of a reserved parking space that acts as an advert for our status .
for many of us , though , it 's more likely to be the size and model of our company car and the [division/split] of a reserved parking space that acts as an advert for our status .

The transference of Ernest Bevin direct from the leadership of Britain 's largest trade union to the Ministry of Labour , symbolized Labour 's role in the new order — not least because Bevin 's control over the allocation of manpower came to displace the traditional operations of the Treasury , as the lynch-pin of Government economic management .
the transference of ernest bevin direct from the leadership of britain 's largest trade union to the ministry of labour , symbolized labour 's role in the new order — not least because bevin 's control over the [division/split] of manpower came to displace the traditional operations of the treasury , as the lynch-pin of government economic management .

But , since the allocation of crews in January — Justine will sail on the Rhone Poulenc , sponsored by the chemical group 's English arm — her skipper has intensified the programme .
but , since the [division/split] of crews in january — justine will sail on the rhone poulenc , sponsored by the chemical group 's english arm — her skipper has intensified the programme .

‘ This enables the automation of cash allocation and bank reconciliation , and the communication with the bank often takes the form of tape or transmission .
‘ this enables the automation of cash [division/split] and bank reconciliation , and the communication with the bank often takes the form of tape or transmission .

For fee-based advisers the allocation is 100.5 % for the first £2,500 of premium and 105.5 % of balance .
for fee-based advisers the [division/split] is 100.5 % for the first £2,500 of premium and 105.5 % of balance .

‘ One paper , by Paige ( 1967 ) , for example , quotes Lenin 's ‘ who does what to whom ’ , and Mao 's ‘ war without bloodshed ’ , reminds us of the more familiar formulations of Lasswell ( 1936 ) — ‘ who gets what , when , how ’ — , Easton ( 1953 ) — ‘ the authoritative allocation of values ’ — , Levy ( 1952 ) — ‘ the allocation of power and responsibility ’ , and Snyder ( 1958 ) — ‘ the making of authoritative social decisions ’ , and throws in for good measure a definition by a Japanese political scientist , Masao Maruyama — ‘ the organization of control by man over man ’ .
‘ one paper , by paige ( 1967 ) , for example , quotes lenin 's ‘ who does what to whom ’ , and mao 's ‘ war without bloodshed ’ , reminds us of the more familiar formulations of lasswell ( 1936 ) — ‘ who gets what , when , how ’ — , easton ( 1953 ) — ‘ the authoritative [division/split] of values ’ — , levy ( 1952 ) — ‘ the [division/split] of power and responsibility ’ , and snyder ( 1958 ) — ‘ the making of authoritative social decisions ’ , and throws in for good measure a definition by a japanese political scientist , masao maruyama — ‘ the organization of control by man over man ’ .

The allocation of cars on 25 October 1944 , was as follows : —
the [division/split] of cars on 25 october 1944 , was as follows : —

The short workings were mainly from the London end , hence their allocation to Brixton Hill .
the short workings were mainly from the london end , hence their [division/split] to brixton hill .

All new regular premium executive pensions received by Prolific Life & Pensions ( 0539 733733 ) by 5 April 1993 will be eligible for an extra 2 % allocation .
all new regular premium executive pensions received by prolific life & pensions ( 0539 733733 ) by 5 april 1993 will be eligible for an extra 2 % [division/split] .

Carrying amount and allocation of finance costs
carrying amount and [division/split] of finance costs

The amount attributable to non-equity shares and the allocation of finance costs
the amount attributable to non-equity shares and the [division/split] of finance costs

The amount so treated should be disclosed within the statement , and the accounting policy for determining the allocation of finance costs between revenue and capital .
the amount so treated should be disclosed within the statement , and the accounting policy for determining the [division/split] of finance costs between revenue and capital .

Such costs would not include any allocation of costs which would have been incurred had the instrument not been issued : for example management remuneration .
such costs would not include any [division/split] of costs which would have been incurred had the instrument not been issued : for example management remuneration .

The spread and allocation of these deposits are reviewed on a regular basis by the finance and banking committee , ’ the review says .
the spread and [division/split] of these deposits are reviewed on a regular basis by the finance and banking committee , ’ the review says .

Kleinwort Benson Securities , in considering an international bond asset allocation , weights Europe as neutral .
kleinwort benson securities , in considering an international bond asset [division/split] , weights europe as neutral .

Simultaneously , the Swiss cantonal authorities treat a large proportion of the branch capital as a loan from head office and give a deemed deduction for interest thus greatly reducing the actual Swiss taxable profit without affecting the treaty allocation mentioned above .
simultaneously , the swiss cantonal authorities treat a large proportion of the branch capital as a loan from head office and give a deemed deduction for interest thus greatly reducing the actual swiss taxable profit without affecting the treaty [division/split] mentioned above .

But he also looks at topics such as costing , budgeting , overhead allocation and investment decisions , which give his work a broader scope than most .
but he also looks at topics such as costing , budgeting , overhead [division/split] and investment decisions , which give his work a broader scope than most .

The National Express group offer has been over subscribed and the basis of allocation will be unveiled today .
the national express group offer has been over subscribed and the basis of [division/split] will be unveiled today .

Allocation of married couple 's allowance
[division/split] of married couple 's allowance

Married couple 's allowance — allocation to wife
married couple 's allowance — [division/split] to wife

No action need be taken where the allowance is to remain with the husband and whatever arrangement is chosen will apply for future tax years until the allocation is changed .
no action need be taken where the allowance is to remain with the husband and whatever arrangement is chosen will apply for future tax years until the [division/split] is changed .

It is still the case that social workers ' reliance on the legislature or the courts to solve the problems posed by the varying use of secure accommodation is ineffective in improving the allocation process .
it is still the case that social workers ' reliance on the legislature or the courts to solve the problems posed by the varying use of secure accommodation is ineffective in improving the [division/split] process .

Due to the availability of government grants , crofters can now fence off their allocation of the common grazings , and , with applications of limestone and fertiliser , can convert heather-covered hillsides to grass fields which can ‘ carry ’ more sheep in the same area of ground .
due to the availability of government grants , crofters can now fence off their [division/split] of the common grazings , and , with applications of limestone and fertiliser , can convert heather-covered hillsides to grass fields which can ‘ carry ’ more sheep in the same area of ground .

For example , below-ground resource allocation is driven by nitrogen or water availability in many forest ecosystem models .
for example , below-ground resource [division/split] is driven by nitrogen or water availability in many forest ecosystem models .

The average area of layer IVc of visual cortex receiving a projection from a single ganglion cell in any part of the retina provides an index of cortical allocation .
the average area of layer ivc of visual cortex receiving a projection from a single ganglion cell in any part of the retina provides an index of cortical [division/split] .

Preferential allocation of cortical area to more central retinal projections is consistent with the results of some previous anatomical and electrophysiological experiments .
preferential [division/split] of cortical area to more central retinal projections is consistent with the results of some previous anatomical and electrophysiological experiments .

The ‘ disposable soma ’ theory is an optimality account of ageing , in which allocation of resources to reproduction jeopardizes somatic repair mechanisms and hence longevity .
the ‘ disposable soma ’ theory is an optimality account of ageing , in which [division/split] of resources to reproduction jeopardizes somatic repair mechanisms and hence longevity .

By keeping double taxation to a minimum and cracking down on phoney transfer pricing , these international arrangements have helped boost the efficient allocation of capital worldwide .
by keeping double taxation to a minimum and cracking down on phoney transfer pricing , these international arrangements have helped boost the efficient [division/split] of capital worldwide .

So the decisive factor in the election will be their promised or implicit allocation of government jobs along regional or ethnic lines , known as ‘ zoning ’ , and the backing of the big power-brokers in Nigerian politics , many of whom have been disqualified from running themselves .
so the decisive factor in the election will be their promised or implicit [division/split] of government jobs along regional or ethnic lines , known as ‘ zoning ’ , and the backing of the big power-brokers in nigerian politics , many of whom have been disqualified from running themselves .

In part , the high-cost squalor that characterizes many expansionist prison systems results from a trade-off between capacity and conditions with respect to the allocation of public finances .
in part , the high-cost squalor that characterizes many expansionist prison systems results from a trade-off between capacity and conditions with respect to the [division/split] of public finances .

The allocation of work was in some cases based upon people 's skills outside ; for example , prisoners who had been barbers , washermen , gardeners or ‘ sweepers ’ ( refuse collectors and cleaners from the lower castes ) were given similar jobs if available , but , generally speaking , new inmates were assigned a task without much deliberation or consultation .
the [division/split] of work was in some cases based upon people 's skills outside ; for example , prisoners who had been barbers , washermen , gardeners or ‘ sweepers ’ ( refuse collectors and cleaners from the lower castes ) were given similar jobs if available , but , generally speaking , new inmates were assigned a task without much deliberation or consultation .

The Eighth Finance Commission in 1985 recommended the allocation of more funds for the restructuring of prison buildings , and the Ministry of Welfare put forward a plan for improving the welfare of prisoners , including some attention to after-care , under the Seventh Five Year Plan .
the eighth finance commission in 1985 recommended the [division/split] of more funds for the restructuring of prison buildings , and the ministry of welfare put forward a plan for improving the welfare of prisoners , including some attention to after-care , under the seventh five year plan .

The allocation of inmates to any one of these depends on their participation in the five-stage programme which leads to probation and release .
the [division/split] of inmates to any one of these depends on their participation in the five-stage programme which leads to probation and release .

The gaoler was appointed , made his living as best as he could from bribes , favours , anxious relatives and profits from the already meagre food allocation — and was allowed to get on with it .
the gaoler was appointed , made his living as best as he could from bribes , favours , anxious relatives and profits from the already meagre food [division/split] — and was allowed to get on with it .

The usual pattern of referral and case allocation is unsuited to highly mobile families .
the usual pattern of referral and case [division/split] is unsuited to highly mobile families .

This was hardly a rational allocation of talent for an industry which , above all others , was capital-intensive , but had an unrivalled record of good labour relations .
this was hardly a rational [division/split] of talent for an industry which , above all others , was capital-intensive , but had an unrivalled record of good labour relations .

Under this threat , Gaitskell allowed them to increase the investment allocation for supplying industry and new housing estates , though there were some cuts in the rural electrification programme .
under this threat , gaitskell allowed them to increase the investment [division/split] for supplying industry and new housing estates , though there were some cuts in the rural electrification programme .

Its precise effect on the allocation of investment resources would depend on the detailed working out of the disciplines , and the Treasury certainly took no chances on a complete return to the free market in investment capital .
its precise effect on the [division/split] of investment resources would depend on the detailed working out of the disciplines , and the treasury certainly took no chances on a complete return to the free market in investment capital .

What was the upshot for resource allocation of the wrangles between the Electricity Boards and Whitehall in the first ten years of nationalisation ?
what was the upshot for resource [division/split] of the wrangles between the electricity boards and whitehall in the first ten years of nationalisation ?

Although the Central Authority initially resisted the more direct encroachment of Whitehall on the Area Boards ( successfully insisting that communication should normally be through the Authority ) , the semi-political process which determined the Whitehall allocation of resources to electricity was mirrored within the British Electricity Authority .
although the central authority initially resisted the more direct encroachment of whitehall on the area boards ( successfully insisting that communication should normally be through the authority ) , the semi-political process which determined the whitehall [division/split] of resources to electricity was mirrored within the british electricity authority .

This consensual bargaining process also played a significant part in determining the allocation of resources between individual Area Boards on matters on which their interests differed .
this consensual bargaining process also played a significant part in determining the [division/split] of resources between individual area boards on matters on which their interests differed .

Moreover , the cases that did occur ( and the Central Authority 's reluctant acquiescence in them ) pointed up the importance of internal politics as well as commercial disciplines in determining both the Boards ' behaviour and internal resource allocation .
moreover , the cases that did occur ( and the central authority 's reluctant acquiescence in them ) pointed up the importance of internal politics as well as commercial disciplines in determining both the boards ' behaviour and internal resource [division/split] .

There were genuine reasons for doubting its accuracy — the issues of joint cost allocation were ( and remain ) problematical — hut the senior management response to it ( they insisted it be withdrawn even from internal circulation ) betrayed a greater devotion to the cause of suppressing criticism than it did to that of searching for the truth .
there were genuine reasons for doubting its accuracy — the issues of joint cost [division/split] were ( and remain ) problematical — hut the senior management response to it ( they insisted it be withdrawn even from internal circulation ) betrayed a greater devotion to the cause of suppressing criticism than it did to that of searching for the truth .

The captain and the chief and second mates received cargo allotments of value , but officers of junior rank were unlikely to make very substantial profits , even if they were not forced to share their allocation of cargo space with the commander in order to obtain a place at all .
the captain and the chief and second mates received cargo allotments of value , but officers of junior rank were unlikely to make very substantial profits , even if they were not forced to share their [division/split] of cargo space with the commander in order to obtain a place at all .

Because Statementing is concerned with the allocation of resources rather than with the identification of needs strict limits are placed on the power of parents to affect the Statementing process .
because statementing is concerned with the [division/split] of resources rather than with the identification of needs strict limits are placed on the power of parents to affect the statementing process .

While accepting that if national productivity increased at the then current rate and priority in the allocation of social expenditure was given to the elderly , the current pension-policies could be maintained , the Philips Committee stressed the magnitude of the commitments being entered into on behalf of future generations of taxpayers .
while accepting that if national productivity increased at the then current rate and priority in the [division/split] of social expenditure was given to the elderly , the current pension-policies could be maintained , the philips committee stressed the magnitude of the commitments being entered into on behalf of future generations of taxpayers .

Now if you relate that to other things the government does like , for example , financing a fighter aeroplane , which costs £30 million , the sums are so small , one would hope there would be some shift in the allocation of resources towards the museums sector and the arts generally , because they are such extraordinarily important features of British life , not least in commercial terms .
now if you relate that to other things the government does like , for example , financing a fighter aeroplane , which costs £30 million , the sums are so small , one would hope there would be some shift in the [division/split] of resources towards the museums sector and the arts generally , because they are such extraordinarily important features of british life , not least in commercial terms .

These reasons are given in detail in the discussion of man-machine function allocation ( p. 35 ) .
these reasons are given in detail in the discussion of man-machine function [division/split] ( p. 35 ) .

1.2 shows the outline of the systems design process in a way which emphasises the parallel roles of the engineer and the ergonomist concerned respectively with the design of the hardware and the personnel sub-systems and their common design problems of allocation of function and interface design .
1.2 shows the outline of the systems design process in a way which emphasises the parallel roles of the engineer and the ergonomist concerned respectively with the design of the hardware and the personnel sub-systems and their common design problems of [division/split] of function and interface design .

Nevertheless , if committees , working parties and task forces begin to proliferate within the design team , this is a sure indication that the basic allocation into sub-systems was not optimal .
nevertheless , if committees , working parties and task forces begin to proliferate within the design team , this is a sure indication that the basic [division/split] into sub-systems was not optimal .

This may be true in a formal sense but allocation of blame is not usually a productive exercise particularly from a learning view-point .
this may be true in a formal sense but [division/split] of blame is not usually a productive exercise particularly from a learning view-point .

At the time it was hoped that eventually it would be possible to refine the quantitative distinctions between the performance of men and machines so that allocation of function decisions would be unambiguous ( Wuffeck and Zeitlin , 1962 ) , but this has not happened .
at the time it was hoped that eventually it would be possible to refine the quantitative distinctions between the performance of men and machines so that [division/split] of function decisions would be unambiguous ( wuffeck and zeitlin , 1962 ) , but this has not happened .

This approach contravenes currently fashionable Human Factors methodology that there should be a formal attempt to carry out man-machine allocation .
this approach contravenes currently fashionable human factors methodology that there should be a formal attempt to carry out man-machine [division/split] .

Operational experience of real systems design reinforces doubts about the allocation of function concept as a basis for a unitary systematic procedure .
operational experience of real systems design reinforces doubts about the [division/split] of function concept as a basis for a unitary systematic procedure .

Thus , allocation of function requires a continuous juggling of functional , mechanistic and behavioural approaches .
thus , [division/split] of function requires a continuous juggling of functional , mechanistic and behavioural approaches .

Even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation considerations .
even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine [division/split] considerations .

The shifts of allocation of function from this point of view are illustrated in Fig .
the shifts of [division/split] of function from this point of view are illustrated in fig .

Swain and Wohl ( 1961 ) argue that the man-machine concept is oversimplified , it should be man-machine procedures allocation and also that prime equipment should be separated from check-out equipment ( Fig. 1 . 14 )
swain and wohl ( 1961 ) argue that the man-machine concept is oversimplified , it should be man-machine procedures [division/split] and also that prime equipment should be separated from check-out equipment ( fig. 1 . 14 )

In equipment involving advanced technology the allocation of the control function is between the on-line operator and the designer .
in equipment involving advanced technology the [division/split] of the control function is between the on-line operator and the designer .

High technology can also be used to provide the operator with flexibility in the allocation of functions , he can make his own decision about when to control manually and when to leave it to the mechanisms .
high technology can also be used to provide the operator with flexibility in the [division/split] of functions , he can make his own decision about when to control manually and when to leave it to the mechanisms .

It emerges from the above discussion that man-machine allocation of function is at best an oversimplification and it may lead to the neglect of some key features of human performance .
it emerges from the above discussion that man-machine [division/split] of function is at best an oversimplification and it may lead to the neglect of some key features of human performance .

These features are just as important to efficient performance as are data about plant functions but they can not be incorporated in a man-machine allocation process .
these features are just as important to efficient performance as are data about plant functions but they can not be incorporated in a man-machine [division/split] process .

Implicit in the attempt to complete a systematic man-machine function allocation is the principle that some trade-off is possible .
implicit in the attempt to complete a systematic man-machine function [division/split] is the principle that some trade-off is possible .

The design of the man-machine interface must develop from an understanding of how the man is expected to interact with the machine and correspondingly the design of selection , allocation and training schemes depends on knowing what is required of the operator .
the design of the man-machine interface must develop from an understanding of how the man is expected to interact with the machine and correspondingly the design of selection , [division/split] and training schemes depends on knowing what is required of the operator .

For information systems the allocation of function and interface design issues merge into the procedure for considering the required points of human intervention in the total information network .
for information systems the [division/split] of function and interface design issues merge into the procedure for considering the required points of human intervention in the total information network .

From this point of view the allocation of function and interface design are one core design activity based on the man-machine concept .
from this point of view the [division/split] of function and interface design are one core design activity based on the man-machine concept .

Tasks represent the human contribution to system performance but for purposes of personnel selection , training and allocation , it is necessary for tasks to be separated or combined into jobs .
tasks represent the human contribution to system performance but for purposes of personnel selection , training and [division/split] , it is necessary for tasks to be separated or combined into jobs .

As already mentioned what is significant for a task description leading to an interface design may be different from what is significant for personnel allocation and training but the available procedures are the same .
as already mentioned what is significant for a task description leading to an interface design may be different from what is significant for personnel [division/split] and training but the available procedures are the same .

Technology has shifted the general allocation of function slightly both in industry and in defence .
technology has shifted the general [division/split] of function slightly both in industry and in defence .

Widespread racial discrimination against black people in the availability and allocation of housing has been extensively discussed in a range of surveys and investigations .
widespread racial discrimination against black people in the availability and [division/split] of housing has been extensively discussed in a range of surveys and investigations .

Investigation of recruitment strategies indicates that the role of education in occupational allocation is much more contingent than is often allowed .
investigation of recruitment strategies indicates that the role of education in occupational [division/split] is much more contingent than is often allowed .

Sex equality policies are not widespread , yet they do relate to mainstream education practice and funding : for example policies concerned to alter ordinary timetabling processes , counselling systems and resource allocation .
sex equality policies are not widespread , yet they do relate to mainstream education practice and funding : for example policies concerned to alter ordinary timetabling processes , counselling systems and resource [division/split] .

This allocation of bargaining rights to minority unions in some cases ( thereby institutionalising union pluralism ) may also help to explain the chronic weakness of union organisation in France over a long period .
this [division/split] of bargaining rights to minority unions in some cases ( thereby institutionalising union pluralism ) may also help to explain the chronic weakness of union organisation in france over a long period .

Therefore , training became internalised within the structured organisation of the firm itself and , to reduce turnover , an internal labour market system of workforce allocation and promotion , along with a wage structure , was developed ( see Chapter 3 ) .
therefore , training became internalised within the structured organisation of the firm itself and , to reduce turnover , an internal labour market system of workforce [division/split] and promotion , along with a wage structure , was developed ( see chapter 3 ) .

They require a missionary team , which , in addition to having a gifted leader , comprises a task force with an allocation of funds .
they require a missionary team , which , in addition to having a gifted leader , comprises a task force with an [division/split] of funds .

These actions corresponded to the formation of a new life , its allocation of good and evil influences , and its span of existence .
these actions corresponded to the formation of a new life , its [division/split] of good and evil influences , and its span of existence .

Changes requiring Project Committee approval include any substantial changes in technical direction which have implications for the allocation of resources or for time and cost required for the completion of the Project .
changes requiring project committee approval include any substantial changes in technical direction which have implications for the [division/split] of resources or for time and cost required for the completion of the project .

‘ The federal income tax law offers a rather neat illustration of the divergence between a widely publicized symbol and actual resource allocation patterns ’ observes Edelman ( 1964 , p. 28 ) , drawing attention to the typical divergence between the ‘ letter of the law ’ and its implementation .
‘ the federal income tax law offers a rather neat illustration of the divergence between a widely publicized symbol and actual resource [division/split] patterns ’ observes edelman ( 1964 , p. 28 ) , drawing attention to the typical divergence between the ‘ letter of the law ’ and its implementation .

These elites are internally divided around different interpretations of liberal ideology stressing the competing claims of private property and of merit in the allocation of social privileges .
these elites are internally divided around different interpretations of liberal ideology stressing the competing claims of private property and of merit in the [division/split] of social privileges .

Nor is the comparative evidence of the allocation of functions between state organizations in liberal democracies very favourable for the theory ( Sharpe , 1984 ) .
nor is the comparative evidence of the [division/split] of functions between state organizations in liberal democracies very favourable for the theory ( sharpe , 1984 ) .

Such units , consisting of a few closely related families , contain between a dozen and sixty individuals who live together and cultivate under the direction of their elder , whose chief responsibility is the allocation and control of arable land .
such units , consisting of a few closely related families , contain between a dozen and sixty individuals who live together and cultivate under the direction of their elder , whose chief responsibility is the [division/split] and control of arable land .

In other words a capital outlay and revenue allocation will , by necessity , precede the recovery of any sums realised as a result of the reduction in long stay services .
in other words a capital outlay and revenue [division/split] will , by necessity , precede the recovery of any sums realised as a result of the reduction in long stay services .

When it comes to the production of players , independent schemes could put forward ‘ tenders ’ to the All England Club for the allocation of its funds .
when it comes to the production of players , independent schemes could put forward ‘ tenders ’ to the all england club for the [division/split] of its funds .

Twelve hours a week had been an adequate , even generous allocation of time when young Father Kendrick had been priest-in-charge .
twelve hours a week had been an adequate , even generous [division/split] of time when young father kendrick had been priest-in-charge .

The allocation of resources to authorities must be linked not only to social need in terms of the levels of disability locally and the age and social class patterns of handicap and mental disorder , but also to the local costs of delivering that care .
the [division/split] of resources to authorities must be linked not only to social need in terms of the levels of disability locally and the age and social class patterns of handicap and mental disorder , but also to the local costs of delivering that care .

The accountant is faced with the same problems regarding the correct allocation of cost to the current or following month for payment certificates near or straddling the month end , as was discussed under directly employed labour .
the accountant is faced with the same problems regarding the correct [division/split] of cost to the current or following month for payment certificates near or straddling the month end , as was discussed under directly employed labour .

It is also important for building companies to attempt to assess the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .
it is also important for building companies to attempt to assess the correct [division/split] of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .

Where the market is allocated on the basis of tenders , more intricate measures may be needed to ensure that the contracts are shared out , including perhaps ‘ allocation ’ of each contract to a particular firm and agreement on how the other firms will rig their bids to ensure that they are not awarded the contract ‘ by mistake ’ .
where the market is allocated on the basis of tenders , more intricate measures may be needed to ensure that the contracts are shared out , including perhaps ‘ [division/split] ’ of each contract to a particular firm and agreement on how the other firms will rig their bids to ensure that they are not awarded the contract ‘ by mistake ’ .

In principle , price discrimination is required for optimal resource allocation : for example , a monopolist practising perfect price discrimination will produce more output than a non-discriminating monopolist .
in principle , price discrimination is required for optimal resource [division/split] : for example , a monopolist practising perfect price discrimination will produce more output than a non-discriminating monopolist .

Informally put , in the case of an oligopolistic market this can be achieved by an agreement which specifies that the punishing firms choose outputs or prices which yield them higher profit than at the collusive allocation , so that they would actually gain in the punishment phase .
informally put , in the case of an oligopolistic market this can be achieved by an agreement which specifies that the punishing firms choose outputs or prices which yield them higher profit than at the collusive [division/split] , so that they would actually gain in the punishment phase .

Resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .
resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , [division/split] of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .

The widespread use of the ocean bill of lading until recent times was due to the certainty of its enforceability and to the relative fairness of its allocation of liability for carriage risks .
the widespread use of the ocean bill of lading until recent times was due to the certainty of its enforceability and to the relative fairness of its [division/split] of liability for carriage risks .

These ministries had to ask permission for all major items of expenditure within the total sum voted and had , at the end of the year , to account to the Treasury for the detailed expenditure of their allocation of funds .
these ministries had to ask permission for all major items of expenditure within the total sum voted and had , at the end of the year , to account to the treasury for the detailed expenditure of their [division/split] of funds .

The report of the Resource Allocation Working Party in 1976 is the latest and boldest attempt so far .
the report of the resource [division/split] working party in 1976 is the latest and boldest attempt so far .

Similar policies were pursued in the 1970s , particularly in relation to health services , culminating in the Report of the Resource Allocation Working Party in the mid-1970s .
similar policies were pursued in the 1970s , particularly in relation to health services , culminating in the report of the resource [division/split] working party in the mid-1970s .

’ And yet , in a separate discussion of education in Cuba since the revolution , Bowles claims the exact opposite : ‘ There is every indication ’ , he writes , ‘ that the allocation of a sizeable fraction of the nation 's resources to education has made a major contribution to the forces of production .
’ and yet , in a separate discussion of education in cuba since the revolution , bowles claims the exact opposite : ‘ there is every indication ’ , he writes , ‘ that the [division/split] of a sizeable fraction of the nation 's resources to education has made a major contribution to the forces of production .

It had resulted in the allocation of funds based not on the best interests of justice but on value for money .
it had resulted in the [division/split] of funds based not on the best interests of justice but on value for money .

The report of the Review Body on Civil Justice said the Council ‘ should enable the judiciary to plan for the allocation of High Court caseloads and judge power in the light of needs and resources of that court as a whole rather than of individual Divisions .
the report of the review body on civil justice said the council ‘ should enable the judiciary to plan for the [division/split] of high court caseloads and judge power in the light of needs and resources of that court as a whole rather than of individual divisions .

‘ Externalities ’ are turned into ‘ internalities ’ and the ‘ market system ’ is increasingly being undermined by bureaucratic methods of internalized economic allocation within conglomerates or diversified firms .
‘ externalities ’ are turned into ‘ internalities ’ and the ‘ market system ’ is increasingly being undermined by bureaucratic methods of internalized economic [division/split] within conglomerates or diversified firms .

Resource allocation from central to local government does take into account the a real disadvantage through the use of an index of deprivation derived by combining estimates of the proportion of the children under 17 in the local authority who were in households lacking amenities ; in one-parent households ; in households with four or more dependent children ; with a head of household in a semi-skilled , unskilled or agricultural occupation ; in families receiving supplementary benefit ; themselves born outside the United Kingdom , or in a family whose head was born abroad .
resource [division/split] from central to local government does take into account the a real disadvantage through the use of an index of deprivation derived by combining estimates of the proportion of the children under 17 in the local authority who were in households lacking amenities ; in one-parent households ; in households with four or more dependent children ; with a head of household in a semi-skilled , unskilled or agricultural occupation ; in families receiving supplementary benefit ; themselves born outside the united kingdom , or in a family whose head was born abroad .

Sufficient funds for this may not be allocated if the allocation is based on the medium deprivation of the larger area .
sufficient funds for this may not be allocated if the [division/split] is based on the medium deprivation of the larger area .

This allocation requires information on the future demand for places in particular schools — school roll forecasts .
this [division/split] requires information on the future demand for places in particular schools — school roll forecasts .

There are five main ways in which these forecasts are used : for resource allocation in the near future ; to plan longer-term capital expenditure ; to assess planned admission limits for schools ; to aid reorganization ; and to help forecast the future budget for the local authority — both educational and corporate .
there are five main ways in which these forecasts are used : for resource [division/split] in the near future ; to plan longer-term capital expenditure ; to assess planned admission limits for schools ; to aid reorganization ; and to help forecast the future budget for the local authority — both educational and corporate .

Resource allocation in the near future requires accurate information not only for each school but within a school for each year .
resource [division/split] in the near future requires accurate information not only for each school but within a school for each year .

We present several criteria by which such allocation systems should be judged and indicate many failings , for which remedies can often be suggested .
we present several criteria by which such [division/split] systems should be judged and indicate many failings , for which remedies can often be suggested .

The allocation procedures , especially for Local Government , are very complex and we can not provide full details here ( a more detailed account of the current system is given by Hobcraft , forthcoming ; for a broader , historical sweep see Bennett , 1982 ; see also Department of the Environment , 1985 , and Association of County Councils , 1985 ) .
the [division/split] procedures , especially for local government , are very complex and we can not provide full details here ( a more detailed account of the current system is given by hobcraft , forthcoming ; for a broader , historical sweep see bennett , 1982 ; see also department of the environment , 1985 , and association of county councils , 1985 ) .

Each of the several other indicators used affects the total allocation per child by much less , with overall ranges of £12 to £18 .
each of the several other indicators used affects the total [division/split] per child by much less , with overall ranges of £12 to £18 .

Such uncertainty in the allocation procedures ( even if considerably overstated ) is extremely worrying .
such uncertainty in the [division/split] procedures ( even if considerably overstated ) is extremely worrying .

Many of the difficulties of timeliness , accuracy , reliability , specificity and of the construction and choice of indicators would be eased very considerably if Central Government were to institute a very large continuing ‘ Resource Allocation ’ survey , with a sample of perhaps two to ten per cent of the population in each year .
many of the difficulties of timeliness , accuracy , reliability , specificity and of the construction and choice of indicators would be eased very considerably if central government were to institute a very large continuing ‘ resource [division/split] ’ survey , with a sample of perhaps two to ten per cent of the population in each year .

When questions , for example on morbidity , had been validated in the General Household Survey , it would be possible to include them in the Resource Allocation Survey .
when questions , for example on morbidity , had been validated in the general household survey , it would be possible to include them in the resource [division/split] survey .

Broader Criteria for Resource Allocation Procedures
broader criteria for resource [division/split] procedures

It is more or less impossible to consider formulae used for resource allocation without paying close attention to issues of stability , equity , transparency and public accountability .
it is more or less impossible to consider formulae used for resource [division/split] without paying close attention to issues of stability , equity , transparency and public accountability .

Stability has manifestly failed to be achieved in recent years for the allocation of the Rate Support Grant .
stability has manifestly failed to be achieved in recent years for the [division/split] of the rate support grant .

These assessments form a crucial input to the determination of the actual funding allocation to each Local Authority through Block Grant .
these assessments form a crucial input to the determination of the actual funding [division/split] to each local authority through block grant .

Will these families be more symmetrical as far as the allocation of unpaid work is concerned ?
will these families be more symmetrical as far as the [division/split] of unpaid work is concerned ?

Whatever form it takes , however , such conspicuous consumption — ; and hence the allocation of status — depends upon income and farm workers , on low wages , simply can not compete in this league .
whatever form it takes , however , such conspicuous consumption — ; and hence the [division/split] of status — depends upon income and farm workers , on low wages , simply can not compete in this league .

They have formed parent — teacher associations and other pressure groups to make their voice heard at County Hall and they have also , by becoming elected as local councillors , been able directly to influence the allocation of resources .
they have formed parent — teacher associations and other pressure groups to make their voice heard at county hall and they have also , by becoming elected as local councillors , been able directly to influence the [division/split] of resources .

This , of course , is using the term housing market in the broadest possible sense to mean the allocation and distribution of housing , including those houses which lie outside the market sector itself , such as local authority housing and tied cottages .
this , of course , is using the term housing market in the broadest possible sense to mean the [division/split] and distribution of housing , including those houses which lie outside the market sector itself , such as local authority housing and tied cottages .

How this system of allocation has been operated and controlled has long had a significant effect in moulding the social composition of the rural village , for it has largely influenced who lives where .
how this system of [division/split] has been operated and controlled has long had a significant effect in moulding the social composition of the rural village , for it has largely influenced who lives where .

The policies covered : new building programmes ; adaptation of existing stock ; modernisation programmes ; allocation procedures ; grants to private owners ; staff training .
the policies covered : new building programmes ; adaptation of existing stock ; modernisation programmes ; [division/split] procedures ; grants to private owners ; staff training .

Most housing departments failed to integrate disabled people into their allocation policies .
most housing departments failed to integrate disabled people into their [division/split] policies .

It follows in virtue of this control that companies have power not only in the sense of discretion over the allocation of resources between different uses , but also in a more invasive sense of an ability to influence individual desires and conduct .
it follows in virtue of this control that companies have power not only in the sense of discretion over the [division/split] of resources between different uses , but also in a more invasive sense of an ability to influence individual desires and conduct .

Let the packing density be p and the number of records per bucket be r . The percentage of synonyms to be expected for any given case , assuming that record allocation to addresses is entirely random and that synonyms are only stored after all home records , is as follows :
let the packing density be p and the number of records per bucket be r . the percentage of synonyms to be expected for any given case , assuming that record [division/split] to addresses is entirely random and that synonyms are only stored after all home records , is as follows :

6.14 shows the pattern of record allocation for 80 per cent and 90 per cent packing .
6.14 shows the pattern of record [division/split] for 80 per cent and 90 per cent packing .

Use the following keys to test the effectiveness of using the remainder after division as a randomizing algorithm ; divide by 37 , 41 , 43 , and 101 , and comment on the results you obtain . Can you suggest any other method of allocation of records to addresses that might reduce both wasted space and numbers of synonyms ? What might he the disadvantage of such a method if the file were larger ?
use the following keys to test the effectiveness of using the remainder after division as a randomizing algorithm ; divide by 37 , 41 , 43 , and 101 , and comment on the results you obtain . can you suggest any other method of [division/split] of records to addresses that might reduce both wasted space and numbers of synonyms ? what might he the disadvantage of such a method if the file were larger ?

Thus , in addition to the basic meaning of ‘ constitution ’ — a document containing , at the very least , a code of rules setting out the allocation of functions , powers and duties among the various agencies and officers of government — there is a wider meaning of constitution , according to which every democratic state has a constitution .
thus , in addition to the basic meaning of ‘ constitution ’ — a document containing , at the very least , a code of rules setting out the [division/split] of functions , powers and duties among the various agencies and officers of government — there is a wider meaning of constitution , according to which every democratic state has a constitution .

The sale of council houses has taken place against the background of an allocation policy that has done much to lay the basis of the emergence of ghettos .
the sale of council houses has taken place against the background of an [division/split] policy that has done much to lay the basis of the emergence of ghettos .

It is indicative of the lack of serious analysis of the artefact , however , that even for such a politically sensitive issue as the division between private purchase and state allocation , the implications for the subsequent relationship people have with those goods are quite unknown ( with the possible exception of housing ) .
it is indicative of the lack of serious analysis of the artefact , however , that even for such a politically sensitive issue as the division between private purchase and state [division/split] , the implications for the subsequent relationship people have with those goods are quite unknown ( with the possible exception of housing ) .

The consumption of modernist architecture as residential form is almost entirely through state allocation .
the consumption of modernist architecture as residential form is almost entirely through state [division/split] .

Accounting is a measurement and communication system to provide economic and social information about an identifiable entity to permit users to make informed judgments and decisions leading to an optimal allocation of resources and the accomplishment of an organization 's objectives .
accounting is a measurement and communication system to provide economic and social information about an identifiable entity to permit users to make informed judgments and decisions leading to an optimal [division/split] of resources and the accomplishment of an organization 's objectives .

To provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisitioning and allocation of resources on the achievement of their organizational objectives .
to provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisitioning and [division/split] of resources on the achievement of their organizational objectives .

The line item/input approach prevents proper political choice amongst objectives and the rational allocation of resources .
the line item/input approach prevents proper political choice amongst objectives and the rational [division/split] of resources .

By contrast ‘ systems budgeting ’ , as with some forms of programme budgeting , considers the allocation of funds as necessary to attain future objectives .
by contrast ‘ systems budgeting ’ , as with some forms of programme budgeting , considers the [division/split] of funds as necessary to attain future objectives .

The view taken was that in order to get the best allocation of investible resources between public and private industries , the discount rate used in the public sector should be similar to the return which private firms would consider acceptable on new investment … it seemed sensible to set a rate for public enterprises which corresponds broadly with that sought by large private firms of good standing engaged in low-risk business .
the view taken was that in order to get the best [division/split] of investible resources between public and private industries , the discount rate used in the public sector should be similar to the return which private firms would consider acceptable on new investment … it seemed sensible to set a rate for public enterprises which corresponds broadly with that sought by large private firms of good standing engaged in low-risk business .

An explanation of recent significant ( undefined ) changes in classification or allocation of expenditure .
an explanation of recent significant ( undefined ) changes in classification or [division/split] of expenditure .

The second process involves the allocation of funds to implement part or all of the legislated programme .
the second process involves the [division/split] of funds to implement part or all of the legislated programme .

As in other enforcement work , allocation of resources has direct implications for the nature and extent of the deviance discovered ( Long , 1979 ) .
as in other enforcement work , [division/split] of resources has direct implications for the nature and extent of the deviance discovered ( long , 1979 ) .

The presence of a complainant means that reactively organized enforcement is less private , since it is prompted by outsiders , and it permits agencies less opportunity to control their case-loads or allocation of resources .
the presence of a complainant means that reactively organized enforcement is less private , since it is prompted by outsiders , and it permits agencies less opportunity to control their case-loads or [division/split] of resources .

Selection and allocation procedures
selection and [division/split] procedures

Schools are pre-eminently institutional sites for selection and deselect ion , for the allocation of students to different levels in status hierarchies of subjects in the curriculum and public examinations .
schools are pre-eminently institutional sites for selection and deselect ion , for the [division/split] of students to different levels in status hierarchies of subjects in the curriculum and public examinations .

Space Allocation and Role
space [division/split] and role

Strict protocol exists as to the allocation of data to each sub-file .
strict protocol exists as to the [division/split] of data to each sub-file .

Control over the designing of new parts and modification of existing parts is maintained by attribute allocation and the where used file .
control over the designing of new parts and modification of existing parts is maintained by attribute [division/split] and the where used file .

Attributed allocation also reduces data stored .
attributed [division/split] also reduces data stored .

Moreover , Dewey gave an undertaking that no drastic changes would ever be made in the allocation of numbers to subjects , although certain modifications have been made in recent editions .
moreover , dewey gave an undertaking that no drastic changes would ever be made in the [division/split] of numbers to subjects , although certain modifications have been made in recent editions .

The notion that the cognitive processing necessary for one task can be assessed by measuring the spare capacity available for allocation to a second task is one that has proved useful in several areas of psychology ( Kalsbeek and Sykes , 1967 ) .
the notion that the cognitive processing necessary for one task can be assessed by measuring the spare capacity available for [division/split] to a second task is one that has proved useful in several areas of psychology ( kalsbeek and sykes , 1967 ) .

One such functional prerequisite is effective role allocation and performance .
one such functional prerequisite is effective role [division/split] and performance .

Davis and Moore argue that all societies need some mechanism for insuring effective role allocation and performance .
davis and moore argue that all societies need some mechanism for insuring effective role [division/split] and performance .

Following Michael Young 's usage of the term , such a system of role allocation has come to be known as a ‘ meritocracy ’ .
following michael young 's usage of the term , such a system of role [division/split] has come to be known as a ‘ meritocracy ’ .

Scott says that the clearing banks are ‘ of great significance in the allocation of capital , the recruitment of business leaders and the flow of information ’ .
scott says that the clearing banks are ‘ of great significance in the [division/split] of capital , the recruitment of business leaders and the flow of information ’ .

Fundamentally , many regard the ‘ conflict ’ over housing as an extension of the major divisions in society and argue that the allocation of housing is determined largely by the power that each group has come to possess in a society with a long history of class conflict ( Haddon 1970 ; Duncan 1976 ; Mellor 1977 ) .
fundamentally , many regard the ‘ conflict ’ over housing as an extension of the major divisions in society and argue that the [division/split] of housing is determined largely by the power that each group has come to possess in a society with a long history of class conflict ( haddon 1970 ; duncan 1976 ; mellor 1977 ) .

Housing subsidies in the past have sometimes favoured rural areas , but Shucksmith believes that the higher building costs have not been matched , and that ‘ it is clear that central government policies have played a major role in frustrating council housing in rural areas , both through the overall financial allocation to rural areas , and through the constraints imposed on individual developments … .
housing subsidies in the past have sometimes favoured rural areas , but shucksmith believes that the higher building costs have not been matched , and that ‘ it is clear that central government policies have played a major role in frustrating council housing in rural areas , both through the overall financial [division/split] to rural areas , and through the constraints imposed on individual developments … .

All this evidence tends to support the contention that there will be relatively few new council houses available for allocation in the more remote areas where housing need and accessibility problems may be most acute .
all this evidence tends to support the contention that there will be relatively few new council houses available for [division/split] in the more remote areas where housing need and accessibility problems may be most acute .

Therefore an examination of housing management must consider the following : pointing schemes or other forms of assessment of applicants ; allocation and transfer policies ; building policies and sales policies ( Phillips and Williams 1982a , 1982c ) .
therefore an examination of housing management must consider the following : pointing schemes or other forms of assessment of applicants ; [division/split] and transfer policies ; building policies and sales policies ( phillips and williams 1982a , 1982c ) .

Allocation of housing is frequently carried out by quasi-objective schemes to allocate ‘ points ’ to each applicant .
[division/split] of housing is frequently carried out by quasi-objective schemes to allocate ‘ points ’ to each applicant .

Only in a very few cases are points awarded explicitly to recognize the need to reside in specific rural locations , which is a sad reflection on the past role of allocation policy .
only in a very few cases are points awarded explicitly to recognize the need to reside in specific rural locations , which is a sad reflection on the past role of [division/split] policy .

The Scottish Development Department ( 1980 ) also suggest that all allocation schemes should be sensitive to transfer requests , especially where these will release housing that is in considerable demand by other groups .
the scottish development department ( 1980 ) also suggest that all [division/split] schemes should be sensitive to transfer requests , especially where these will release housing that is in considerable demand by other groups .

Many of the tenants buying would have remained in the same houses , so there would not have been ‘ voids ’ for allocation in any case .
many of the tenants buying would have remained in the same houses , so there would not have been ‘ voids ’ for [division/split] in any case .

First , neither the development of the ‘ visible hand ’ in coordinating ‘ vertical ’ flows from the extraction of raw materials through to final sales , nor the rise of the diversified corporation carrying out a planned allocation of resources between different product divisions , abolishes competition between capitalist enterprises .
first , neither the development of the ‘ visible hand ’ in coordinating ‘ vertical ’ flows from the extraction of raw materials through to final sales , nor the rise of the diversified corporation carrying out a planned [division/split] of resources between different product divisions , abolishes competition between capitalist enterprises .

This can be represented schematically as below : The Left government in nation state 2 may be obliged to sever the relations of possession linking the operating units of the multidivisional international firms to their general offices ( indicated by crossed arrows ) in order to gain control over the allocation of resources within the nation state .
this can be represented schematically as below : the left government in nation state 2 may be obliged to sever the relations of possession linking the operating units of the multidivisional international firms to their general offices ( indicated by crossed arrows ) in order to gain control over the [division/split] of resources within the nation state .

So the right to a pension or endowment is a far cry from any power of possession over means of production , or positive influence over the allocation of resources .
so the right to a pension or endowment is a far cry from any power of possession over means of production , or positive influence over the [division/split] of resources .

Broad political support will not , of course , be won merely by appealing to the inherent rationality of planning as opposed to the profit-oriented allocation of resources .
broad political support will not , of course , be won merely by appealing to the inherent rationality of planning as opposed to the profit-oriented [division/split] of resources .

What is to ensure that the allocation of resources is not arbitrary , subject to the sway of ad hoc political pressure ?
what is to ensure that the [division/split] of resources is not arbitrary , subject to the sway of ad hoc political pressure ?

One of the most basic features of capitalism is the separation of the workers from the means of production and one of the most basic aims of socialism is to abolish that separation , to regulate the allocation of resources and the expenditure of labour time according to the ‘ republican and beneficent system of the association of free and equal producers ’ ( Marx , 1974 , p. 90 ) .
one of the most basic features of capitalism is the separation of the workers from the means of production and one of the most basic aims of socialism is to abolish that separation , to regulate the [division/split] of resources and the expenditure of labour time according to the ‘ republican and beneficent system of the association of free and equal producers ’ ( marx , 1974 , p. 90 ) .

One general problem of socialism is to find a satisfactory mode of institutionalising conflict over the allocation of resources within the context of planning , and minimising the antagonisms it could generate .
one general problem of socialism is to find a satisfactory mode of institutionalising conflict over the [division/split] of resources within the context of planning , and minimising the antagonisms it could generate .

This is an important tier within the complicated government structure set up for the health service , with responsibilities for the allocation of resources and for strategic planning .
this is an important tier within the complicated government structure set up for the health service , with responsibilities for the [division/split] of resources and for strategic planning .

Thus it seems likely that health authorities were encouraged to be generous in the allocation of budgets , that fundholders were less concerned than they might otherwise have been about the need to stay within strict cash limits , and that non-fundholders were allowed greater freedom of referral than might have been anticipated .
thus it seems likely that health authorities were encouraged to be generous in the [division/split] of budgets , that fundholders were less concerned than they might otherwise have been about the need to stay within strict cash limits , and that non-fundholders were allowed greater freedom of referral than might have been anticipated .

Proposals for resource allocation according to quality of teaching as well as research endeavour are undoubtedly overdue .
proposals for resource [division/split] according to quality of teaching as well as research endeavour are undoubtedly overdue .

When the patterns of resource allocation within these unmarried sibling households were examined , it was apparent that the brothers ' higher earnings were making a substantially greater contribution to the housekeeping , thereby creating a degree of financial dependency for their unmarried sisters which was little different to the dependency of the married women carers on their earning husbands .
when the patterns of resource [division/split] within these unmarried sibling households were examined , it was apparent that the brothers ' higher earnings were making a substantially greater contribution to the housekeeping , thereby creating a degree of financial dependency for their unmarried sisters which was little different to the dependency of the married women carers on their earning husbands .

Moreover , as with studies of resource allocation and budgeting in households containing young children ( Graham , 1987a , 1987b ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a ) , research has begun to uncover the unequal ways in which these pressures are experienced within care-giving households , with carers lowering their own standards of living in order to safeguard the needs of the person receiving care .
moreover , as with studies of resource [division/split] and budgeting in households containing young children ( graham , 1987a , 1987b ; craig and glendinning , 1990a ) , research has begun to uncover the unequal ways in which these pressures are experienced within care-giving households , with carers lowering their own standards of living in order to safeguard the needs of the person receiving care .

By 1960 widows ' pensions were available in all public sector occupations apart from teaching , though they were still relatively uncommon in the private sector which continued to rely on ‘ allocation ’ options and lump sum provision ( Government Actuary , 1958 , 1966 ) .
by 1960 widows ' pensions were available in all public sector occupations apart from teaching , though they were still relatively uncommon in the private sector which continued to rely on ‘ [division/split] ’ options and lump sum provision ( government actuary , 1958 , 1966 ) .

There are three areas of concern : policies of charging for services ; resource allocation to areas where black elders are concentrated ; and care managers who hold budgets .
there are three areas of concern : policies of charging for services ; resource [division/split] to areas where black elders are concentrated ; and care managers who hold budgets .

Resource allocation is also relevant , particularly where charging policies are formulated on a means-tested basis .
resource [division/split] is also relevant , particularly where charging policies are formulated on a means-tested basis .

Many fundholding practices are already making loud protest at the reduced funds on offer as regions move to more equitable methods of allocation based on capitation .
many fundholding practices are already making loud protest at the reduced funds on offer as regions move to more equitable methods of [division/split] based on capitation .

Information on unmet needs will be collated to inform future allocation of resources .
information on unmet needs will be collated to inform future [division/split] of resources .

Patients ' interests or resource allocation ?
patients ' interests or resource [division/split] ?

We believe that much of the confusion surrounding the current debate on allocation of resources results from a failure to distinguish between assessing need ( a technical question ) and setting priorities ( a judgmental question ) .
we believe that much of the confusion surrounding the current debate on [division/split] of resources results from a failure to distinguish between assessing need ( a technical question ) and setting priorities ( a judgmental question ) .

The general ethical approach applied to therapeutic trials , namely that there should be an approximate balance between expected benefit and possible risk to each individual in the trial ( so justifying the allocation of patients at random to a new or existing treatment ) is less relevant in certain prevention trials .
the general ethical approach applied to therapeutic trials , namely that there should be an approximate balance between expected benefit and possible risk to each individual in the trial ( so justifying the [division/split] of patients at random to a new or existing treatment ) is less relevant in certain prevention trials .

Cost effectiveness league tables have recently attracted the interest of decision makers in health care , such as those concerned with the allocation of public resources in the state of Oregon .
cost effectiveness league tables have recently attracted the interest of decision makers in health care , such as those concerned with the [division/split] of public resources in the state of oregon .

National allocation of resources to regional health authorities and by them to districts is now determined by a weighted capitation formula .
national [division/split] of resources to regional health authorities and by them to districts is now determined by a weighted capitation formula .

This paper argues that the search for an empirically based resource allocation formula of high precision in the name of promotion of equity is largely fruitless given the impossibility of measuring the true need for , and costs of , providing health care , especially with the limited data available .
this paper argues that the search for an empirically based resource [division/split] formula of high precision in the name of promotion of equity is largely fruitless given the impossibility of measuring the true need for , and costs of , providing health care , especially with the limited data available .

It is essential that the impact of resource allocation formula is justifiable on grounds other than the composition of any particular formula .
it is essential that the impact of resource [division/split] formula is justifiable on grounds other than the composition of any particular formula .

Resource allocation mechanisms are always contentious but because of reduced real growth in total funding in the current year debate over the way resources are shared between and within regions has intensified .
resource [division/split] mechanisms are always contentious but because of reduced real growth in total funding in the current year debate over the way resources are shared between and within regions has intensified .

The weighted capitation formula has been advanced not only as a mechanism for allocating national resources among the 14 regions but also for subregional allocation .
the weighted capitation formula has been advanced not only as a mechanism for allocating national resources among the 14 regions but also for subregional [division/split] .

They certainly provide no good evidence for reducing the weight given to standardised mortality ratios in the formula and there is no justification for encouraging the use of the national formula for subregional allocation .
they certainly provide no good evidence for reducing the weight given to standardised mortality ratios in the formula and there is no justification for encouraging the use of the national formula for subregional [division/split] .

There has been considerable pressure to incorporate a measure of social deprivation in resource allocation formulas , and several regions have already included some form of deprivation weighting in their subregional allocation .
there has been considerable pressure to incorporate a measure of social deprivation in resource [division/split] formulas , and several regions have already included some form of deprivation weighting in their subregional [division/split] .

However , the choice significantly affects the final geographical distribution and their use in resource allocation has been questioned .
however , the choice significantly affects the final geographical distribution and their use in resource [division/split] has been questioned .

One argument advanced for this is that it makes no sense to include mortality data in a formula for resource allocation as dead people make no use of health services .
one argument advanced for this is that it makes no sense to include mortality data in a formula for resource [division/split] as dead people make no use of health services .

However , although the availability of new and more contemporary data generates much activity , interest , and publishable analyses , it might not cast much more light on the resource allocation problem for the reasons outlined above .
however , although the availability of new and more contemporary data generates much activity , interest , and publishable analyses , it might not cast much more light on the resource [division/split] problem for the reasons outlined above .

As all cause standardised mortality ratio is highly correlated with , and so is a good proxy for , chronic sickness it is not clear how much extra information the new census question will provide for mapping the distribution of health care need useful for resource allocation .
as all cause standardised mortality ratio is highly correlated with , and so is a good proxy for , chronic sickness it is not clear how much extra information the new census question will provide for mapping the distribution of health care need useful for resource [division/split] .

However , it must be recognised that a comprehensive and accurate empirically based resource allocation formula can not be achieved .
however , it must be recognised that a comprehensive and accurate empirically based resource [division/split] formula can not be achieved .

This is because once the decision has been made to move away from incremental allocation based on historic spending the question of what merits funding is raised before issues of measurement .
this is because once the decision has been made to move away from incremental [division/split] based on historic spending the question of what merits funding is raised before issues of measurement .

As districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .
as districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource [division/split] formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .

As the use of equity based financing mechanisms reduces the degree of inequality of allocation nationally the potential benefits to be derived from developing increasingly elaborate models for allocation are likely to be small .
as the use of equity based financing mechanisms reduces the degree of inequality of [division/split] nationally the potential benefits to be derived from developing increasingly elaborate models for [division/split] are likely to be small .

The purpose of this paper has been to argue against weighting in the dark : an industry of resource allocation which is abstracted from research into and the management and delivery of health services .
the purpose of this paper has been to argue against weighting in the dark : an industry of resource [division/split] which is abstracted from research into and the management and delivery of health services .

As resource allocation is a ‘ zero sum game ’ ( that is , authorities can gain only at the expense of others ) it seems essential to be able to explain why different formulas produce different results in terms other than the composition of the formulas .
as resource [division/split] is a ‘ zero sum game ’ ( that is , authorities can gain only at the expense of others ) it seems essential to be able to explain why different formulas produce different results in terms other than the composition of the formulas .

We do see scope for research into resource allocation but believe this ought to be quite different from the common practice of the 1980s of relating census variables to utilisation rates .
we do see scope for research into resource [division/split] but believe this ought to be quite different from the common practice of the 1980s of relating census variables to utilisation rates .

The activities would demand collaborative work , role allocation and sharing .
the activities would demand collaborative work , role [division/split] and sharing .

Since then issues have revolved around the allocation of Royal Navy and Royal Fleet Auxiliary orders among the Tyne yards , Harland and Wolf in Belfast and other privatized warship yards .
since then issues have revolved around the [division/split] of royal navy and royal fleet auxiliary orders among the tyne yards , harland and wolf in belfast and other privatized warship yards .

Nor is the allocation of rewards in contemporary Britain commensurate with skill , hard work and the importance of one 's contribution to society , in the way that functionalist analyses of stratification would suggest .
nor is the [division/split] of rewards in contemporary britain commensurate with skill , hard work and the importance of one 's contribution to society , in the way that functionalist analyses of stratification would suggest .

However , a number of studies have shown that the allocation of council housing is likely to be discriminatory .
however , a number of studies have shown that the [division/split] of council housing is likely to be discriminatory .

As we have shown in employment , housing allocation and the police force , discriminatory attitudes and practices are so pervasive as to be part of the everyday , routine culture of the organizations concerned .
as we have shown in employment , housing [division/split] and the police force , discriminatory attitudes and practices are so pervasive as to be part of the everyday , routine culture of the organizations concerned .

It was a mammoth undertaking and , as work on ‘ The Daleks ’ story began to wind down , the awful truth dawned that ‘ Marco Polo ’ would not be ready in time to make its booked studio allocation .
it was a mammoth undertaking and , as work on ‘ the daleks ’ story began to wind down , the awful truth dawned that ‘ marco polo ’ would not be ready in time to make its booked studio [division/split] .

The applicants in the main proceedings observed in limine that ( a ) 36 of their 95 fishing vessels were part of the United Kingdom fleet during the period 1973 to 1978 ( the reference period for the allocation of the quotas which were introduced in January 1983 ) ; ( b ) 85 of those 95 vessels were registered and in use as British fishing vessels by January 1983 , and ( c ) of those 85 vessels , 42 had always been British flag vessels and 43 were ex-Spanish flag boats which had transferred to the British flag before 1983 .
the applicants in the main proceedings observed in limine that ( a ) 36 of their 95 fishing vessels were part of the united kingdom fleet during the period 1973 to 1978 ( the reference period for the [division/split] of the quotas which were introduced in january 1983 ) ; ( b ) 85 of those 95 vessels were registered and in use as british fishing vessels by january 1983 , and ( c ) of those 85 vessels , 42 had always been british flag vessels and 43 were ex-spanish flag boats which had transferred to the british flag before 1983 .

The hunt might demand a huge allocation of ships and personnel , but Famlio had the resources .
the hunt might demand a huge [division/split] of ships and personnel , but famlio had the resources .

Economic regeneration in the area has also been supported through the allocation of over 15 million of urban programme resource since 1979 towards schemes submitted by Cynon Valley borough council .
economic regeneration in the area has also been supported through the [division/split] of over 15 million of urban programme resource since 1979 towards schemes submitted by cynon valley borough council .

And an allocation of £800,000 has recently been made towards the cost of providing a 40-bed unit for the elderly at Aberdare general hospital .
and an [division/split] of £800,000 has recently been made towards the cost of providing a 40-bed unit for the elderly at aberdare general hospital .

1.30 : Allocation meeting .
1.30 : [division/split] meeting .

In this chapter we shall look at corporate resource allocation from the point of view of corporate strategy and industrial economics , summarizing their major contributions in this area over recent years .
in this chapter we shall look at corporate resource [division/split] from the point of view of corporate strategy and industrial economics , summarizing their major contributions in this area over recent years .

Accordingly , we would see our modelling approach as an input to corporate debates over resource allocation , not as a provider of prescriptive advice .
accordingly , we would see our modelling approach as an input to corporate debates over resource [division/split] , not as a provider of prescriptive advice .

The management of resource allocation involves giving attention to all these matters and how they affect roles at different hierarchical levels .
the management of resource [division/split] involves giving attention to all these matters and how they affect roles at different hierarchical levels .

For the year 1982–3 , the Stephen Jones working group also put together a long-term system for the allocation of the pool based on unit costing and the 1982–3 allocation of £539 million was the first one to be determined by it .
for the year 1982–3 , the stephen jones working group also put together a long-term system for the [division/split] of the pool based on unit costing and the 1982–3 [division/split] of £539 million was the first one to be determined by it .

On two evenings there were demonstration experiments , in electricity , optics , magnetism and gyroscopes , with an exhibition of photographs of the Moon ; and on the last evening was a meeting where the proceedings of the General Committee and the allocation of grants were explained to members .
on two evenings there were demonstration experiments , in electricity , optics , magnetism and gyroscopes , with an exhibition of photographs of the moon ; and on the last evening was a meeting where the proceedings of the general committee and the [division/split] of grants were explained to members .

One Treasury review ( 1985 , p. 19 ) candidly admitted , ‘ What has been achieved so far amounts to an impressive array of intermediate indicators … there are , as yet , relatively few links … between inputs and outputs which show managers how changes in resources and priorities can lead to changes in output … Performance measures still impact only slightly on resource allocation decisions ’ .
one treasury review ( 1985 , p. 19 ) candidly admitted , ‘ what has been achieved so far amounts to an impressive array of intermediate indicators … there are , as yet , relatively few links … between inputs and outputs which show managers how changes in resources and priorities can lead to changes in output … performance measures still impact only slightly on resource [division/split] decisions ’ .

As Alexander ( 1982 , p. 30 ) notes , agency agreements , superimposed ‘ on an already complicated allocation ’ of local authority functions , have added to the confusion experienced by consumers in service provision and ‘ ensured that the processes of public accountability and democratic control would be so convoluted as to raise serious doubts about their effectiveness ’ .
as alexander ( 1982 , p. 30 ) notes , agency agreements , superimposed ‘ on an already complicated [division/split] ’ of local authority functions , have added to the confusion experienced by consumers in service provision and ‘ ensured that the processes of public accountability and democratic control would be so convoluted as to raise serious doubts about their effectiveness ’ .

As in central government , the functional principle of allocation ( see Chapter 2 ) is widely used , with departments having responsibility for particular services ( education , housing , social services , and so forth ) ; however , in local government allocation by process is also quite widespread , with departments of engineers or architects , for example , providing specialist services throughout their authority .
as in central government , the functional principle of [division/split] ( see chapter 2 ) is widely used , with departments having responsibility for particular services ( education , housing , social services , and so forth ) ; however , in local government [division/split] by process is also quite widespread , with departments of engineers or architects , for example , providing specialist services throughout their authority .

Conflict would seem by definition to be incompatible with integration … In reality , however , conflict and integration are incompatible only with respect to the particular actions and intentions constitutive of the conflict , and the particular ends sought by each of the parties to the conflict … The parties to a conflict remain , moreover , parts of a single society by virtue of their acknowledgement of a common name , by their participation in certain common divisions of labour and allocation from which they can not extricate themselves except by secession , emigration or anchoritic or cenobitic withdrawal .
conflict would seem by definition to be incompatible with integration … in reality , however , conflict and integration are incompatible only with respect to the particular actions and intentions constitutive of the conflict , and the particular ends sought by each of the parties to the conflict … the parties to a conflict remain , moreover , parts of a single society by virtue of their acknowledgement of a common name , by their participation in certain common divisions of labour and [division/split] from which they can not extricate themselves except by secession , emigration or anchoritic or cenobitic withdrawal .

Perhaps , too , there is a Parkinsonian effect at work here : the standard allocation for mathematics in primary schools .
perhaps , too , there is a parkinsonian effect at work here : the standard [division/split] for mathematics in primary schools .

Figure 7.1 shows the allocation of time ( measured in teacher-days ) to each of the course themes listed earlier .
figure 7.1 shows the [division/split] of time ( measured in teacher-days ) to each of the course themes listed earlier .

During the first three years an average of well under 200 teacher-days a year were spent on English courses , a surprisingly modest allocation of time in view of the status of English as a core curriculum area .
during the first three years an average of well under 200 teacher-days a year were spent on english courses , a surprisingly modest [division/split] of time in view of the status of english as a core curriculum area .

Second , there is allocation of central funds to local authorities and the interaction between central government and local councils which provide services .
second , there is [division/split] of central funds to local authorities and the interaction between central government and local councils which provide services .

Thus , if education were promised a rise in its allocation at 2 per cent a year , this would mean a real increase in its capacity to employ teachers or build schools of 2 per cent a year .
thus , if education were promised a rise in its [division/split] at 2 per cent a year , this would mean a real increase in its capacity to employ teachers or build schools of 2 per cent a year .

In the late 1960s and early 1970s a reform movement spread , dissatisfied with the apparent arbitrariness of traditional forms of budget allocation .
in the late 1960s and early 1970s a reform movement spread , dissatisfied with the apparent arbitrariness of traditional forms of budget [division/split] .

In economic terms , resource allocation is optimal .
in economic terms , resource [division/split] is optimal .

None of these are an arguments against market allocation as such ; they merely suggest that the market 's virtues apply in a strictly limited range of circumstances .
none of these are an arguments against market [division/split] as such ; they merely suggest that the market 's virtues apply in a strictly limited range of circumstances .

Every year each region 's allocation was merely rolled forward with small additions to the previous year 's spending and extra to meet the current costs of new hospital premises .
every year each region 's [division/split] was merely rolled forward with small additions to the previous year 's spending and extra to meet the current costs of new hospital premises .

The next step was to devise a budget allocation procedure that reflected the health needs of different areas .
the next step was to devise a budget [division/split] procedure that reflected the health needs of different areas .

In future the plan is to move to a formula-based allocation .
in future the plan is to move to a formula-based [division/split] .

To begin with , Catholics objected to religious discrimination reflected in the unfair allocation of jobs , housing and industrial investment .
to begin with , catholics objected to religious discrimination reflected in the unfair [division/split] of jobs , housing and industrial investment .

On 22 November 1968 , the Prime Minister , Terence O'Neill outlined an ameliorative package of reforms which , in amongst its other measures , encouraged local authorities to devise a points system for the allocation of housing ; abolished the company vote for local elections ; and repealed parts of the Special Powers Act . However , as Farrell explains ,
on 22 november 1968 , the prime minister , terence o'neill outlined an ameliorative package of reforms which , in amongst its other measures , encouraged local authorities to devise a points system for the [division/split] of housing ; abolished the company vote for local elections ; and repealed parts of the special powers act . however , as farrell explains ,

She/he may direct a chief officer to provide mutual aid to another force and , in the event of any disagreement , determine the relative allocation of costs between an aided and aiding authority .
she/he may direct a chief officer to provide mutual aid to another force and , in the event of any disagreement , determine the relative [division/split] of costs between an aided and aiding authority .

Over the past few months there have been detailed discussions ( which are continuing ) in Brussels over the technical context and allocation of funding for the new workplan .
over the past few months there have been detailed discussions ( which are continuing ) in brussels over the technical context and [division/split] of funding for the new workplan .

From 1981 onwards , the University Grants Committee attempted to introduce a greater degree of selectivity into its allocation of funds to the universities .
from 1981 onwards , the university grants committee attempted to introduce a greater degree of selectivity into its [division/split] of funds to the universities .

Nevertheless the policy initiatives have focused on the inner cities and attention will now be directed towards the impact of Conservative policies upon the allocation and utilisation of resources in these areas .
nevertheless the policy initiatives have focused on the inner cities and attention will now be directed towards the impact of conservative policies upon the [division/split] and utilisation of resources in these areas .

The allocation of the rate support grant took account of both variations in need and variations in resources among local authorities .
the [division/split] of the rate support grant took account of both variations in need and variations in resources among local authorities .

Challis draws a distinction between geographical decentralisation and resource decentralisation where ‘ decisions over the precise allocation of resources are formally pushed to a lower level than is usual , at times to the individual field worker , to ensure more appropriate allocation of resources ’ .
challis draws a distinction between geographical decentralisation and resource decentralisation where ‘ decisions over the precise [division/split] of resources are formally pushed to a lower level than is usual , at times to the individual field worker , to ensure more appropriate [division/split] of resources ’ .

This is what is planned in the community care services , with local authorities losing some of their responsibility for provision but retaining responsibility for the allocation of resources .
this is what is planned in the community care services , with local authorities losing some of their responsibility for provision but retaining responsibility for the [division/split] of resources .

Your local health authority will then use its allocation of money to arrange the services needed .
your local health authority will then use its [division/split] of money to arrange the services needed .

Of the great settlement in the European tradition since the Congress of Vienna , only the Congress of Berlin , which effectively finalised the allocation of the world 's population to the jurisdiction of a ‘ modern ’ state , was not the end product of a ruinous war .
of the great settlement in the european tradition since the congress of vienna , only the congress of berlin , which effectively finalised the [division/split] of the world 's population to the jurisdiction of a ‘ modern ’ state , was not the end product of a ruinous war .

This was accentuated in London itself by a progressive policy of resource allocation , in which investment was gradually transferred from relatively over-provided regions to under-provided regions ( such as the Midlands and North ) ( Mohan , 1988a , 1988b ) .
this was accentuated in london itself by a progressive policy of resource [division/split] , in which investment was gradually transferred from relatively over-provided regions to under-provided regions ( such as the midlands and north ) ( mohan , 1988a , 1988b ) .

Since language courses constitute a very considerable time allocation there are inevitable human and material resource implications .
since language courses constitute a very considerable time [division/split] there are inevitable human and material resource implications .

Term 5 contains a block teaching practice , and thus the course has a programme allocation of five weeks .
term 5 contains a block teaching practice , and thus the course has a programme [division/split] of five weeks .

Inadequate timetabling , the organisation of lessons during lunchtimes and instead of normal lessons or assemblies , the allocation of unsatisfactory classrooms , the poor arrangement of furniture for learning purposes , the lack of suitable materials — all these factors tend to discourage learners of community languages , especially where they have had little influence on the choice of their subject options when a community language is involved .
inadequate timetabling , the organisation of lessons during lunchtimes and instead of normal lessons or assemblies , the [division/split] of unsatisfactory classrooms , the poor arrangement of furniture for learning purposes , the lack of suitable materials — all these factors tend to discourage learners of community languages , especially where they have had little influence on the choice of their subject options when a community language is involved .

This legislation ensured that the whole of Britain has been subject to compulsory land planning based on the application of two simple practices : the preparation ( including revision and updating ) of plans for the future allocation of land uses , and the control of development to accord with the provisions of those plans .
this legislation ensured that the whole of britain has been subject to compulsory land planning based on the application of two simple practices : the preparation ( including revision and updating ) of plans for the future [division/split] of land uses , and the control of development to accord with the provisions of those plans .

Discourse about higher education focuses on structure , finance , numbers and performance indicators : it is about means , method and systems for planning and resource allocation .
discourse about higher education focuses on structure , finance , numbers and performance indicators : it is about means , method and systems for planning and resource [division/split] .

Not only workers but supervisors too colluded to ‘ fiddle ’ earnings and work allocation in a complex piecework system .
not only workers but supervisors too colluded to ‘ fiddle ’ earnings and work [division/split] in a complex piecework system .

The need for controlled performance leads to a deliberate , ordered environment , allocation of tasks ( ie .
the need for controlled performance leads to a deliberate , ordered environment , [division/split] of tasks ( ie .

He planned the allocation of space , edited contributions , and wrote much himself , displaying powers of leadership , administration , and editorial conciliation .
he planned the [division/split] of space , edited contributions , and wrote much himself , displaying powers of leadership , administration , and editorial conciliation .

With an educational heritage created and sustained by men , and in a context in which men control the employment of teachers and the allocation of resources , the constraints are enormous .
with an educational heritage created and sustained by men , and in a context in which men control the employment of teachers and the [division/split] of resources , the constraints are enormous .

At the highest level , decisions must be made as to the allocation of resources to the different areas of crime and , indeed , can be based on quite contrary notions of policing .
at the highest level , decisions must be made as to the [division/split] of resources to the different areas of crime and , indeed , can be based on quite contrary notions of policing .

For them , international free trade and reliance on market mechanisms for resource allocation are not conducive to global prosperity , as liberals claim , but lead to increased economic inequality .
for them , international free trade and reliance on market mechanisms for resource [division/split] are not conducive to global prosperity , as liberals claim , but lead to increased economic inequality .

) Because accounting reports are used to monitor the allocation of resources in the economy , they should all be on the same basis .
) because accounting reports are used to monitor the [division/split] of resources in the economy , they should all be on the same basis .

The rationale for these groups is that taxpayers , grantors , investors , and fee-paying service recipients all provide financial resources ; employees and vendors provide labour and material resources ; the legislative bodies and management take the resource allocation decision ; and they are all under the constraints imposed by voters and oversight bodies ( which include higher-level governments ) .
the rationale for these groups is that taxpayers , grantors , investors , and fee-paying service recipients all provide financial resources ; employees and vendors provide labour and material resources ; the legislative bodies and management take the resource [division/split] decision ; and they are all under the constraints imposed by voters and oversight bodies ( which include higher-level governments ) .

To provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and allocation of resources on the achievement of operational objectives .
to provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and [division/split] of resources on the achievement of operational objectives .

Depreciation — the allocation of a proportion of the total cost to the year
depreciation — the [division/split] of a proportion of the total cost to the year

This allocation of cost is called ‘ depreciation ’ .
this [division/split] of cost is called ‘ depreciation ’ .

This standard was developed with commercial accounts in mind and it confirms the view that depreciation is a matter of allocation , not of valuation ; though in recent years it has become acceptable to allocate revalued amounts .
this standard was developed with commercial accounts in mind and it confirms the view that depreciation is a matter of [division/split] , not of valuation ; though in recent years it has become acceptable to allocate revalued amounts .

The allocation of tasks and responsibilities to individuals .
the [division/split] of tasks and responsibilities to individuals .

If Public Choice theory as a whole is based upon the concept of maximising budgets it may be the case that most officials have no control over budget allocation .
if public choice theory as a whole is based upon the concept of maximising budgets it may be the case that most officials have no control over budget [division/split] .

Instead of leaving economic decisions to the free hand of the marketplace , economic decisions were made by highly centralised states which were responsible for resource allocation and the planning of economic activities .
instead of leaving economic decisions to the free hand of the marketplace , economic decisions were made by highly centralised states which were responsible for resource [division/split] and the planning of economic activities .

This chapter examines the processes of revenue raising , allocation , spending and control .
this chapter examines the processes of revenue raising , [division/split] , spending and control .

The allocation of the increment becomes the key decision .
the [division/split] of the increment becomes the key decision .

The environment continues to present new and changing demands but these can not be satisfied by the allocation of the increment .
the environment continues to present new and changing demands but these can not be satisfied by the [division/split] of the increment .

The budgetary process focuses more clearly on the resource allocation process with more thorough scrutiny of existing commitments .
the budgetary process focuses more clearly on the resource [division/split] process with more thorough scrutiny of existing commitments .

These reforms created a service which was controlled at the top but left some regional autonomy in relation to the allocation of funding and service organisation ( see Klein , 1989 ) .
these reforms created a service which was controlled at the top but left some regional autonomy in relation to the [division/split] of funding and service organisation ( see klein , 1989 ) .

Analysis of the cause of these problems indicates that solutions lie in changes in human organization and so no attempts have been made yet to automate the allocation of rooms to classes .
analysis of the cause of these problems indicates that solutions lie in changes in human organization and so no attempts have been made yet to automate the [division/split] of rooms to classes .

The allocation of publicly funded places in long-term care is contingent upon assessment in the future .
the [division/split] of publicly funded places in long-term care is contingent upon assessment in the future .

Staff allocation to the living unit was recorded on each visit by examining duty rotas .
staff [division/split] to the living unit was recorded on each visit by examining duty rotas .

Secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .
secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource [division/split] , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .

Allocation of resources — Resourcing was a matter of concern , both the resources devoted to care programming and the way in which care programmes effectively allocate resources .
[division/split] of resources — resourcing was a matter of concern , both the resources devoted to care programming and the way in which care programmes effectively allocate resources .

First , ‘ complete lives egalitarianism ’ : this approach suggests that to decide if the allocation of resources between people is fair , we should compare the allocation of resources over the complete life .
first , ‘ complete lives egalitarianism ’ : this approach suggests that to decide if the [division/split] of resources between people is fair , we should compare the [division/split] of resources over the complete life .

Hoping no one was watching , Coleman climbed the tower 's inspection ladder to look at the frequency allocation on the antennae .
hoping no one was watching , coleman climbed the tower 's inspection ladder to look at the frequency [division/split] on the antennae .

£350 million needs to be spent by the Council by the year 2000 to ensure that it meets its statutory responsibilities — this is £165 million , or 90% more than the level of investment allocation likely to be approved by the Scottish Office in this period .
£350 million needs to be spent by the council by the year 2000 to ensure that it meets its statutory responsibilities — this is £165 million , or 90% more than the level of investment [division/split] likely to be approved by the scottish office in this period .

It is anticipated that over one hundred vehicles will be improved using the 1992/93 capital allocation .
it is anticipated that over one hundred vehicles will be improved using the 1992/93 capital [division/split] .

Obviously , such parity of status has implications for time allocation , resourcing , staff development and , in the secondary sector , an adequate supply of specialist teachers of Religious Education .
obviously , such parity of status has implications for time [division/split] , resourcing , staff development and , in the secondary sector , an adequate supply of specialist teachers of religious education .

Within the Catholic sector the existing allocation of time is essential for the current Religious Education programme .
within the catholic sector the existing [division/split] of time is essential for the current religious education programme .

There is evidence to show , however , that in many schools with small sixth forms the remainder of the curriculum and scale point allocation is disproportionately affected by them .
there is evidence to show , however , that in many schools with small sixth forms the remainder of the curriculum and scale point [division/split] is disproportionately affected by them .

The allocation and weighting of marks to each assignment .
the [division/split] and weighting of marks to each assignment .

This includes the possibility of ‘ trade-off ’ arrangements between various duties ( for which some funds have now been set aside ) , comparative financial incentives for the different kinds of teaching , and resource allocation questions related to these matters .
this includes the possibility of ‘ trade-off ’ arrangements between various duties ( for which some funds have now been set aside ) , comparative financial incentives for the different kinds of teaching , and resource [division/split] questions related to these matters .

The University has completed its own survey ( through consultants ) of the backlog of repair and maintenance of university buildings , and has reviewed the level of funding which might reasonably be put towards the backlog in addition to its customary allocation for repairs and maintenance .
the university has completed its own survey ( through consultants ) of the backlog of repair and maintenance of university buildings , and has reviewed the level of funding which might reasonably be put towards the backlog in addition to its customary [division/split] for repairs and maintenance .

An elected departmental committee also assists the head of department in the following terms as defined in the Statutes of the University : ‘ The functions of the departmental committee shall be to advise the head of department on all matters affecting the department , with particular reference to ( a ) annual estimates ; ( b ) allocation of resources and accommodation ; ( c ) junior academic appointments .
an elected departmental committee also assists the head of department in the following terms as defined in the statutes of the university : ‘ the functions of the departmental committee shall be to advise the head of department on all matters affecting the department , with particular reference to ( a ) annual estimates ; ( b ) [division/split] of resources and accommodation ; ( c ) junior academic appointments .

The precise allocation of space to the Coulson Professor , and its location , are yet to be decided .
the precise [division/split] of space to the coulson professor , and its location , are yet to be decided .

In addition , the firm should address : ( a ) practice area organisation ( departmental structure , work allocation etc . )
in addition , the firm should address : ( a ) practice area organisation ( departmental structure , work [division/split] etc . )

The strategy should guide the allocation of resources , the recruitment of lawyers , and investment in technology and other capital items .
the strategy should guide the [division/split] of resources , the recruitment of lawyers , and investment in technology and other capital items .

Implementation should focus on clear goals , specific timetables , the allocation of responsibility and the expectation of accountability .
implementation should focus on clear goals , specific timetables , the [division/split] of responsibility and the expectation of accountability .

Case allocation
case [division/split]

Cases need to be brought to a conclusion quickly within the limitation of the work type , and case allocation must be made with this in mind ; overloading is not necessarily efficient or profitable .
cases need to be brought to a conclusion quickly within the limitation of the work type , and case [division/split] must be made with this in mind ; overloading is not necessarily efficient or profitable .

Other systems in this chapter such as case allocation , case management and the experts register benefit from computerisation but it is by no means essential .
other systems in this chapter such as case [division/split] , case management and the experts register benefit from computerisation but it is by no means essential .

Memory Allocation 2.4.3.3
memory [division/split] 2.4.3.3

This releases more time within the inquiry unit allocation for the development of such information skills as note taking and , in particular , the important first step : defining a need for information .
this releases more time within the inquiry unit [division/split] for the development of such information skills as note taking and , in particular , the important first step : defining a need for information .

Other skills involved were the planning of time , the allocation of tasks , drawing up a questionnaire to be used to cover local facilities , telephoning and interviewing local licensees and decision-making in relation to the selection , organization and editing of information gathered .
other skills involved were the planning of time , the [division/split] of tasks , drawing up a questionnaire to be used to cover local facilities , telephoning and interviewing local licensees and decision-making in relation to the selection , organization and editing of information gathered .

Briefly , these are for the making of the essential survey of resources and potentialities , the allocation of land in development plans , and the control ( by means of planning permission ) of mineral workings .
briefly , these are for the making of the essential survey of resources and potentialities , the [division/split] of land in development plans , and the control ( by means of planning permission ) of mineral workings .

It is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . Uthwatt Report 1942
it is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the [division/split] of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . uthwatt report 1942

Parkes 's ( 1980 ) review of random allocation bereavement counselling studies indicated that guidance offered to such socially isolated individuals by trained professionals ( or volunteers backed by professionals ) could reduce their psychiatric risk ( see chapter 9 ) .
parkes 's ( 1980 ) review of random [division/split] bereavement counselling studies indicated that guidance offered to such socially isolated individuals by trained professionals ( or volunteers backed by professionals ) could reduce their psychiatric risk ( see chapter 9 ) .

‘ It would need a supplementary allocation .
‘ it would need a supplementary [division/split] .

some insect larvae , nematodes , stem-miners and gall-formers where the allocation patterns of plants are over-ridden .
some insect larvae , nematodes , stem-miners and gall-formers where the [division/split] patterns of plants are over-ridden .

Then the neoclassical synthesis had restored the price mechanism to its position of prominence in matters touching on the allocation and ( perhaps ) the distribution of resources .
then the neoclassical synthesis had restored the price mechanism to its position of prominence in matters touching on the [division/split] and ( perhaps ) the distribution of resources .

The value of an action shall be determined : ( 1 ) for the purposes of art 5 ( allocation for commencement ) , as at the time when the action is commenced , and ( 2 ) for the purposes of art 7 ( allocation for trial ) , as at the time when the value is declared in accordance with rules of court .
the value of an action shall be determined : ( 1 ) for the purposes of art 5 ( [division/split] for commencement ) , as at the time when the action is commenced , and ( 2 ) for the purposes of art 7 ( [division/split] for trial ) , as at the time when the value is declared in accordance with rules of court .

Allocation and commencement of proceedings
[division/split] and commencement of proceedings

1.34 Significant changes to the allocation of personal injury actions between the High Court and county courts have been introduced by the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 and the High Court and County Court Jurisdiction Order 1990 .
1.34 significant changes to the [division/split] of personal injury actions between the high court and county courts have been introduced by the courts and legal services act 1990 and the high court and county court jurisdiction order 1990 .

The new provisions on allocation of personal injury proceedings should reduce the number of actions transferred from the High Court .
the new provisions on [division/split] of personal injury proceedings should reduce the number of actions transferred from the high court .

Chapter 4 sets out , by way of contrast , an approach to the allocation of risk and reward between the parties , based on a compromise which attempts to satisfy the reasonable aspirations of both parties .
chapter 4 sets out , by way of contrast , an approach to the [division/split] of risk and reward between the parties , based on a compromise which attempts to satisfy the reasonable aspirations of both parties .

The basic period of notice should always be sufficient to allow for the firm to absorb the financial shock of a partner 's going and to make any necessary adjustments to the day to day business of the practice ( allocation of work , finding or training a successor , and so on ) .
the basic period of notice should always be sufficient to allow for the firm to absorb the financial shock of a partner 's going and to make any necessary adjustments to the day to day business of the practice ( [division/split] of work , finding or training a successor , and so on ) .

California water allocation bill signed
california water [division/split] bill signed

The allocation of structural funds in southern Europe has been criticized on numerous occasions as causing environmental damage [ see EDs 56 ; 70 ] .
the [division/split] of structural funds in southern europe has been criticized on numerous occasions as causing environmental damage [ see eds 56 ; 70 ] .

The allocation of the number of broadcasts to the parties is a somewhat contentious one .
the [division/split] of the number of broadcasts to the parties is a somewhat contentious one .

However , there would be additional seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to obtain any additional seats .
however , there would be additional seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of [division/split] being necessary to obtain any additional seats .

As well as procedures , the agreements dealt with a very wide range of substantive issues including terms of employment , health and safety , task allocation and training , and union facilities .
as well as procedures , the agreements dealt with a very wide range of substantive issues including terms of employment , health and safety , task [division/split] and training , and union facilities .

Their provisions for a number of aspects of the quality of working life were analysed and the results of the analysis are presented in Figure 2 which deals with : health and environmental standards for VDUs , rest periods for operating VDUs , machine monitoring of worker performance , extension of shiftwork , allocation of tasks , and job satisfaction .
their provisions for a number of aspects of the quality of working life were analysed and the results of the analysis are presented in figure 2 which deals with : health and environmental standards for vdus , rest periods for operating vdus , machine monitoring of worker performance , extension of shiftwork , [division/split] of tasks , and job satisfaction .

Task allocation was mentioned in over a third of agreements , its relative frequency indicating the importance of such matters to trade union activity .
task [division/split] was mentioned in over a third of agreements , its relative frequency indicating the importance of such matters to trade union activity .

However , this included a number of agreements which ceded flexibility of task allocation to management , which must be seen as a step away from union involvement in safeguarding the quality of working life .
however , this included a number of agreements which ceded flexibility of task [division/split] to management , which must be seen as a step away from union involvement in safeguarding the quality of working life .

Increased allocation of government research and industrial development funds for projects in this field ; union involvement in research allocation .
increased [division/split] of government research and industrial development funds for projects in this field ; union involvement in research [division/split] .

To optimise the allocation of available resources and thus reduce the usage of scarce resources such as energy .
to optimise the [division/split] of available resources and thus reduce the usage of scarce resources such as energy .

The priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select criteria for the allocation of available resources .
the priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select criteria for the [division/split] of available resources .

The long-standing system of allocation of grants and the consequent competition for limited resources has led to the shift to obtaining funds from other sources .
the long-standing system of [division/split] of grants and the consequent competition for limited resources has led to the shift to obtaining funds from other sources .

Finally , rather than stereotyping scientists as capitalist Frankensteins , making monsters for commercial gain , a more constructive approach would be to consider how the allocation of resources can be altered to meet the needs of the public majority rather than those of a minority in power .
finally , rather than stereotyping scientists as capitalist frankensteins , making monsters for commercial gain , a more constructive approach would be to consider how the [division/split] of resources can be altered to meet the needs of the public majority rather than those of a minority in power .

Thus , to put the point at its mildest , it is by no means clear that the general abolition of competition is desirable , that the alternative of centrally planned provision and allocation will offer a more sensitive and efficient response to consumers ' demands and wishes , or a better means of deploying resources .
thus , to put the point at its mildest , it is by no means clear that the general abolition of competition is desirable , that the alternative of centrally planned provision and [division/split] will offer a more sensitive and efficient response to consumers ' demands and wishes , or a better means of deploying resources .

Further , the allocation of resources outside the jurisdiction of any State , for example in Antarctica and seabed areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction , is a matter of concern for all States and peoples .
further , the [division/split] of resources outside the jurisdiction of any state , for example in antarctica and seabed areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction , is a matter of concern for all states and peoples .

Thirdly , the expansion of subject matters of legitimate international concern to include , inter alia , economic development , environmental and conservation interests , the regulation of the allocation of resources , and human rights all weigh against a strictly bilateral framework .
thirdly , the expansion of subject matters of legitimate international concern to include , inter alia , economic development , environmental and conservation interests , the regulation of the [division/split] of resources , and human rights all weigh against a strictly bilateral framework .

On one level all treaties and other international transactions affect strangers to the transaction , which must respect the allocation of values between the parties .
on one level all treaties and other international transactions affect strangers to the transaction , which must respect the [division/split] of values between the parties .

An example was the stance taken by non-parties to the Antarctic Treaty358 throughout the 1980s who asserted , inter alia , that the Treaty should be amended to take account of developments elsewhere in international law with respect to the equitable allocation of resources .
an example was the stance taken by non-parties to the antarctic treaty358 throughout the 1980s who asserted , inter alia , that the treaty should be amended to take account of developments elsewhere in international law with respect to the equitable [division/split] of resources .

Dr Postlethwait pioneered the influential `` audio-tutorial `` method of teaching freshman botany , stimulated by finding himself faced with the task of teaching freshman botany to some 500 and more new students every semester and with a timetable allocation of three weekly hours of lecture or lab time .
dr postlethwait pioneered the influential `` audio-tutorial `` method of teaching freshman botany , stimulated by finding himself faced with the task of teaching freshman botany to some 500 and more new students every semester and with a timetable [division/split] of three weekly hours of lecture or lab time .

Organizing resources : six case studies was a research report into specific aspects of resource centre organization and so concentrated on matters such as indexing and the allocation of funds .
organizing resources : six case studies was a research report into specific aspects of resource centre organization and so concentrated on matters such as indexing and the [division/split] of funds .

There is no one answer applicable to all schools , but systematic analysis in each institution may sometimes yield answers helpful to overall planning of accommodation allocation .
there is no one answer applicable to all schools , but systematic analysis in each institution may sometimes yield answers helpful to overall planning of accommodation [division/split] .

Views about the proper role and function of judicial remedies to control government activity are inevitably political in nature in the sense that they concern the allocation of decision-making power in society .
views about the proper role and function of judicial remedies to control government activity are inevitably political in nature in the sense that they concern the [division/split] of decision-making power in society .

finding ways to acquire and set up sustainable and free media institutions , and requesting , as a right , allocation of adequate air time on government controlled radio and television media . Existing media programmes , projects and facilities of churches , including the use of airtime on state media , should move away from simply being an extension of catechism classes or a restaging of normal Sunday worship , to address human rights , development , and other socio-economic issues ;
finding ways to acquire and set up sustainable and free media institutions , and requesting , as a right , [division/split] of adequate air time on government controlled radio and television media . existing media programmes , projects and facilities of churches , including the use of airtime on state media , should move away from simply being an extension of catechism classes or a restaging of normal sunday worship , to address human rights , development , and other socio-economic issues ;

Private ownership is also justified because by permitting individual property owners to pursue their own self-interest in a competitive market it is argued that we achieve an optimal allocation of society 's resources .
private ownership is also justified because by permitting individual property owners to pursue their own self-interest in a competitive market it is argued that we achieve an optimal [division/split] of society 's resources .

Nor could it be argued that private property ensured an efficient allocation of resources since the market no longer resembled the model of perfect competition .
nor could it be argued that private property ensured an efficient [division/split] of resources since the market no longer resembled the model of perfect competition .

In other words one of the traditional defences of private property which states that an optimal allocation of resources results from owners ( who it is assumed control their property ) pursuing their own self-interest could be invoked to justify insisting that the company was run in the interests of the shareholders alone .
in other words one of the traditional defences of private property which states that an optimal [division/split] of resources results from owners ( who it is assumed control their property ) pursuing their own self-interest could be invoked to justify insisting that the company was run in the interests of the shareholders alone .

The economic world in which the family has its being is not just the market , for it is also affected by state allocation of the benefits and burdens of citizenship according to its own criteria .
the economic world in which the family has its being is not just the market , for it is also affected by state [division/split] of the benefits and burdens of citizenship according to its own criteria .

Having said that , the Arts Council proposes a number of significant shifts in the allocation of funds , in which the trend is to move away from income-support schemes for artists towards what the Council has vaguely described as ‘ upgrading quality ’ .
having said that , the arts council proposes a number of significant shifts in the [division/split] of funds , in which the trend is to move away from income-support schemes for artists towards what the council has vaguely described as ‘ upgrading quality ’ .

First it solves the problem of the efficient industry cost structure — the allocation of production within the industry in such a way that the desired output is produced at minimum cost .
first it solves the problem of the efficient industry cost structure — the [division/split] of production within the industry in such a way that the desired output is produced at minimum cost .

As Spence ( 1975 ) says , `` the firm , in large part , consists of non-market institutions whose function is to deal with resource allocation in the presence of informational constraints that markets handle poorly or do not handle at all `` ( p. 164 ) .
as spence ( 1975 ) says , `` the firm , in large part , consists of non-market institutions whose function is to deal with resource [division/split] in the presence of informational constraints that markets handle poorly or do not handle at all `` ( p. 164 ) .

Severn-Trent Water Authority ) , allocation of new cost and profit centres ( e.g .
severn-trent water authority ) , [division/split] of new cost and profit centres ( e.g .

One further important aspect of the overlap process is the role of weak overlap in the allocation of scores .
one further important aspect of the overlap process is the role of weak overlap in the [division/split] of scores .

Furthermore , if outside agencies — such as courts or social workers decide that socialization has in some way been inadequate , it is to the family that they are most likely to turn in the allocation of blame or responsibility .
furthermore , if outside agencies — such as courts or social workers decide that socialization has in some way been inadequate , it is to the family that they are most likely to turn in the [division/split] of blame or responsibility .

Of course , family allowances , tax benefits and preferential housing allocation are all designed to ease the cost of dependent children .
of course , family allowances , tax benefits and preferential housing [division/split] are all designed to ease the cost of dependent children .

Thus , if the allocation of risks under the Sale of Goods Act is uncertain , the contract can provide for foreseeable contingencies .
thus , if the [division/split] of risks under the sale of goods act is uncertain , the contract can provide for foreseeable contingencies .

Once confirmed , transactions are automatically passed to Midland for allocation of funds to the relevant accounts .
once confirmed , transactions are automatically passed to midland for [division/split] of funds to the relevant accounts .

Unit Trusts are becoming an increasingly popular form of investment and as a High Interest Cheque Account holder you are entitled to a 1 % bonus allocation when you make a lump sum purchase of £500 or more of Midland Unit Trusts .
unit trusts are becoming an increasingly popular form of investment and as a high interest cheque account holder you are entitled to a 1 % bonus [division/split] when you make a lump sum purchase of £500 or more of midland unit trusts .

The routine at Aubagne was the same every day ; we got up at 4.30 am , washed , shaved and paraded outside before a breakfast of coffee and bread in the main cookhouse ; then we cleaned the barrack rooms for an hour and paraded again at 7.30 am for the allocation of the day 's duties .
the routine at aubagne was the same every day ; we got up at 4.30 am , washed , shaved and paraded outside before a breakfast of coffee and bread in the main cookhouse ; then we cleaned the barrack rooms for an hour and paraded again at 7.30 am for the [division/split] of the day 's duties .

For Conservative governments as much as for Labour , it was far more common that the inadequacy of resources for allocation to programmes with limited political appeal , in competition with spending programmes by other departments holding out more evident social or financial benefits , set the limits on what could be done .
for conservative governments as much as for labour , it was far more common that the inadequacy of resources for [division/split] to programmes with limited political appeal , in competition with spending programmes by other departments holding out more evident social or financial benefits , set the limits on what could be done .

Starting from near laissez-faire during the 1950s , when the main action of government was allocation of scarce dollars among importers , policy shifted during the 1960s to heavy subsidisation and limited regulation of key local enterprises ( the chaebol ) , plus policies of excluding most foreigners .
starting from near laissez-faire during the 1950s , when the main action of government was [division/split] of scarce dollars among importers , policy shifted during the 1960s to heavy subsidisation and limited regulation of key local enterprises ( the chaebol ) , plus policies of excluding most foreigners .

The Foreign Exchange Allocation Committee operated on a case-by-case basis .
the foreign exchange [division/split] committee operated on a case-by-case basis .

Credit allocation
credit [division/split]

They have not enjoyed the second , nor have they set out to use credit allocation mechanisms as a means of promoting sectoral competition .
they have not enjoyed the second , nor have they set out to use credit [division/split] mechanisms as a means of promoting sectoral competition .

The industrial equivalent of fiddling while Rome burns is to spend hours of internal management time arguing about the allocation of costs between departments or divisions , when the real problem is that the whole cost of the operation is too high .
the industrial equivalent of fiddling while rome burns is to spend hours of internal management time arguing about the [division/split] of costs between departments or divisions , when the real problem is that the whole cost of the operation is too high .

Organisation means the arrangement of staff and the allocation of their duties and responsibilities so that the whole establishment functions as one unit .
organisation means the arrangement of staff and the [division/split] of their duties and responsibilities so that the whole establishment functions as one unit .

The head porter is responsible for the supervision and allocation of duties to all the uniformed staff , works in close liaison with the reception office , and usually keeps a log book recording all the various happenings and events during the day .
the head porter is responsible for the supervision and [division/split] of duties to all the uniformed staff , works in close liaison with the reception office , and usually keeps a log book recording all the various happenings and events during the day .

room allocation ;
room [division/split] ;

Room allocation
room [division/split]

The allocation of rooms so that the hotel achieves the maximum occupancy is a task that requires skill and experience .
the [division/split] of rooms so that the hotel achieves the maximum occupancy is a task that requires skill and experience .

Many large business houses have a regular room allocation with hotels which can be placed on release after a certain time lapse if not required .
many large business houses have a regular room [division/split] with hotels which can be placed on release after a certain time lapse if not required .

‘ Not clinically indicated ’ : patients ' interests or resource allocation ?
‘ not clinically indicated ’ : patients ' interests or resource [division/split] ?

These issues are discussed with reference to cardiac surgery in elderly patients with reference to the main theories of allocation : QALYs , needs theories , the sanctity of life theory , the lottery theory , and market forces .
these issues are discussed with reference to cardiac surgery in elderly patients with reference to the main theories of [division/split] : qalys , needs theories , the sanctity of life theory , the lottery theory , and market forces .

The second is that it is not the right allocation of available resources to use them for this patient .
the second is that it is not the right [division/split] of available resources to use them for this patient .

Carrying out surgery on an old person is the wrong allocation of resources
carrying out surgery on an old person is the wrong [division/split] of resources

But what ethical principles should guide the allocation of resources ?
but what ethical principles should guide the [division/split] of resources ?

We shall briefly discuss some of the main theories of allocation that have been suggested and examine their implications for elderly people with aortic stenosis .
we shall briefly discuss some of the main theories of [division/split] that have been suggested and examine their implications for elderly people with aortic stenosis .

Quality adjusted life years ( QALYs ) form the core of the most thoroughly articulated theory of allocation in health care .
quality adjusted life years ( qalys ) form the core of the most thoroughly articulated theory of [division/split] in health care .

It follows from this that younger people will normally take preference over older people in the allocation of resources that would postpone death .
it follows from this that younger people will normally take preference over older people in the [division/split] of resources that would postpone death .

However , formal induction procedures and the allocation of a job to perform can structure the signals a great deal more rigidly .
however , formal induction procedures and the [division/split] of a job to perform can structure the signals a great deal more rigidly .

Professionals rely on expert knowledge and professional codes of behaviour ; administrators rely on controlling resources including the allocation of funds , support staff and facilities plus intangibles like perks , official titles , access to decision-makers .
professionals rely on expert knowledge and professional codes of behaviour ; administrators rely on controlling resources including the [division/split] of funds , support staff and facilities plus intangibles like perks , official titles , access to decision-makers .

Just as groups depend on the allocation of roles ( and power ) , so they depend also on the consequences of power — conflict/cooperation , trust/ mistrust , etc .
just as groups depend on the [division/split] of roles ( and power ) , so they depend also on the consequences of power — conflict/cooperation , trust/ mistrust , etc .

The allocation runs counter to the recommendations of a report last year that asked for greater spending on universities ( see Nature 356 , 9 : 1992 ) .
the [division/split] runs counter to the recommendations of a report last year that asked for greater spending on universities ( see nature 356 , 9 : 1992 ) .

New ventures that embody a high degree of risk , for example in high technology areas , are often undertaken by newly formed companies financed by the allocation of stock to group members .
new ventures that embody a high degree of risk , for example in high technology areas , are often undertaken by newly formed companies financed by the [division/split] of stock to group members .

The ability to alter dividends is said to give companies more freedom relative to the external dependence on banks who may impose unilateral changes in interest rates or loan allocation .
the ability to alter dividends is said to give companies more freedom relative to the external dependence on banks who may impose unilateral changes in interest rates or loan [division/split] .

Here also banks play a crucial role in advising on the scale or timing of issues but perhaps even more important in the Japanese context , in assisting the allocation of shares .
here also banks play a crucial role in advising on the scale or timing of issues but perhaps even more important in the japanese context , in assisting the [division/split] of shares .

Direct participation by the state in the allocation of savings to industry has been important in both qualitative and quantitative senses .
direct participation by the state in the [division/split] of savings to industry has been important in both qualitative and quantitative senses .

Regular workers appear to cooperate much more with management over changes in work practices , job allocation , retraining or transfers to related companies .
regular workers appear to cooperate much more with management over changes in work practices , job [division/split] , retraining or transfers to related companies .

The allocation of labour to these segments is of course partly predetermined by gender , but recruitment to firms of different sizes is based mainly on educational credentials .
the [division/split] of labour to these segments is of course partly predetermined by gender , but recruitment to firms of different sizes is based mainly on educational credentials .

facilities to allow the system manager to control access to the system and the allocation of resources to users .
facilities to allow the system manager to control access to the system and the [division/split] of resources to users .

Allocation of Resources
[division/split] of resources

The system should provide facilities to control the allocation of resources to users .
the system should provide facilities to control the [division/split] of resources to users .

The system manager should be able to set limits on disk space allocation and printer usage for each user of the system .
the system manager should be able to set limits on disk space [division/split] and printer usage for each user of the system .

As a user requires an additional allocation of a resource the system manager should be able to authorize this and inform the system of the new limits .
as a user requires an additional [division/split] of a resource the system manager should be able to authorize this and inform the system of the new limits .

Leaving aside considerations of compatibility with other computers , in what ways could the allocation of binary patterns to graphic symbols simplify the processing of character strings ?
leaving aside considerations of compatibility with other computers , in what ways could the [division/split] of binary patterns to graphic symbols simplify the processing of character strings ?

The allocation of operation code bit patterns to particular instructions may be arbitrary , within any constraints set by the use of variable length operation code fields .
the [division/split] of operation code bit patterns to particular instructions may be arbitrary , within any constraints set by the use of variable length operation code fields .

Let us now consider the requirements of a multiprogramming system , where we have a number of programs occupying main storage and competing for an allocation of time on the processor .
let us now consider the requirements of a multiprogramming system , where we have a number of programs occupying main storage and competing for an [division/split] of time on the processor .

Some computers provide several so-called processor modes , distinguished by the allocation of a separate accumulator set to each mode ; one mode ( the problem mode ) is further distinguished by having privileged instructions disabled , while the others are all supervisor modes entered under different interrupt conditions .
some computers provide several so-called processor modes , distinguished by the [division/split] of a separate accumulator set to each mode ; one mode ( the problem mode ) is further distinguished by having privileged instructions disabled , while the others are all supervisor modes entered under different interrupt conditions .

How many different instructions can be specified under each of the allocation schemes ? Why might a computer designer choose the first scheme ?
how many different instructions can be specified under each of the [division/split] schemes ? why might a computer designer choose the first scheme ?

The test would need to be constructed so that a range of marks is produced , for a narrow band of scores would not discriminate sufficiently to facilitate the allocation of pupils .
the test would need to be constructed so that a range of marks is produced , for a narrow band of scores would not discriminate sufficiently to facilitate the [division/split] of pupils .

Decisions on allocation do not usually depend solely upon the pupil 's attainment in school but often take account of such factors as pupil motivation and behaviour .
decisions on [division/split] do not usually depend solely upon the pupil 's attainment in school but often take account of such factors as pupil motivation and behaviour .

No clear principles determine the allocation of disputes to these bodies although the greater the element of discretion and the more important the policy considerations , the less likely it is for the courts to take on the new area of responsibility .
no clear principles determine the [division/split] of disputes to these bodies although the greater the element of discretion and the more important the policy considerations , the less likely it is for the courts to take on the new area of responsibility .

Eight Major and eight Minor Project schools were selected in 1981/82 and in 1984/85 , and 15 Major and 16 Minor in 1982/84 ( an allocation for two years being administered in 1982 ) .
eight major and eight minor project schools were selected in 1981/82 and in 1984/85 , and 15 major and 16 minor in 1982/84 ( an [division/split] for two years being administered in 1982 ) .

Where a limited amount of money is available for allocation amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others excluded .
where a limited amount of money is available for [division/split] amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others excluded .

From comments made , it seems that the allocation of such a large figure to the last heading was justified by the importance given to the topic approach , emphasised by submissions of the basic studies and history departments appended to the proposal .
from comments made , it seems that the [division/split] of such a large figure to the last heading was justified by the importance given to the topic approach , emphasised by submissions of the basic studies and history departments appended to the proposal .

It would appear that edited departmental lists only accounted for £800 or so of the total allocation .
it would appear that edited departmental lists only accounted for £800 or so of the total [division/split] .

This amount of effort will require the allocation of finance with a high priority in operational plans .
this amount of effort will require the [division/split] of finance with a high priority in operational plans .

Does the allocation plan ensure that learners ' holidays are known well in advance ?
does the [division/split] plan ensure that learners ' holidays are known well in advance ?

An allocation plan should be given to each student at the commencement of training , setting out the holiday periods .
an [division/split] plan should be given to each student at the commencement of training , setting out the holiday periods .

At the commencement of training , each trainee should be provided with a training plan which includes details of holiday allocation .
at the commencement of training , each trainee should be provided with a training plan which includes details of holiday [division/split] .

Routine , or maintenance , decisions are often , for example , taken at unit level , where present manpower allocation to wards is based on tradition .
routine , or maintenance , decisions are often , for example , taken at unit level , where present manpower [division/split] to wards is based on tradition .

They are also evident at ward level in work allocation and rostering of staff off-duty .
they are also evident at ward level in work [division/split] and rostering of staff off-duty .

Additions to the Health Authority 's financial allocation and changes in services should be utilised to redress the balance , through the annual planning cycle .
additions to the health authority 's financial [division/split] and changes in services should be utilised to redress the balance , through the annual planning cycle .

Have steps been taken to assess the impact of educational events and learner allocation on the availability of manpower ?
have steps been taken to assess the impact of educational events and learner [division/split] on the availability of manpower ?

Following the receipt of requests from staff and the allocation of leave as a result , will there be an optimum spread of staff available throughout the year ?
following the receipt of requests from staff and the [division/split] of leave as a result , will there be an optimum spread of staff available throughout the year ?

As a prerequisite to leave allocation , events likely to have a bearing on workload and staff availability must be identified .
as a prerequisite to leave [division/split] , events likely to have a bearing on workload and staff availability must be identified .

d ) Will the allocation of learners to patient areas fluctuate and , if so , when ?
d ) will the [division/split] of learners to patient areas fluctuate and , if so , when ?

In the main , the allocation of duties to staff at ward level is one aspect of staff deployment which is carried out effectively .
in the main , the [division/split] of duties to staff at ward level is one aspect of staff deployment which is carried out effectively .

One result of devolving off-duty allocation to ward level may be arrangements which take too much account of staff interests .
one result of devolving off-duty [division/split] to ward level may be arrangements which take too much account of staff interests .

The cumulative effects of off-duty allocation on the whole unit should be identified so that contingency plans to meet unexpected staff shortfall can be formulated .
the cumulative effects of off-duty [division/split] on the whole unit should be identified so that contingency plans to meet unexpected staff shortfall can be formulated .

Is the allocation officer aware of the service needs of each patient area which is to be taken into account when devising the plan of allocation ?
is the [division/split] officer aware of the service needs of each patient area which is to be taken into account when devising the plan of [division/split] ?

The closest cooperation between the allocation officers and each unit manager is essential both in devising the plan and in the scheduling of holidays .
the closest cooperation between the [division/split] officers and each unit manager is essential both in devising the plan and in the scheduling of holidays .

The unit manager should participate in devising the systems of allocation and annual leave and should utilise the completed schedules as a basis for planning the deployment of his own service staff .
the unit manager should participate in devising the systems of [division/split] and annual leave and should utilise the completed schedules as a basis for planning the deployment of his own service staff .

The manager should discuss with the allocation officer the detailed plans of allocation and holidays for nurses in training .
the manager should discuss with the [division/split] officer the detailed plans of [division/split] and holidays for nurses in training .

The allocation of annual leave to nurses should take account of the intentions of senior medical staff .
the [division/split] of annual leave to nurses should take account of the intentions of senior medical staff .

The manager should discuss the proposals for the coming year 's maintenance programme before the allocation of annual leave to nurses .
the manager should discuss the proposals for the coming year 's maintenance programme before the [division/split] of annual leave to nurses .

The allocation of public authority housing produced a ‘ patently sectarian decision ’ which ‘ ignited the powder-keg ’ ( Roche 1982:290 ) .
the [division/split] of public authority housing produced a ‘ patently sectarian decision ’ which ‘ ignited the powder-keg ’ ( roche 1982:290 ) .

We shall look in turn at the background to the allocation of the present services , the criteria adopted for the distribution of services during the reorganisation years in the early 1970s , the present position , and the problems that have arisen since reorganisation .
we shall look in turn at the background to the [division/split] of the present services , the criteria adopted for the distribution of services during the reorganisation years in the early 1970s , the present position , and the problems that have arisen since reorganisation .

The basis for the allocation of services both in the various reports and in the subsequent legislation was the size of population accepted as necessary for effective administration .
the basis for the [division/split] of services both in the various reports and in the subsequent legislation was the size of population accepted as necessary for effective administration .

Of course , no government operates with a clean sheet : the allocation of responsibilities between the various agencies of the state can not always be changed easily or quickly .
of course , no government operates with a clean sheet : the [division/split] of responsibilities between the various agencies of the state can not always be changed easily or quickly .

The allocation of services within a multi-tiered system of local government adds another dimension to the complexity .
the [division/split] of services within a multi-tiered system of local government adds another dimension to the complexity .

Local authorities are directly responsible for providing services in a way that central government frequently avoids by the allocation of responsibility to other governmental agencies .
local authorities are directly responsible for providing services in a way that central government frequently avoids by the [division/split] of responsibility to other governmental agencies .

The underlying ethos of the allocation of such status is that those who are most pure — the Brahmin or priest caste are superior to all others , whilst those who are least pure sometimes called the untouchables — are inferior to all other castes .
the underlying ethos of the [division/split] of such status is that those who are most pure — the brahmin or priest caste are superior to all others , whilst those who are least pure sometimes called the untouchables — are inferior to all other castes .

If the answer was that American global strategy required an allocation of priorities in geographical terms could south Korea be abandoned in favour of a stand being made in Japan or elsewhere ?
if the answer was that american global strategy required an [division/split] of priorities in geographical terms could south korea be abandoned in favour of a stand being made in japan or elsewhere ?

Some urban estates , partly as a result of allocation policies , are effectively one-class areas with few examples of success , clearly labelled by their architecture and appearance is distinct from the rest of society .
some urban estates , partly as a result of [division/split] policies , are effectively one-class areas with few examples of success , clearly labelled by their architecture and appearance is distinct from the rest of society .

Any possibility of excessive delay could be met by the English court fixing a date for trial ; and it could control the allocation of costs .
any possibility of excessive delay could be met by the english court fixing a date for trial ; and it could control the [division/split] of costs .

This was followed last week by a second letter giving more precise details of the make-up of the allocation .
this was followed last week by a second letter giving more precise details of the make-up of the [division/split] .

At an economic level , when a conflict of interest situation is abused the tendency is for that abuse to distort the efficient allocation of ( scarce ) resources within the economy .
at an economic level , when a conflict of interest situation is abused the tendency is for that abuse to distort the efficient [division/split] of ( scarce ) resources within the economy .

It is proposed to focus on insider dealing within financial conglomerates because of the probable extent of such trading , that is , the degree to which insider dealing probably occurs ; the damage it causes , both economically ( through the disruption of the efficient allocation of scarce economic resources ) , and socially ( through losses in public confidence in the operation of the financial markets ) ; and finally , the problem of detection ( self-evident from the low levels of prosecutions over recent years ) .
it is proposed to focus on insider dealing within financial conglomerates because of the probable extent of such trading , that is , the degree to which insider dealing probably occurs ; the damage it causes , both economically ( through the disruption of the efficient [division/split] of scarce economic resources ) , and socially ( through losses in public confidence in the operation of the financial markets ) ; and finally , the problem of detection ( self-evident from the low levels of prosecutions over recent years ) .

They contend that the allocation of valuable property rights in information would be better left to private contractual negotiations rather than formal law .
they contend that the [division/split] of valuable property rights in information would be better left to private contractual negotiations rather than formal law .

It is often said that unfettered insider dealing does not hurt shareholders ; that insiders ' profits are not outsiders ' losses , but rather evidence of a more efficient allocation of resources ; Just because an investor does not make as much money on the sale of his shares as he would otherwise have done , does not make him a victim in the true sense , as nothing has been stolen from him .
it is often said that unfettered insider dealing does not hurt shareholders ; that insiders ' profits are not outsiders ' losses , but rather evidence of a more efficient [division/split] of resources ; just because an investor does not make as much money on the sale of his shares as he would otherwise have done , does not make him a victim in the true sense , as nothing has been stolen from him .

The authorities declared their intention of relying more on interest rate changes as a means of regulating both the direction ( allocation ) and volume of credit available .
the authorities declared their intention of relying more on interest rate changes as a means of regulating both the direction ( [division/split] ) and volume of credit available .

There is an increasing amount of empirical work being done on the allocation of resources within marriage ; in this country Jan Pahl ( 1980 , 1983 ) and Anne Gray ( 1979 ) have concentrated particularly on the distribution of household income between marriage partners .
there is an increasing amount of empirical work being done on the [division/split] of resources within marriage ; in this country jan pahl ( 1980 , 1983 ) and anne gray ( 1979 ) have concentrated particularly on the distribution of household income between marriage partners .

The other basis of housing allocation to single-parent families is the housing waiting-lists .
the other basis of housing [division/split] to single-parent families is the housing waiting-lists .

Further , as Byrne ( 1975 ) has shown , the allocation of resources in secondary schools quickly took on a pattern which favoured boys rather than girls , with limited provision of science and technical subject facilities in mixed schools , and minimal provision of these in girls schools .
further , as byrne ( 1975 ) has shown , the [division/split] of resources in secondary schools quickly took on a pattern which favoured boys rather than girls , with limited provision of science and technical subject facilities in mixed schools , and minimal provision of these in girls schools .

Their suspicions were fuelled when the ward allocation book , which denotes which nurse is allocated to which patient , disappeared .
their suspicions were fuelled when the ward [division/split] book , which denotes which nurse is allocated to which patient , disappeared .

More and more women are going it alone , and men are rendered homeless by housing allocation policies which do not account for the needs of the single and childless .
more and more women are going it alone , and men are rendered homeless by housing [division/split] policies which do not account for the needs of the single and childless .

Densely populated estates , centralised housing management and scarce allocation of resources to public space equals wastelands .
densely populated estates , centralised housing management and scarce [division/split] of resources to public space equals wastelands .

The work of actuaries in investment has been rapidly expanding over recent years in the following areas : financial measurement and control ; capital management and corporate risk ; strategic and tactical asset allocation ; systematic stock selection ; stochastic investment models and performance measurement .
the work of actuaries in investment has been rapidly expanding over recent years in the following areas : financial measurement and control ; capital management and corporate risk ; strategic and tactical asset [division/split] ; systematic stock selection ; stochastic investment models and performance measurement .

Allocation of systems verifiers to centres is along geographic lines .
[division/split] of systems verifiers to centres is along geographic lines .

Those that have caused concern include the balance of the distribution of the surplus between employer and members , unexplained anomalies in allocation between different member categories , lack of independent advice to trustees or consultation with members , inaccurate or misleading information given to members , and the apparent failure of trustees to consider all options available to use the surplus .
those that have caused concern include the balance of the distribution of the surplus between employer and members , unexplained anomalies in [division/split] between different member categories , lack of independent advice to trustees or consultation with members , inaccurate or misleading information given to members , and the apparent failure of trustees to consider all options available to use the surplus .

Department heads wield budgets with entrepreneurial aplomb , buying units of teaching time from other departments or , as seems likely soon , creating a market to buy and sell slots in a timetable of lecture room space to ensure their efficient allocation .
department heads wield budgets with entrepreneurial aplomb , buying units of teaching time from other departments or , as seems likely soon , creating a market to buy and sell slots in a timetable of lecture room space to ensure their efficient [division/split] .

The chute will be replaced but the swings must wait for a future allocation of money .
the chute will be replaced but the swings must wait for a future [division/split] of money .

The attached plan shows an indicative layout , although we hope to be able to introduce flexibility into the allocation of plots in order to accommodate individual requirements .
the attached plan shows an indicative layout , although we hope to be able to introduce flexibility into the [division/split] of plots in order to accommodate individual requirements .

Please , first , advise me how you were in a position to recommend the allocation and development of housing at Colt Hill without first consulting the Regional Council on a proposal which is inconsistent with approved Structure Plan policy .
please , first , advise me how you were in a position to recommend the [division/split] and development of housing at colt hill without first consulting the regional council on a proposal which is inconsistent with approved structure plan policy .

He wants his allocation upped , too .
he wants his [division/split] upped , too .

He wants a larger allocation in any case .
he wants a larger [division/split] in any case .

What you 'll have to do is to ask for your allocation to be increased .
what you 'll have to do is to ask for your [division/split] to be increased .

There 's an across-the-board freeze on any increases in allocation until the levy business is settled .
there 's an across-the-board freeze on any increases in [division/split] until the levy business is settled .

You wo n't get any increase this year , but if you put in a good bid now you might get your allocation upped for next year .
you wo n't get any increase this year , but if you put in a good bid now you might get your [division/split] upped for next year .

Even if he survived the present crisis with its unusually heavy demands on resources , there were still a few weeks to go before he received his allocation for the next year .
even if he survived the present crisis with its unusually heavy demands on resources , there were still a few weeks to go before he received his [division/split] for the next year .

What appears to be distortion in the allocation of power between different parts of the state apparatus ( e.g .
what appears to be distortion in the [division/split] of power between different parts of the state apparatus ( e.g .

The bureaucracy is more analogous to groupings found in traditional societies , such as estates , than to class , with the fusion of economy and politics ; the authoritative allocation of positions in a hierarchy of ranks ; and the specification by rules of the duties and privileges corresponding to rank .
the bureaucracy is more analogous to groupings found in traditional societies , such as estates , than to class , with the fusion of economy and politics ; the authoritative [division/split] of positions in a hierarchy of ranks ; and the specification by rules of the duties and privileges corresponding to rank .

Normative power rests on the allocation and manipulations of esteem , prestige , peer-group recognition — in other words , of symbolic rewards .
normative power rests on the [division/split] and manipulations of esteem , prestige , peer-group recognition — in other words , of symbolic rewards .

The random assignment of legislators to review committees , the random allocation of review responsibilities among committees and the use of non-specialized review committees should all reduce the influence of high-demand groups in the budget review process .
the random assignment of legislators to review committees , the random [division/split] of review responsibilities among committees and the use of non-specialized review committees should all reduce the influence of high-demand groups in the budget review process .

Breton and Wintrobe conclude that ‘ the analysis of resource allocation in the public sector in terms of the alleged preference of bureau chiefs for larger budgets or non-pecuniary rewards , and of public sector growth in terms of bureaucratic monopoly , is entirely misplaced ’ ( 1982 , p. 97 ) .
breton and wintrobe conclude that ‘ the analysis of resource [division/split] in the public sector in terms of the alleged preference of bureau chiefs for larger budgets or non-pecuniary rewards , and of public sector growth in terms of bureaucratic monopoly , is entirely misplaced ’ ( 1982 , p. 97 ) .

Randomisation was done with a table of random numbers , the allocation codes were introduced in two series of sealed envelopes according to stratification class .
randomisation was done with a table of random numbers , the [division/split] codes were introduced in two series of sealed envelopes according to stratification class .

Any other allocation , e.g .
any other [division/split] , e.g .

If you are truly uncertain about the marginal utility schedules and attach a 0.5 probability to the gain and the loss , expected utility is maximized by the equal allocation , because half of 839–10 clearly exceeds half of 3456 .
if you are truly uncertain about the marginal utility schedules and attach a 0.5 probability to the gain and the loss , expected utility is maximized by the equal [division/split] , because half of 839–10 clearly exceeds half of 3456 .

The drawback with equal partial allocation is that it presents a rather arbitrary account of events .
the drawback with equal partial [division/split] is that it presents a rather arbitrary account of events .

Any accurate allocation involves the knowledge of the supply and demand elasticities that drive the welfare cost calculation formulas ( see chapter 7 ) .
any accurate [division/split] involves the knowledge of the supply and demand elasticities that drive the welfare cost calculation formulas ( see chapter 7 ) .

Given this view of market allocation , there is no incentive to ‘ respect ’ the market and intervention is fully justified .
given this view of market [division/split] , there is no incentive to ‘ respect ’ the market and intervention is fully justified .

The allocation of media units to handlers is time-dependent .
the [division/split] of media units to handlers is time-dependent .

For more detailed information about the allocation of Offline Manager privilege , see Section 11 of this manual .
for more detailed information about the [division/split] of offline manager privilege , see section 11 of this manual .

The notion of project is also introduced for process modelling to allow the allocation of roles to users within a project .
the notion of project is also introduced for process modelling to allow the [division/split] of roles to users within a project .

Not a big enough allocation for something like this , that 's the trouble .
not a big enough [division/split] for something like this , that 's the trouble .

Some expenses may cause problems of allocation between accounting periods such as research and development expenditure … n general , the future benefits of most research projects are too uncertain to justify carrying the expenditure forward .
some expenses may cause problems of [division/split] between accounting periods such as research and development expenditure … n general , the future benefits of most research projects are too uncertain to justify carrying the expenditure forward .

Depreciation is the process of allocation of the difference between the total acquisition cost of an asset ( or its valuation ) and its estimated residual value ( i.e — predicted disposal value at the end of its useful life ) over the total useful life of the asset .
depreciation is the process of [division/split] of the difference between the total acquisition cost of an asset ( or its valuation ) and its estimated residual value ( i.e — predicted disposal value at the end of its useful life ) over the total useful life of the asset .

The depreciation allocation to each year may be made on the basis of time or service using one of a variety of methods ( for example , straight line , units of production , sum of the years ' digits , reducing balance ) which are described in most standard accounting texts .
the depreciation [division/split] to each year may be made on the basis of time or service using one of a variety of methods ( for example , straight line , units of production , sum of the years ' digits , reducing balance ) which are described in most standard accounting texts .

Methods of funding such developments include an agreed allocation of mortgage funds to a particular scheme , or the `` financing of a proportion of land and development costs on the understanding that the developer will market that society 's services to prospective purchasers .
methods of funding such developments include an agreed [division/split] of mortgage funds to a particular scheme , or the `` financing of a proportion of land and development costs on the understanding that the developer will market that society 's services to prospective purchasers .

The allocation of labour to particular activities in the contract programme is a skilled task which requires both a knowledge of what is to be done as well as the likely outputs of the people employed .
the [division/split] of labour to particular activities in the contract programme is a skilled task which requires both a knowledge of what is to be done as well as the likely outputs of the people employed .

The allocation of labour to activities can be plotted as a histogram which will invariably show peaks and troughs .
the [division/split] of labour to activities can be plotted as a histogram which will invariably show peaks and troughs .

It is essential to spend sufficient time on preparation before going out to tender and to ensure that the allocation of risks between the parties is clearly stated in the contract documents .
it is essential to spend sufficient time on preparation before going out to tender and to ensure that the [division/split] of risks between the parties is clearly stated in the contract documents .

In the context of shortage of funds for projects , the member states discussed the effects of a likely fall in the allocation of resources to Africa from the industrialized world in favour of the emerging democracies in eastern Europe .
in the context of shortage of funds for projects , the member states discussed the effects of a likely fall in the [division/split] of resources to africa from the industrialized world in favour of the emerging democracies in eastern europe .

The Assembly was expanded from 195 to 250 seats , allowing for a larger allocation of seats to independent candidates .
the assembly was expanded from 195 to 250 seats , allowing for a larger [division/split] of seats to independent candidates .

Priority was given to the Health and Education ministries and a new budgetary allocation was created for road infrastructure .
priority was given to the health and education ministries and a new budgetary [division/split] was created for road infrastructure .

The legislature is the unicameral House of Representatives ( increased prior to the December 1985 elections from 50 seats to 80 , including a nominal allocation of 24 seats to Turkish-Cypriots ) which is elected by universal adult suffrage according to a system of proportional representation .
the legislature is the unicameral house of representatives ( increased prior to the december 1985 elections from 50 seats to 80 , including a nominal [division/split] of 24 seats to turkish-cypriots ) which is elected by universal adult suffrage according to a system of proportional representation .

The plan stressed the role of central planning in the allocation of key materials and products , and in finance .
the plan stressed the role of central planning in the [division/split] of key materials and products , and in finance .

Up to 50,000 heads of households and their families would fall into one of four categories of eligibility for full British citizenship : there would be a general allocation for 36,200 people and additional allocations for key entrepreneurs ( 500 ) ; disciplined services ( 7,000 ) ; and sensitive services ( 6,300 ) .
up to 50,000 heads of households and their families would fall into one of four categories of eligibility for full british citizenship : there would be a general [division/split] for 36,200 people and additional allocations for key entrepreneurs ( 500 ) ; disciplined services ( 7,000 ) ; and sensitive services ( 6,300 ) .

The largest allocation went on defence , at 21.3 per cent of recurrent spending .
the largest [division/split] went on defence , at 21.3 per cent of recurrent spending .

The government 's 1991 budget proposal [ see p. 37178 ] envisaged an allocation of $ 295,000 million for defence , a 2.6 per cent decrease on the 1990 actual level in real terms , and envisaged the closure of 35 domestic and 13 overseas military bases as well as the reduction of forces at a further 200 bases .
the government 's 1991 budget proposal [ see p. 37178 ] envisaged an [division/split] of $ 295,000 million for defence , a 2.6 per cent decrease on the 1990 actual level in real terms , and envisaged the closure of 35 domestic and 13 overseas military bases as well as the reduction of forces at a further 200 bases .

Defence spending , at 36 per cent of the total , was slightly up on 1988 , when a separate defence allocation was last published .
defence spending , at 36 per cent of the total , was slightly up on 1988 , when a separate defence [division/split] was last published .

Patten told the House of Commons in a statement that government finance for local authorities ( grant and business rate allocation ) would rise by 12.8 per cent from £23,100 million to £26,000 million in 1991-92 .
patten told the house of commons in a statement that government finance for local authorities ( grant and business rate [division/split] ) would rise by 12.8 per cent from £23,100 million to £26,000 million in 1991-92 .

The $ 30,900 million budget for the Department of Veterans ' Affairs included an increase of $ 1,000 million in the allocation for its 172 hospitals .
the $ 30,900 million budget for the department of veterans ' affairs included an increase of $ 1,000 million in the [division/split] for its 172 hospitals .

The section on development projects included more detailed provisions than previously on technical co-operation , implementation procedures , monitoring and evaluation of projects , and the allocation of responsibility for management and execution of projects .
the section on development projects included more detailed provisions than previously on technical co-operation , implementation procedures , monitoring and evaluation of projects , and the [division/split] of responsibility for management and execution of projects .

The Bundesrat ( West German upper house of parliament ) was to be reconstituted according to a new allocation system , giving seats to each Land according to population from a minimum of three — as currently — to a maximum of eight ( instead of the present maximum of five ) .
the bundesrat ( west german upper house of parliament ) was to be reconstituted according to a new [division/split] system , giving seats to each land according to population from a minimum of three — as currently — to a maximum of eight ( instead of the present maximum of five ) .

The government also proposed to introduce debt-waiver on loans of up to Rs10,000 for small farmers and allocation of up to 50 per cent of available resources for investment in the agricultural sector and rural development -- one of the National Front 's election promises .
the government also proposed to introduce debt-waiver on loans of up to rs10,000 for small farmers and [division/split] of up to 50 per cent of available resources for investment in the agricultural sector and rural development -- one of the national front 's election promises .

The immediate cause of the rioting in Dushanbe was a rumour that Armenian refugees from the violence in Azerbaijan were to be resettled there , taking priority over local people in the allocation of already scarce homes and jobs .
the immediate cause of the rioting in dushanbe was a rumour that armenian refugees from the violence in azerbaijan were to be resettled there , taking priority over local people in the [division/split] of already scarce homes and jobs .

Group size and allocation
group size and [division/split]

Under the new system , the role of quantitative controls on bank lending was reduced and greater reliance was placed on the role of market determined interest rates in the allocation of credit .
under the new system , the role of quantitative controls on bank lending was reduced and greater reliance was placed on the role of market determined interest rates in the [division/split] of credit .

timetable and responsibilities : a realistic timetable should be established with a clear allocation of tasks between the firm , the client and any other parties .
timetable and responsibilities : a realistic timetable should be established with a clear [division/split] of tasks between the firm , the client and any other parties .

Warranties are concerned with the allocation of risk — not knowledge .
warranties are concerned with the [division/split] of risk — not knowledge .

This has important implications for the efficient allocation of resources within such firms .
this has important implications for the efficient [division/split] of resources within such firms .

This enables a full investigation of the decision maker 's preferences to occur which leads to a satisfactory allocation of resources by the end of the solution procedure .
this enables a full investigation of the decision maker 's preferences to occur which leads to a satisfactory [division/split] of resources by the end of the solution procedure .

Evaluation criteria in the allocation of subsidies to bus operations
evaluation criteria in the [division/split] of subsidies to bus operations

One finds in this approach a judgement about the effects of trade union and state interventions in labour markets with regard to resource allocation .
one finds in this approach a judgement about the effects of trade union and state interventions in labour markets with regard to resource [division/split] .

Such decisions may have substantial implications for individual and social welfare and the allocation of scarce resources .
such decisions may have substantial implications for individual and social welfare and the [division/split] of scarce resources .

There are two principal components : first , to revise the input-output data based on Scottish tables for 1979 , including new absorption , make and final demand allocation matrices ; secondly to update the existing series on the Institute 's modelling databank ( eg family expenditure survey information and series on output , employment and earnings ) .
there are two principal components : first , to revise the input-output data based on scottish tables for 1979 , including new absorption , make and final demand [division/split] matrices ; secondly to update the existing series on the institute 's modelling databank ( eg family expenditure survey information and series on output , employment and earnings ) .

Land allocation to forestry on lowland farms
land [division/split] to forestry on lowland farms

Historically , resource allocation has been the prime objective ( eg in relation to fisheries ) and environmental protection has been no more than a secondary objective .
historically , resource [division/split] has been the prime objective ( eg in relation to fisheries ) and environmental protection has been no more than a secondary objective .

This project examines the process of decision-making in relation to categorisation , initial allocation to prison , recategorisation and movement between prisons , movement within the prison , access to employment and education , disciplinary procedures , recommendations for parole and for ‘ training for freedom ’ .
this project examines the process of decision-making in relation to categorisation , initial [division/split] to prison , recategorisation and movement between prisons , movement within the prison , access to employment and education , disciplinary procedures , recommendations for parole and for ‘ training for freedom ’ .

Recent sociological research has focussed on women 's increased labour participation , the unequal sharing of household tasks and childcare , and the allocation of financial resources between household members .
recent sociological research has focussed on women 's increased labour participation , the unequal sharing of household tasks and childcare , and the [division/split] of financial resources between household members .

The project will be particularly concerned with identifying different patterns of human interaction with the forest , and with the information which people have at their disposal when making resource allocation decisions , especially when those resources are scarce and when circumstances are changing .
the project will be particularly concerned with identifying different patterns of human interaction with the forest , and with the information which people have at their disposal when making resource [division/split] decisions , especially when those resources are scarce and when circumstances are changing .

The object is to see how people perceive one another in age terms , and how far age is a factor in the allocation of roles and responsibilities and in the choice of friends .
the object is to see how people perceive one another in age terms , and how far age is a factor in the [division/split] of roles and responsibilities and in the choice of friends .

It examines the bureaucrat-fisherman relationship in the context of the allocation of resources from government to local investment in fishing activity , a critical variable in the capitalisation of fishing enterprises and therefore in the maintenance of employment in rural areas .
it examines the bureaucrat-fisherman relationship in the context of the [division/split] of resources from government to local investment in fishing activity , a critical variable in the capitalisation of fishing enterprises and therefore in the maintenance of employment in rural areas .

Regional variations in measures for health resource allocation procedures
regional variations in measures for health resource [division/split] procedures

Derry 's allocation of tickets was distributed to the various clubs in Maghera last night where there was an unprecedented clamour for the precious pieces of paper .
derry 's [division/split] of tickets was distributed to the various clubs in maghera last night where there was an unprecedented clamour for the precious pieces of paper .

Derry officials are hoping to receive an additional allocation of tickets later in the week .
derry officials are hoping to receive an additional [division/split] of tickets later in the week .

This project will look at one important aspect of economic reform — policy toward the allocation of labour among enterprises .
this project will look at one important aspect of economic reform — policy toward the [division/split] of labour among enterprises .

And the government was content to push the Bill through the Commons without the allocation of more Parliamentary time to it , despite the fact that it was a more substantial and complicated measure thanks to government intervention .
and the government was content to push the bill through the commons without the [division/split] of more parliamentary time to it , despite the fact that it was a more substantial and complicated measure thanks to government intervention .

Within the framework of the Garden 's overall statutory objectives , information policies will help us to decide on resource allocation , improve the way we communicate with each other and with our ‘ users ’ , and provide feedback to Management and the Trustees on the way our resources are being used .
within the framework of the garden 's overall statutory objectives , information policies will help us to decide on resource [division/split] , improve the way we communicate with each other and with our ‘ users ’ , and provide feedback to management and the trustees on the way our resources are being used .

By agreement , these staff had been provisionally allocated to six grades and the job evaluation scheme was to be used to finalise this allocation .
by agreement , these staff had been provisionally allocated to six grades and the job evaluation scheme was to be used to finalise this [division/split] .

This evidence from the southern suburbs clearly indicates an arrangement of elongated properties end-on to the frontages housing a variety of activities , but apart from a more generous allocation of space , little differentiates the associated buildings from their counterparts in the central area .
this evidence from the southern suburbs clearly indicates an arrangement of elongated properties end-on to the frontages housing a variety of activities , but apart from a more generous [division/split] of space , little differentiates the associated buildings from their counterparts in the central area .

The allocation of the principal services provided by these different types of local authority is illustrated on page four .
the [division/split] of the principal services provided by these different types of local authority is illustrated on page four .

The specification of a product and the allocation of resources to develop it are the later stages of a series of planning loops .
the specification of a product and the [division/split] of resources to develop it are the later stages of a series of planning loops .

This amounts to a portfolio or collection of possibilities ranked on an agreed basis to enable decisions to be made on allocation of resources .
this amounts to a portfolio or collection of possibilities ranked on an agreed basis to enable decisions to be made on [division/split] of resources .

During and after this resource allocation planning , there will be pressure for more projects to be undertaken and some persuasive reasons for doing so will be given .
during and after this resource [division/split] planning , there will be pressure for more projects to be undertaken and some persuasive reasons for doing so will be given .

Once analysis of the log makes obvious any deficiencies in time allocation to specific areas , as it will , correction is simple and straightforward .
once analysis of the log makes obvious any deficiencies in time [division/split] to specific areas , as it will , correction is simple and straightforward .

The project review and resource allocation meeting described in Chapter 10 under ‘ Matrix Organization ’ is an example of this approach .
the project review and resource [division/split] meeting described in chapter 10 under ‘ matrix organization ’ is an example of this approach .

The Remuneration Committee determines the remuneration of the executive directors of the Company and the basis of allocation of share options among directors and senior employees .
the remuneration committee determines the remuneration of the executive directors of the company and the basis of [division/split] of share options among directors and senior employees .

Such operations may be useful for timetabling , classroom allocation and for making examination arrangements .
such operations may be useful for timetabling , classroom [division/split] and for making examination arrangements .

Efficient Resource Allocation
efficient resource [division/split]

By a resource allocation for an economy we mean a list or complete description of who does what and who gets what .
by a resource [division/split] for an economy we mean a list or complete description of who does what and who gets what .

To emphasize that markets are not the only possible allocation devices , we begin by assuming that allocations are chosen by a central dictator .
to emphasize that markets are not the only possible [division/split] devices , we begin by assuming that allocations are chosen by a central dictator .

The ultimate worth of any allocation depends on consumer tastes , which determine how people value what they are given .
the ultimate worth of any [division/split] depends on consumer tastes , which determine how people value what they are given .

An allocation is Pareto-efficient for a given set of consumer tastes , resources , and technology , if it is impossible to move to another allocation which would make some people better off and nobody worse off .
an [division/split] is pareto-efficient for a given set of consumer tastes , resources , and technology , if it is impossible to move to another [division/split] which would make some people better off and nobody worse off .

Thus the dictator should never choose an inefficient allocation inside the frontier .
thus the dictator should never choose an inefficient [division/split] inside the frontier .

Will a free market economy find a Pareto-efficient allocation on its own , or must it be guided there by government intervention ?
will a free market economy find a pareto-efficient [division/split] on its own , or must it be guided there by government intervention ?

Feasible resource allocation between the two industries thus allows society to exchange 2 meals for 1 film .
feasible resource [division/split] between the two industries thus allows society to exchange 2 meals for 1 film .

They ensure that it is a feasible allocation .
they ensure that it is a feasible [division/split] .

Thus , as if by an Invisible Hand , prices are guiding individual consumers and producers , each acting only in their own self-interest , to an allocation of the economy 's resources that is Pareto-efficient .
thus , as if by an invisible hand , prices are guiding individual consumers and producers , each acting only in their own self-interest , to an [division/split] of the economy 's resources that is pareto-efficient .

We have now discovered that a competitive equilibrium in all markets would generate one particular Pareto-efficient allocation .
we have now discovered that a competitive equilibrium in all markets would generate one particular pareto-efficient [division/split] .

We began this section by stating that under certain conditions we could show that free enterprise or free markets led to a Pareto-efficient allocation .
we began this section by stating that under certain conditions we could show that free enterprise or free markets led to a pareto-efficient [division/split] .

Thus far we have shown that when there is no distortion in the market for meals , a tax on films will lead to an inefficient allocation .
thus far we have shown that when there is no distortion in the market for meals , a tax on films will lead to an inefficient [division/split] .

We sometimes call this the first-best allocation to remind ourselves that it is fully efficient .
we sometimes call this the first-best [division/split] to remind ourselves that it is fully efficient .

In contrast to the first-best allocation , when we achieve full efficiency by removing all distortions , we have now developed the principle of the second best .
in contrast to the first-best [division/split] , when we achieve full efficiency by removing all distortions , we have now developed the principle of the second best .

, markets not subject to direct price or quantity regulation by the government ) will fail to achieve an efficient allocation .
, markets not subject to direct price or quantity regulation by the government ) will fail to achieve an efficient [division/split] .

Property rights thus have a distributional implication — who compensates whom — but also act to achieve the socially efficient allocation .
property rights thus have a distributional implication — who compensates whom — but also act to achieve the socially efficient [division/split] .

Any allocation in which different firms have different marginal costs of reducing pollution is a socially inefficient way to reduce the total quantity of pollution .
any [division/split] in which different firms have different marginal costs of reducing pollution is a socially inefficient way to reduce the total quantity of pollution .

When externalities exist , free market equilibrium will lead to an inefficient resource allocation because the externality itself does not have a market or a price .
when externalities exist , free market equilibrium will lead to an inefficient resource [division/split] because the externality itself does not have a market or a price .

If some risky activities are uninsurable at any price , again we can not expect the price system to guide society to an allocation at which social marginal costs and benefits are equal .
if some risky activities are uninsurable at any price , again we can not expect the price system to guide society to an [division/split] at which social marginal costs and benefits are equal .

However society decides to value the benefit of saving human life , an efficient allocation would adopt health and safety regulations up to the point at which the marginal social cost of saving life by each and every means was equal to the marginal social benefit of saving life .
however society decides to value the benefit of saving human life , an efficient [division/split] would adopt health and safety regulations up to the point at which the marginal social cost of saving life by each and every means was equal to the marginal social benefit of saving life .

By shying away from the ‘ unpleasant ’ task of spelling out the costs and benefits , society is likely to produce a very inefficient allocation in which the marginal costs and marginal benefits are very different in different activities .
by shying away from the ‘ unpleasant ’ task of spelling out the costs and benefits , society is likely to produce a very inefficient [division/split] in which the marginal costs and marginal benefits are very different in different activities .

For example , every allocation that gives the maxi-mum attainable output to a single individual is Pareto-efficient .
for example , every [division/split] that gives the maxi-mum attainable output to a single individual is pareto-efficient .

If it was straightforward to assess the efficient quantity of the externality and hence the correct tax or subsidy , and straightforward to monitor the quantities produced and consumed , such taxes or subsidies would allow the market to achieve an efficient resource allocation .
if it was straightforward to assess the efficient quantity of the externality and hence the correct tax or subsidy , and straightforward to monitor the quantities produced and consumed , such taxes or subsidies would allow the market to achieve an efficient resource [division/split] .

Overall quantity standards may fail to equate the marginal cost of pollution reduction across different polluters , in which case the allocation will not be efficient .
overall quantity standards may fail to equate the marginal cost of pollution reduction across different polluters , in which case the [division/split] will not be efficient .

If you were making the choice , would you prefer allocation ( d ) to allocation ( e ) ?
if you were making the choice , would you prefer [division/split] ( d ) to [division/split] ( e ) ?

Taxes and Public Spending : The Government and Resource Allocation
taxes and public spending : the government and resource [division/split]

Since society places a different value on these goods from the value placed on them by the individual , it follows that individual choice within a free market economy will lead to a different allocation from the allocation that society wishes to see .
since society places a different value on these goods from the value placed on them by the individual , it follows that individual choice within a free market economy will lead to a different [division/split] from the [division/split] that society wishes to see .

Whenever consumption or production externalities induce distortions in the free market equilibrium allocation , the government can improve efficiency and reduce waste by levying taxes .
whenever consumption or production externalities induce distortions in the free market equilibrium [division/split] , the government can improve efficiency and reduce waste by levying taxes .

The invisible foot brings about an efficient allocation of resources through competition between local governments .
the invisible foot brings about an efficient [division/split] of resources through competition between local governments .

Whether nationalization improves the efficiency of resource allocation , or whether we would do better to privatize existing public corporations , is an issue we take up the next chapter .
whether nationalization improves the efficiency of resource [division/split] , or whether we would do better to privatize existing public corporations , is an issue we take up the next chapter .

How should we measure the social cost of monopoly power and inefficient resource allocation ?
how should we measure the social cost of monopoly power and inefficient resource [division/split] ?

In framing merger policy , the government must therefore decide whether the potential social gains from reduced costs and more efficient production are outweighed by the social costs of monopoly power and inefficient resource allocation between firms and industries that might arise .
in framing merger policy , the government must therefore decide whether the potential social gains from reduced costs and more efficient production are outweighed by the social costs of monopoly power and inefficient resource [division/split] between firms and industries that might arise .

We argued that this allocation would be efficient only if market failures did not occur .
we argued that this [division/split] would be efficient only if market failures did not occur .

In Chapter 16 we argued that taxes and subsidies could sometimes be used to offset externalities and guide market equilibrium to the efficient allocation .
in chapter 16 we argued that taxes and subsidies could sometimes be used to offset externalities and guide market equilibrium to the efficient [division/split] .

If you 've been self-employed since five minutes after Lucifer 's fall , and can fork out the massive outlay required , you might just find a way to bribe yourself on to the single-ticket waiting list ; if you belong to a small , minor-league organisation , your company will probably club together with several others to rent a cheap and jerry-built booth in one of the minor outbuildings , and argue with its partners over a tiny allocation of entry passes , whose holders will be consigned to overpriced lodgings in distant and inconvenient suburbs .
if you 've been self-employed since five minutes after lucifer 's fall , and can fork out the massive outlay required , you might just find a way to bribe yourself on to the single-ticket waiting list ; if you belong to a small , minor-league organisation , your company will probably club together with several others to rent a cheap and jerry-built booth in one of the minor outbuildings , and argue with its partners over a tiny [division/split] of entry passes , whose holders will be consigned to overpriced lodgings in distant and inconvenient suburbs .

That is a special allocation , in addition to the normal resources made available to local authorities to support their inner-area programmes of social and economic regeneration .
that is a special [division/split] , in addition to the normal resources made available to local authorities to support their inner-area programmes of social and economic regeneration .

We are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the allocation of funding .
we are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the [division/split] of funding .

The fact that we recognise that different people in the health service will produce different answers to the same questions is manifest in the fact that different health authorities will reach different conclusions , based on their assessment of the health needs of their resident populations and of their local priorities .. They will also reach conclusions about the allocation of resources and their priority in terms of the use of resources to address the specific health needs of their local populations .
the fact that we recognise that different people in the health service will produce different answers to the same questions is manifest in the fact that different health authorities will reach different conclusions , based on their assessment of the health needs of their resident populations and of their local priorities .. they will also reach conclusions about the [division/split] of resources and their priority in terms of the use of resources to address the specific health needs of their local populations .

During that time the allocation to that gallery has been reduced , and subsequently frozen .
during that time the [division/split] to that gallery has been reduced , and subsequently frozen .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he will make a statement on the recent allocation of regional television franchises by the Independent Television Commission .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department if he will make a statement on the recent [division/split] of regional television franchises by the independent television commission .

The Foundation for Sport and the Arts is an independent trust which decides the allocation of its own funds .
the foundation for sport and the arts is an independent trust which decides the [division/split] of its own funds .

Derbyshire 's allocation will be announced before Christmas .
derbyshire 's [division/split] will be announced before christmas .

By 1992-93 , we will have more than tripled the original £15 million budget allocation for the know-how fund .
by 1992-93 , we will have more than tripled the original £15 million budget [division/split] for the know-how fund .

The precise allocation of resources within the region is a matter for the hon .
the precise [division/split] of resources within the region is a matter for the hon .

In the context of the Prime Minister 's duties in the House , will he advise us whether he will stay to listen to the statement by the Secretary of State for Scotland ? Is the Prime Minister aware that the allocation of trust status to hospitals in Scotland is against the general and political will of the people there ? Will he therefore spell out what he decides is democracy in Scotland ? It seems that the Secretary of State for Scotland is to ride roughshod over the views of elected members at district , regional and parliamentary level .
in the context of the prime minister 's duties in the house , will he advise us whether he will stay to listen to the statement by the secretary of state for scotland ? is the prime minister aware that the [division/split] of trust status to hospitals in scotland is against the general and political will of the people there ? will he therefore spell out what he decides is democracy in scotland ? it seems that the secretary of state for scotland is to ride roughshod over the views of elected members at district , regional and parliamentary level .

Will my right hon. Friend take time today to congratulate those who are running successful neighbourhood watch schemes in Dartford ? Does he agree that neighbourhood watches can be deemed only an aid to proper policing , in terms of numbers and police efficiency ? Will my right hon. Friend intervene with the chairman of Kent police authority to ensure that Dartford has its fair share of the new allocation of extra manpower for the county of Kent ?
will my right hon. friend take time today to congratulate those who are running successful neighbourhood watch schemes in dartford ? does he agree that neighbourhood watches can be deemed only an aid to proper policing , in terms of numbers and police efficiency ? will my right hon. friend intervene with the chairman of kent police authority to ensure that dartford has its fair share of the new [division/split] of extra manpower for the county of kent ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he will make a statement on the allocation of police officers to West Yorkshire .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department if he will make a statement on the [division/split] of police officers to west yorkshire .

We shall make certain that Strathclyde 's bids are carefully considered before making a final allocation .
we shall make certain that strathclyde 's bids are carefully considered before making a final [division/split] .

Edinburgh district council estimated the cost of clearing the backlog at £25.5 million and we made that allocation to it over a two-year period .
edinburgh district council estimated the cost of clearing the backlog at £25.5 million and we made that [division/split] to it over a two-year period .

It used the allocation , came back and said that its original estimate was entirely wrong and it required an extra £48 million — the original estimate was £48 million out .
it used the [division/split] , came back and said that its original estimate was entirely wrong and it required an extra £48 million — the original estimate was £48 million out .

When we made available the special allocation of £3.5 million earlier in the year , eight authorities in Scotland came forward with specific projects that resulted in 700 extra housing units being made available .
when we made available the special [division/split] of £3.5 million earlier in the year , eight authorities in scotland came forward with specific projects that resulted in 700 extra housing units being made available .

If any authorities do not succeed tomorrow , they may still be considered for a share of the extra allocation of £7.5 million next year .
if any authorities do not succeed tomorrow , they may still be considered for a share of the extra [division/split] of £7.5 million next year .

To help Scottish local authorities carry out their statutory duties towards the homeless , we have among other things made available in the current financial year extra capital allocations of £3.5 million announced earlier , and of £4.1 million , the specific allocation of which will be announced tomorrow .
to help scottish local authorities carry out their statutory duties towards the homeless , we have among other things made available in the current financial year extra capital allocations of £3.5 million announced earlier , and of £4.1 million , the specific [division/split] of which will be announced tomorrow .

Authorities that feel that they have not benefited sufficiently will be considered for the £7.5 million allocation for next year .
authorities that feel that they have not benefited sufficiently will be considered for the £7.5 million [division/split] for next year .

The allocation of Scottish Enterprise staff to particular projects is a matter for the body itself .
the [division/split] of scottish enterprise staff to particular projects is a matter for the body itself .

To ask the Lord President of the Council what representations he has received about the allocation of parliamentary time for private Members .
to ask the lord president of the council what representations he has received about the [division/split] of parliamentary time for private members .

Helens ' overall allocation was low because it did not bid for new places and put any proposals to tackle its serious surplus place problem .
helens ' overall [division/split] was low because it did not bid for new places and put any proposals to tackle its serious surplus place problem .

Is the Minister aware that 18 schools in the Cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year Cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? It is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in Cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions — which must have an effect on education standards . Is it not about time that the Government invested in Cleveland 's schools ? Or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with Ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?
is the minister aware that 18 schools in the cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital [division/split] ? it is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions — which must have an effect on education standards . is it not about time that the government invested in cleveland 's schools ? or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?

Each annual allocation of funds to district budgets has been designed to redistribute resources in a progressively more equitable way .
each annual [division/split] of funds to district budgets has been designed to redistribute resources in a progressively more equitable way .

Although there has been a good response so far to the environmental technology innovation scheme , there are no plans to increase the current allocation of £12 million .
although there has been a good response so far to the environmental technology innovation scheme , there are no plans to increase the current [division/split] of £12 million .

The board will meet next on 20 August 1992 to discuss the allocation of non-public fund grants to Army sports .
the board will meet next on 20 august 1992 to discuss the [division/split] of non-public fund grants to army sports .

One of them recently ran out of petrol and had to do a 45-mile round trip for fuel when its total allocation for the whole shift was only 28 miles .
one of them recently ran out of petrol and had to do a 45-mile round trip for fuel when its total [division/split] for the whole shift was only 28 miles .

’ supervisory officers were virtually confined to their office or foot after midnight on the night shift when they had used up their allocation .
’ supervisory officers were virtually confined to their office or foot after midnight on the night shift when they had used up their [division/split] .

Ordered , That , at this day 's sitting , the Ways and Means Motion and the Motion relating to Local Government Finance Bill ( Allocation of Time ) may be proceeded with , though opposed , until any hour .
ordered , that , at this day 's sitting , the ways and means motion and the motion relating to local government finance bill ( [division/split] of time ) may be proceeded with , though opposed , until any hour .

Local Government Finance Bill ( Allocation of Time )
local government finance bill ( [division/split] of time )

of next year 's allocation to relieve the pressure on this year 's inadequate allocation .
of next year 's [division/split] to relieve the pressure on this year 's inadequate [division/split] .

The allocation for London in the current financial year 1991-92 has been cut by a further 8 per cent .
the [division/split] for london in the current financial year 1991-92 has been cut by a further 8 per cent .

Neo-classical economists have been much preoccupied with exploring the conditions under which market coordination leads to the ‘ best ’ or ‘ socially optimal ’ allocation of resources .
neo-classical economists have been much preoccupied with exploring the conditions under which market coordination leads to the ‘ best ’ or ‘ socially optimal ’ [division/split] of resources .

By the allocation of resources is meant the kinds and quantities of goods produced , the production methods used and the distribution of income to individuals to enable them to consume output .
by the [division/split] of resources is meant the kinds and quantities of goods produced , the production methods used and the distribution of income to individuals to enable them to consume output .

Since perfect competition does not exist in practice — at best it is approximated in some markets — the stringent conditions for efficient resource allocation by the market are not met .
since perfect competition does not exist in practice — at best it is approximated in some markets — the stringent conditions for efficient resource [division/split] by the market are not met .

Markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents determine allocation and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .
markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents determine [division/split] and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .

The efficiency of market allocation is in question if either of these assumptions is judged not to hold .
the efficiency of market [division/split] is in question if either of these assumptions is judged not to hold .

The competitive market is advocated because it is held to promote efficiency in resource allocation and the liberty of the individual citizen .
the competitive market is advocated because it is held to promote efficiency in resource [division/split] and the liberty of the individual citizen .

If the market does not achieve an efficient allocation of resources there is said to be market failure .
if the market does not achieve an efficient [division/split] of resources there is said to be market failure .

Thus discrepancies between social costs and benefits and private costs and benefits mean that market allocation is socially inefficient .
thus discrepancies between social costs and benefits and private costs and benefits mean that market [division/split] is socially inefficient .

But government intervention is not the only way to cope with the problem of socially inefficient resource allocation due to externalities .
but government intervention is not the only way to cope with the problem of socially inefficient resource [division/split] due to externalities .

Hence there is a role for government collective action to improve the efficiency of resource allocation by negotiating and enforcing regulations regarding the use of common goods .
hence there is a role for government collective action to improve the efficiency of resource [division/split] by negotiating and enforcing regulations regarding the use of common goods .

Government allocation with respect to public and toll goods need not involve public sector production of the goods in question .
government [division/split] with respect to public and toll goods need not involve public sector production of the goods in question .

The market therefore does not produce a socially efficient allocation of resources .
the market therefore does not produce a socially efficient [division/split] of resources .

Many types of informational failure have been suggested , as this form of market failure has proved a fruitful source for critics of market allocation .
many types of informational failure have been suggested , as this form of market failure has proved a fruitful source for critics of market [division/split] .

If market allocation is to be efficient , then the buyers and sellers must have enough information to be able to undertake voluntary exchanges that improve their welfare .
if market [division/split] is to be efficient , then the buyers and sellers must have enough information to be able to undertake voluntary exchanges that improve their welfare .

Although markets fail to achieve the most socially efficient allocation of resources or to distribute welfare according to subjective principles of social justice , there is no automatic guarantee that government action will improve matters , especially when the net effect of uncoordinated policies is taken into account .
although markets fail to achieve the most socially efficient [division/split] of resources or to distribute welfare according to subjective principles of social justice , there is no automatic guarantee that government action will improve matters , especially when the net effect of uncoordinated policies is taken into account .

The best that can be hoped for is that government intervention improves the social efficiency of resource allocation , rather than achieving optimality .
the best that can be hoped for is that government intervention improves the social efficiency of resource [division/split] , rather than achieving optimality .

There is no general consensus on the beneficial effects of competition on resource allocation in all circumstances .
there is no general consensus on the beneficial effects of competition on resource [division/split] in all circumstances .

Certainly for advocates of market allocation , government is a major source of imperfect competition which unjustifiably impedes voluntary exchanges between individuals and contributes to social inefficiency .
certainly for advocates of market [division/split] , government is a major source of imperfect competition which unjustifiably impedes voluntary exchanges between individuals and contributes to social inefficiency .

Yet another problem in securing efficient resource allocation by means of government , is the influence of political interests on allocative decisions .
yet another problem in securing efficient resource [division/split] by means of government , is the influence of political interests on allocative decisions .

On that model , the use of the market for the allocation of investment goods , the toleration of any private ownership of the means of production , and the persistence of liberal democratic political institutions and conventions are all seen as features of capitalist societies , not of socialist ones .
on that model , the use of the market for the [division/split] of investment goods , the toleration of any private ownership of the means of production , and the persistence of liberal democratic political institutions and conventions are all seen as features of capitalist societies , not of socialist ones .

To this rather philosophical critique have then been added arguments about the economic inadequacies of markets . The use of markets for economic allocation in a capitalist system has been seen to possess the following drawbacks :
to this rather philosophical critique have then been added arguments about the economic inadequacies of markets . the use of markets for economic [division/split] in a capitalist system has been seen to possess the following drawbacks :

Very few people on the Left these days advocate centralized and bureaucratized models of economic allocation .
very few people on the left these days advocate centralized and bureaucratized models of economic [division/split] .

These difficulties reinforce the view of many non-socialists that there is no alternative to purely market forms of economic allocation in a complex society .
these difficulties reinforce the view of many non-socialists that there is no alternative to purely market forms of economic [division/split] in a complex society .

The very efficiency of the market system as an allocator of society 's resources is appraised by examining the allocation of resources at equilibrium .
the very efficiency of the market system as an allocator of society 's resources is appraised by examining the [division/split] of resources at equilibrium .

Rather , in the Austrian approach [ … ] we look to price theory to help us understand how the decisions of individual participants in the market interact to generate the market forces which compel changes in prices , in outputs , and in methods of production and the allocation of resources .
rather , in the austrian approach [ … ] we look to price theory to help us understand how the decisions of individual participants in the market interact to generate the market forces which compel changes in prices , in outputs , and in methods of production and the [division/split] of resources .

The efficiency of the price system , in this approach , does not depend upon the optimality ( or absence of it ) of the resource allocation pattern at equilibrium ; rather , it depends on the degree of success with which market forces can be relied upon to generate spontaneous corrections in the allocation patterns prevailing at times of disequilibrium .
the efficiency of the price system , in this approach , does not depend upon the optimality ( or absence of it ) of the resource [division/split] pattern at equilibrium ; rather , it depends on the degree of success with which market forces can be relied upon to generate spontaneous corrections in the [division/split] patterns prevailing at times of disequilibrium .

More economic patterns of resource allocation will result as underlying comparative advantages are allowed to exert their full potential .
more economic patterns of resource [division/split] will result as underlying comparative advantages are allowed to exert their full potential .

The allocation of the notation will also affect its length .
the [division/split] of the notation will also affect its length .

Uneven allocation of notation to subjects with the same size of literature , ( or the same number of subdivisions being allocated different notational space ) will cause notation for some subjects to be exceptionally long .
uneven [division/split] of notation to subjects with the same size of literature , ( or the same number of subdivisions being allocated different notational space ) will cause notation for some subjects to be exceptionally long .

Uneven allocation will thus lead to some subjects having relatively short notation at the expense of others with relatively long notation .
uneven [division/split] will thus lead to some subjects having relatively short notation at the expense of others with relatively long notation .

In practice , uneven allocation often arises with the development of subjects ; the original allocation of the scheme becomes less balanced with time and the emergence of new subdivisions .
in practice , uneven [division/split] often arises with the development of subjects ; the original [division/split] of the scheme becomes less balanced with time and the emergence of new subdivisions .

What is then proposed as an alternative to this conception is a recognition of the existence of conflicting interest groups , some of which have a much greater capacity to pursue their interests successfully , and of the need for widespread political debate about the allocation of social resources and benefits among these groups , or in a broad sense , about justice and the meaning of a ‘ good society ’ .
what is then proposed as an alternative to this conception is a recognition of the existence of conflicting interest groups , some of which have a much greater capacity to pursue their interests successfully , and of the need for widespread political debate about the [division/split] of social resources and benefits among these groups , or in a broad sense , about justice and the meaning of a ‘ good society ’ .

We have not however given a very careful treatment of the allocation of demand the savings decision — and we turn now to this , and to two other features of the model that need elaboration .
we have not however given a very careful treatment of the [division/split] of demand the savings decision — and we turn now to this , and to two other features of the model that need elaboration .

firms are myopic , or are able to appropriate returns for only one instant ) This ‘ innovation possibility frontier ’ captures the notion of choice but leaves open a number of questions , notably the determination of its shape and location , which must in part result from the deliberate allocation of resources to research and development .
firms are myopic , or are able to appropriate returns for only one instant ) this ‘ innovation possibility frontier ’ captures the notion of choice but leaves open a number of questions , notably the determination of its shape and location , which must in part result from the deliberate [division/split] of resources to research and development .

These include the incidence of the tax system , the allocation of the benefits from public spending , the dynamic impact of policy ( allowing for its effect on accumulation of capital ) , and the extent of intergenerational redistribution .
these include the incidence of the tax system , the [division/split] of the benefits from public spending , the dynamic impact of policy ( allowing for its effect on accumulation of capital ) , and the extent of intergenerational redistribution .

This allocation poses empirical problems in that the necessary data may not be available in the original source or may be unreliable .
this [division/split] poses empirical problems in that the necessary data may not be available in the original source or may be unreliable .

and the correct allocation may be open to debate ( what benefit should be allowed in the case of education ? )
and the correct [division/split] may be open to debate ( what benefit should be allowed in the case of education ? )

Aaron and McGuire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in Lecture 16 ) .
aaron and mcguire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit [division/split] formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in lecture 16 ) .

Implicitly it is consistent with the first stage of a two-stage budgeting procedure , with investors initially deciding on the level of investment in a particular location and then determining the asset allocation of that investment .
implicitly it is consistent with the first stage of a two-stage budgeting procedure , with investors initially deciding on the level of investment in a particular location and then determining the asset [division/split] of that investment .

whether wealth can be thought of as being determined prior to its allocation amongst individual assets .
whether wealth can be thought of as being determined prior to its [division/split] amongst individual assets .

Such was Prussia , where a new system of recruiting , based on the allocation to each regiment of a defined area , a canton , upon which it could draw for its manpower , was introduced in the 1730s .
such was prussia , where a new system of recruiting , based on the [division/split] to each regiment of a defined area , a canton , upon which it could draw for its manpower , was introduced in the 1730s .

This oversimplification is likely to lead to inappropriate curricula for many , and also to affect attitudes adversely through the labelling associated with allocation to a particular group , especially to a bottom set or stream .
this oversimplification is likely to lead to inappropriate curricula for many , and also to affect attitudes adversely through the labelling associated with [division/split] to a particular group , especially to a bottom set or stream .

Can an overall school policy which gives appropriate weight to equal opportunities , health education , political literacy , personal , social and moral education and the other emphases described in Lawton 's analysis be planned , implemented and , in general terms , managed without a detailed understanding of what is needed to handle each issue ? Can the managers make any precise allocation of time and other resources to planning and defining their operational steps in these amorphous areas ? Can they reduce those steps to verifiable , traceable steps of quality control ?
can an overall school policy which gives appropriate weight to equal opportunities , health education , political literacy , personal , social and moral education and the other emphases described in lawton 's analysis be planned , implemented and , in general terms , managed without a detailed understanding of what is needed to handle each issue ? can the managers make any precise [division/split] of time and other resources to planning and defining their operational steps in these amorphous areas ? can they reduce those steps to verifiable , traceable steps of quality control ?

But management still lay , in Britain , more with LEAs than with heads or governors because in schools — primary , secondary or special — daily management was still at some distance from the control of finance , from the decision about a school 's total allocation of teaching staff , from the establishment of policies and schemes of priority in the school 's curriculum and organization and from the presentation of the whole picture of aims , methods and performance to parents and to other members of the local community .
but management still lay , in britain , more with leas than with heads or governors because in schools — primary , secondary or special — daily management was still at some distance from the control of finance , from the decision about a school 's total [division/split] of teaching staff , from the establishment of policies and schemes of priority in the school 's curriculum and organization and from the presentation of the whole picture of aims , methods and performance to parents and to other members of the local community .

There are ample claims that reflection , proactive planning and a defensible allocation of resources lead to improvements in teaching and learning .
there are ample claims that reflection , proactive planning and a defensible [division/split] of resources lead to improvements in teaching and learning .

The substitution of the term `` information `` for the old `` press and propaganda `` , and its promotion to ministerial level seemed to indicate a more wide-ranging approach to questions of what the general public might know and think of the regime ; while the allocation of official attention to tourism suggested that , by contrast with the days of autarchy and isolationism , foreigners were henceforth to be encouraged to come to Spain .
the substitution of the term `` information `` for the old `` press and propaganda `` , and its promotion to ministerial level seemed to indicate a more wide-ranging approach to questions of what the general public might know and think of the regime ; while the [division/split] of official attention to tourism suggested that , by contrast with the days of autarchy and isolationism , foreigners were henceforth to be encouraged to come to spain .

discrete , involving time allocation , tutor planning and student preparation ;
discrete , involving time [division/split] , tutor planning and student preparation ;

Paradoxically , the highly–skilled performer , because he or she depends on finely tuned allocation of his or her attention to avoid having to think carefully about every minor detail may be likely to make a slip .
paradoxically , the highly–skilled performer , because he or she depends on finely tuned [division/split] of his or her attention to avoid having to think carefully about every minor detail may be likely to make a slip .

degradation of working practices , quality of supervision , quality of testing , training , allocation of meaningful job descriptions , communication to workforce of standards for testing and installation work , supply of accurate drawings
degradation of working practices , quality of supervision , quality of testing , training , [division/split] of meaningful job descriptions , communication to workforce of standards for testing and installation work , supply of accurate drawings

the inquiry revealed many failings in all aspects of the design and construction of major steel box–girder bridges , in particular the importance of independent checking and clear allocation of responsibility
the inquiry revealed many failings in all aspects of the design and construction of major steel box–girder bridges , in particular the importance of independent checking and clear [division/split] of responsibility

Billeting allocation was frequently chaotic : host families could be hostile ; children might be selected according to their good looks and manners ; in rural areas , farmers often gleefully snapped up the strongest boys and set them to work on the land .
billeting [division/split] was frequently chaotic : host families could be hostile ; children might be selected according to their good looks and manners ; in rural areas , farmers often gleefully snapped up the strongest boys and set them to work on the land .

With almost every resource in short supply , the management of the war economy required not only government control but complex and intricate planning of requirements and allocation .
with almost every resource in short supply , the management of the war economy required not only government control but complex and intricate planning of requirements and [division/split] .

It provided a national minimum , not an allocation of relief on the basis of need .
it provided a national minimum , not an [division/split] of relief on the basis of need .

This belief in the capacity of intelligence tests to measure the entire child population was echoed by the rarer suggestion that educational psychologists should play a greater part in the allocation process .
this belief in the capacity of intelligence tests to measure the entire child population was echoed by the rarer suggestion that educational psychologists should play a greater part in the [division/split] process .

Yet this change did not require much expenditure or creative thought allocation as a concept could have been deployed , rather than selection .
yet this change did not require much expenditure or creative thought [division/split] as a concept could have been deployed , rather than selection .

The postholder is expected to organise his/her work after allocation of specific projects but will complete returns showing visits made , their number and nature .
the postholder is expected to organise his/her work after [division/split] of specific projects but will complete returns showing visits made , their number and nature .

Access allocation over this period controlled by the Engineer .
access [division/split] over this period controlled by the engineer .

We may also refer to a writer like Meiklejohn ( 1909 ) ; his book is an excellent work of its kind , and despite the oft-repeated claims of more recent linguists that previous investigators had seriously neglected syntax , that subject receives no fewer than seventy pages in his treatment ( even when the allocation of words to word-classes is excluded ) .
we may also refer to a writer like meiklejohn ( 1909 ) ; his book is an excellent work of its kind , and despite the oft-repeated claims of more recent linguists that previous investigators had seriously neglected syntax , that subject receives no fewer than seventy pages in his treatment ( even when the [division/split] of words to word-classes is excluded ) .

Previously , allocation of funds had been on a per capita student basis , but this changed to a research project grant system .
previously , [division/split] of funds had been on a per capita student basis , but this changed to a research project grant system .

Sir George Porter , in his reply declared that the allocation of these funds between projects must be the responsibility of the scientists .
sir george porter , in his reply declared that the [division/split] of these funds between projects must be the responsibility of the scientists .

Many obsolescence measures have been derived to assist librarians in calculating shelf space allocation for journals .
many obsolescence measures have been derived to assist librarians in calculating shelf space [division/split] for journals .

Accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .
accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this [division/split] , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .

The degree of control of human populations required by the design , especially in the random allocation of subjects to experimental and to control groups , and subjecting one but not the other to the causal treatment in the field , is practically impossible .
the degree of control of human populations required by the design , especially in the random [division/split] of subjects to experimental and to control groups , and subjecting one but not the other to the causal treatment in the field , is practically impossible .

In place of the random allocation of respondents to the control and experimental groups , survey analysts have to be content with random samples from different groups which occur `` naturally `` in the population .
in place of the random [division/split] of respondents to the control and experimental groups , survey analysts have to be content with random samples from different groups which occur `` naturally `` in the population .

This is true of the experiment but , by the random allocation of subjects to the control and the experimental groups , any effects of the unknown factors are randomised .
this is true of the experiment but , by the random [division/split] of subjects to the control and the experimental groups , any effects of the unknown factors are randomised .

Also at the meeting Russia announced the allocation of additional military force to protect the border with Afghanistan , and suggested that Central Asian states should supplement border troops with national formations ] .
also at the meeting russia announced the [division/split] of additional military force to protect the border with afghanistan , and suggested that central asian states should supplement border troops with national formations ] .

The main issues outstanding were : ( i ) the reorganization of the national finances and the respective allocations to Flanders and Wallonia ; ( ii ) voting rights for French-speakers living in the Flemish suburbs around Brussels ; ( iii ) the reorganization of agricultural support mechanisms along regional lines ; and ( iv ) the allocation of seats to the European Parliament .
the main issues outstanding were : ( i ) the reorganization of the national finances and the respective allocations to flanders and wallonia ; ( ii ) voting rights for french-speakers living in the flemish suburbs around brussels ; ( iii ) the reorganization of agricultural support mechanisms along regional lines ; and ( iv ) the [division/split] of seats to the european parliament .

The largest allocation was $ 3,760 million to the Finance Ministry , much of which would be used to service internal and external government debts ( the total foreign debt stood at $ 31,800 million ) ; the Education Ministry received $ 2,500 million ; and the Interior Ministry $ 2,300 million ( including spending on the police and security , and on revenue sharing with state governments ) .
the largest [division/split] was $ 3,760 million to the finance ministry , much of which would be used to service internal and external government debts ( the total foreign debt stood at $ 31,800 million ) ; the education ministry received $ 2,500 million ; and the interior ministry $ 2,300 million ( including spending on the police and security , and on revenue sharing with state governments ) .

In a move to slow private settlement-building the Israeli Housing Minister Benyamin Ben Eliezer on Aug. 5 had announced the " freezing of all land allocation in the [ occupied ] territories pending an in-depth study of the scale of the allocation [ for privately funded building ] of land belonging to the state " .
in a move to slow private settlement-building the israeli housing minister benyamin ben eliezer on aug. 5 had announced the " freezing of all land [division/split] in the [ occupied ] territories pending an in-depth study of the scale of the [division/split] [ for privately funded building ] of land belonging to the state " .

Housing Ministry officials indicated that the announcement concerned land allocation and would not affect plots already purchased [ for July freeze on government settlement-building see pp .
housing ministry officials indicated that the announcement concerned land [division/split] and would not affect plots already purchased [ for july freeze on government settlement-building see pp .

The biggest current expenditure allocation was for education , up 15 per cent from the previous year , at taka15,900 million .
the biggest current expenditure [division/split] was for education , up 15 per cent from the previous year , at taka15,900 million .

The Minister for Public Works in the outgoing government , Giovanni Prandini , a Christian Democrat , was on June 12 warned by Rome magistrates that he was under investigation in connection with the allocation of public funds for the construction of a motorway in the Puglian province of Táranto .
the minister for public works in the outgoing government , giovanni prandini , a christian democrat , was on june 12 warned by rome magistrates that he was under investigation in connection with the [division/split] of public funds for the construction of a motorway in the puglian province of táranto .

Allocation of seats following elections
[division/split] of seats following elections

Riots in Nouadhibou , Mauritania 's principal port , on June 2 were sparked by `` young people of the poor quarters `` spontaneously protesting about bread price rises and the allocation of municipal water pipes ( according to Radio France International on June 3 ) .
riots in nouadhibou , mauritania 's principal port , on june 2 were sparked by `` young people of the poor quarters `` spontaneously protesting about bread price rises and the [division/split] of municipal water pipes ( according to radio france international on june 3 ) .

Sources in Banjul suggested that he was accused of mishandling the allocation of land for tourism development ; he had been a controversial figure since the end of 1988 when he was alleged to have sold donated drugs to the government .
sources in banjul suggested that he was accused of mishandling the [division/split] of land for tourism development ; he had been a controversial figure since the end of 1988 when he was alleged to have sold donated drugs to the government .

Defined as the `` executive apparatus of presidential authority `` ; headed by a Premier chosen by and reporting to the President , and comprising around 15 heads of ministries and departments in charge of `` those spheres of government assigned to the Union in keeping with the allocation of powers between the Union and the republics `` , plus the heads of republican governments ; replaced the 69-member Council of Ministers , responsible directly to the Supreme Soviet .
defined as the `` executive apparatus of presidential authority `` ; headed by a premier chosen by and reporting to the president , and comprising around 15 heads of ministries and departments in charge of `` those spheres of government assigned to the union in keeping with the [division/split] of powers between the union and the republics `` , plus the heads of republican governments ; replaced the 69-member council of ministers , responsible directly to the supreme soviet .

However , the coalition was then split again , over telecommunications contracts signed unilaterally by the ( Flemish ) Posts and Telecommunications Minister Marcel Colla ( which would have benefited Flemish companies ) , and over the allocation of television licence fees to the regions ( which Wallonia needed to help pay teachers ' wages — see also p. 38465 ) .
however , the coalition was then split again , over telecommunications contracts signed unilaterally by the ( flemish ) posts and telecommunications minister marcel colla ( which would have benefited flemish companies ) , and over the [division/split] of television licence fees to the regions ( which wallonia needed to help pay teachers ' wages — see also p. 38465 ) .

Property was essentially to be divided territorially , that is , the location of property would be decisive for its allocation .
property was essentially to be divided territorially , that is , the location of property would be decisive for its [division/split] .

The opposition parties argued , however , that it gave the government too many powers , particularly with regard to the allocation of frequencies and senior appointments .
the opposition parties argued , however , that it gave the government too many powers , particularly with regard to the [division/split] of frequencies and senior appointments .

In free market economic theory , perfectly competitive markets achieve an efficient allocation of resources by balancing demand and supply through the price mechanism .
in free market economic theory , perfectly competitive markets achieve an efficient [division/split] of resources by balancing demand and supply through the price mechanism .

They have a full say in selecting schools for their children , on governing bodies where the allocation of resources is decided , and whether or not a school should opt out of local authority control , a decision which could affect the status and position of history in a school .
they have a full say in selecting schools for their children , on governing bodies where the [division/split] of resources is decided , and whether or not a school should opt out of local authority control , a decision which could affect the status and position of history in a school .

( 9 ) Have you established the time allocation over the three-year period ?
( 9 ) have you established the time [division/split] over the three-year period ?

Having established the correct space allocation , and had it agreed by the architect , a basic layout of all areas , kitchen , pantries , stores , bars and so on , is planned , bearing in mind the logical sequence of operational events .
having established the correct space [division/split] , and had it agreed by the architect , a basic layout of all areas , kitchen , pantries , stores , bars and so on , is planned , bearing in mind the logical sequence of operational events .

Diglossia refers to the community norms for language allocation across domains .
diglossia refers to the community norms for language [division/split] across domains .

Most estates were assessed in numbers of hides ( roughly 70,000 – 80,000 in all ) , units used in the allocation of public burdens which might be military , as in 1008 , when every 300 hides provided a ship and every eight a helmet and byrnie ( mail-coat ) for the navy , or financial , with each hide taxed at a particular rate .
most estates were assessed in numbers of hides ( roughly 70,000 – 80,000 in all ) , units used in the [division/split] of public burdens which might be military , as in 1008 , when every 300 hides provided a ship and every eight a helmet and byrnie ( mail-coat ) for the navy , or financial , with each hide taxed at a particular rate .

The overall effect is deemed to be beneficial as net gains are reaped , and the efficiency of the allocation of resources is improved .
the overall effect is deemed to be beneficial as net gains are reaped , and the efficiency of the [division/split] of resources is improved .

The concepts of trade creation and diversion are concerned with the allocation of resources in a static framework .
the concepts of trade creation and diversion are concerned with the [division/split] of resources in a static framework .

In terms of the allocation of resources the Vinerian concepts of trade creation and diversion are respectively welfare enhancing and welfare reducing .
in terms of the [division/split] of resources the vinerian concepts of trade creation and diversion are respectively welfare enhancing and welfare reducing .

Such policies are designed to promote the efficient allocation of resources through the encouragement of competition , which is seen as the active progenitor of economic efficiency and welfare .
such policies are designed to promote the efficient [division/split] of resources through the encouragement of competition , which is seen as the active progenitor of economic efficiency and welfare .

We have seen above that economic theory suggests , other things being equal , that monopoly leads to an inefficient allocation of resources in the sense that the level of output is restricted .
we have seen above that economic theory suggests , other things being equal , that monopoly leads to an inefficient [division/split] of resources in the sense that the level of output is restricted .

With appropriate allocation of profits from year to year the company partner could be used as a means of building up partnership capital at the more favourable tax rate .
with appropriate [division/split] of profits from year to year the company partner could be used as a means of building up partnership capital at the more favourable tax rate .

The creation of a currency union , by eliminating exchange rate uncertainty , may be expected to result in a more efficient allocation of resources in the union in a variety of ways .
the creation of a currency union , by eliminating exchange rate uncertainty , may be expected to result in a more efficient [division/split] of resources in the union in a variety of ways .

‘ … while the uniformity and lack of explicit organization of production systems are touted as their most desirable features , attendant difficulties of dynamically organising and controlling coherent problem solutions must be seriously considered in problem domains requiring careful allocation of computational resources . ’ ( p 471 )
‘ … while the uniformity and lack of explicit organization of production systems are touted as their most desirable features , attendant difficulties of dynamically organising and controlling coherent problem solutions must be seriously considered in problem domains requiring careful [division/split] of computational resources . ’ ( p 471 )

Each croft had its own allocation of peat banks , the location of which was strictly adhered to and controlled by the local grazing committee .
each croft had its own [division/split] of peat banks , the location of which was strictly adhered to and controlled by the local grazing committee .

Allocation was weighted so that there were 30 controls in order to form a solid baseline and 20 mice each irradiated to the upper or lower mediastinum .
[division/split] was weighted so that there were 30 controls in order to form a solid baseline and 20 mice each irradiated to the upper or lower mediastinum .

The method of analysis of covariance was used to take into account the small , random differences in severity of disease between treatment groups at the commencement of the trial that arise when random allocation is used .
the method of analysis of covariance was used to take into account the small , random differences in severity of disease between treatment groups at the commencement of the trial that arise when random [division/split] is used .

However , despite the slight difference in the way that the stocks are offered to the public , the method of allocation is the same .
however , despite the slight difference in the way that the stocks are offered to the public , the method of [division/split] is the same .

Thirteen per cent think that it improved resources ; 12 per cent that it changed priorities , 9 per cent that it changed allocation of resources and 7 per cent think that it improved teacher-pupil relations .
thirteen per cent think that it improved resources ; 12 per cent that it changed priorities , 9 per cent that it changed [division/split] of resources and 7 per cent think that it improved teacher-pupil relations .

Resource Allocation
resource [division/split]

The most important consideration is that the allocation must be done in a completely open and transparent way .
the most important consideration is that the [division/split] must be done in a completely open and transparent way .

In a larger organization , where this is not possible , the heads of both project and technology groups should be present , with equal standing so that the immediate superior of every project leader has first-hand knowledge of the reasons for the allocation , took part in the decision , and can explain it .
in a larger organization , where this is not possible , the heads of both project and technology groups should be present , with equal standing so that the immediate superior of every project leader has first-hand knowledge of the reasons for the [division/split] , took part in the decision , and can explain it .

The columns on the right of the form show the total allocation to each project for the period and to date .
the columns on the right of the form show the total [division/split] to each project for the period and to date .

In November of 1968 , he responded to the demands of Derry Catholics by proposing that the Londonderry City Corporation ( which since partition had been gerrymandered so that the Protestant minority retained control ) be replaced by a nominated body , that housing allocation be removed from political control to be administered on a fair ‘ points for needs ’ system , and that the Special Powers Act be re-examined .
in november of 1968 , he responded to the demands of derry catholics by proposing that the londonderry city corporation ( which since partition had been gerrymandered so that the protestant minority retained control ) be replaced by a nominated body , that housing [division/split] be removed from political control to be administered on a fair ‘ points for needs ’ system , and that the special powers act be re-examined .

Disputes , sabotage , mutinies and attempted coups arose from political or ideological disagreements , from resentment at allocation of funds and procurement policies , and from military reluctance to follow aggressive policies against other countries .
disputes , sabotage , mutinies and attempted coups arose from political or ideological disagreements , from resentment at [division/split] of funds and procurement policies , and from military reluctance to follow aggressive policies against other countries .

While the Three Pillars have stood the test of time , there has always been controversy about their relative importance , and hence about the allocation of resources between them .
while the three pillars have stood the test of time , there has always been controversy about their relative importance , and hence about the [division/split] of resources between them .

Few strategists would gainsay the primacy of the First Pillar — the defence of the British Isles — upon which the sovereignty of the realm depends ; though , paradoxically , the United Kingdom has usually been so secure behind its sea walls that Home Defence has been accorded the lowest allocation of resources .
few strategists would gainsay the primacy of the first pillar — the defence of the british isles — upon which the sovereignty of the realm depends ; though , paradoxically , the united kingdom has usually been so secure behind its sea walls that home defence has been accorded the lowest [division/split] of resources .

Even the most experienced managers can not tell how , when and in which projects delays are going to occur ; the wise accounting officer discounts his programmes by an arbitrary percentage judged from past experience to be sensible for his particular field of responsibility : that is to say he keeps in his programme some ten to twenty per cent more potential expenditure than his financial allocation theoretically allows .
even the most experienced managers can not tell how , when and in which projects delays are going to occur ; the wise accounting officer discounts his programmes by an arbitrary percentage judged from past experience to be sensible for his particular field of responsibility : that is to say he keeps in his programme some ten to twenty per cent more potential expenditure than his financial [division/split] theoretically allows .

Whitehall market forces have produced an optimum balance in the allocation of resources between the three Services .
whitehall market forces have produced an optimum balance in the [division/split] of resources between the three services .

Subsequently a Combined Anglo-American Development Trust was established to handle the procurement and allocation of uranium ore .
subsequently a combined anglo-american development trust was established to handle the procurement and [division/split] of uranium ore .

The allocation of ore was settled for the next two years in America 's favour , but the compensating exchange of information was far less liberal than the British negotiators had hoped .
the [division/split] of ore was settled for the next two years in america 's favour , but the compensating exchange of information was far less liberal than the british negotiators had hoped .

Sir John suggested that if there was a clash in the allocation of resources between a credible level of nuclear deterrence and the necessary level of conventional forces , he , for one , would support giving priority to the latter .
sir john suggested that if there was a clash in the [division/split] of resources between a credible level of nuclear deterrence and the necessary level of conventional forces , he , for one , would support giving priority to the latter .

According to the conventional thinking , what matters in such a case is the allocation of property rights .
according to the conventional thinking , what matters in such a case is the [division/split] of property rights .

The initial allocation of property rights affects the distribution of income ; in other words , if you own something , you are better off than if you do not .
the initial [division/split] of property rights affects the distribution of income ; in other words , if you own something , you are better off than if you do not .

But the allocation makes no difference at all to the amount of resources devoted to suppressing sparks .
but the [division/split] makes no difference at all to the amount of resources devoted to suppressing sparks .

Economic forces ensure that the same efficient allocation will happen in either case .
economic forces ensure that the same efficient [division/split] will happen in either case .

They would then be required to hand over the proceeds , without any strings attached , to a fund in which , under the Tolba plan , ‘ all countries would have an equal say in resource allocation .
they would then be required to hand over the proceeds , without any strings attached , to a fund in which , under the tolba plan , ‘ all countries would have an equal say in resource [division/split] .

But new funds are popping up by the day — from plain-vanilla stock funds , such as National Funds ' National Global Allocation Fund , which boasts the guru-economist Henry Kaufman as its asset allocator , to exotica such as Scudder Stevens & Clark 's Short Term Global Income Fund , which will invest in short-term debt securities .
but new funds are popping up by the day — from plain-vanilla stock funds , such as national funds ' national global [division/split] fund , which boasts the guru-economist henry kaufman as its asset allocator , to exotica such as scudder stevens & clark 's short term global income fund , which will invest in short-term debt securities .

If the ‘ Sid ’ allocation is oversubscribed 2.25 times , further shares will be scooped back from domestic institutions .
if the ‘ sid ’ [division/split] is oversubscribed 2.25 times , further shares will be scooped back from domestic institutions .

This differs from the Abbey National share allocation , where just one share allocation was permitted per saver , regardless of the number of accounts held .
this differs from the abbey national share [division/split] , where just one share [division/split] was permitted per saver , regardless of the number of accounts held .

The Guardian distribution also has the advantage over the Abbey National share allocation in that it is tax-free and net of all osts .
the guardian distribution also has the advantage over the abbey national share [division/split] in that it is tax-free and net of all osts .

The principle is a principle for the allocation of competence within a hierarchy .
the principle is a principle for the [division/split] of competence within a hierarchy .

The agreement or contract is concluded only when the Booking Allocation is despatched to you or your travel agent after receipt and acceptance of your booking .
the agreement or contract is concluded only when the booking [division/split] is despatched to you or your travel agent after receipt and acceptance of your booking .

Any money paid by you to your travel agent in respect of the holiday is held by the travel agent on your behalf until the Booking Allocation is despatched .
any money paid by you to your travel agent in respect of the holiday is held by the travel agent on your behalf until the booking [division/split] is despatched .

You must check the booking Allocation carefully and raise any queries immediately .
you must check the booking [division/split] carefully and raise any queries immediately .

Accommodation will be confirmed on your Booking allocation .
accommodation will be confirmed on your booking [division/split] .

If after our Booking Allocation has been issued , you wish to change to another of our holidays or alter your booking in any way ( e.g .
if after our booking [division/split] has been issued , you wish to change to another of our holidays or alter your booking in any way ( e.g .

The essential functional activities would be firstly , the acquisition of resources which involves the identification and securing of resources and then , secondly , the allocation of resources .
the essential functional activities would be firstly , the acquisition of resources which involves the identification and securing of resources and then , secondly , the [division/split] of resources .

Rational approaches are based on the assumption that organisations have clear objectives and resource allocation is organised in a systematic way to facilitate the achievement of those objectives .
rational approaches are based on the assumption that organisations have clear objectives and resource [division/split] is organised in a systematic way to facilitate the achievement of those objectives .

the lack of knowledge and understanding about the basis for allocation ;
the lack of knowledge and understanding about the basis for [division/split] ;

the fact that an allocation could be related to the influence of individual faculty heads .
the fact that an [division/split] could be related to the influence of individual faculty heads .

The Mathematics department felt that their allocation was being eroded as other weightings increased , so they were finally given a weighting of 1.2 .
the mathematics department felt that their [division/split] was being eroded as other weightings increased , so they were finally given a weighting of 1.2 .

As such it can be seen that this is not a zero-based allocation system or a total formula-based system .
as such it can be seen that this is not a zero-based [division/split] system or a total formula-based system .

It is not only concerned with a different method of allocation .
it is not only concerned with a different method of [division/split] .

Schools have always been involved in issues of resource management such as the allocation of capitation allowances .
schools have always been involved in issues of resource management such as the [division/split] of capitation allowances .

The potential of Belbin 's analysis for team management includes clarifying team needs when recruiting new members , allocation of roles , identifying training and development needs , constituting new teams and serving as a basis for team review .
the potential of belbin 's analysis for team management includes clarifying team needs when recruiting new members , [division/split] of roles , identifying training and development needs , constituting new teams and serving as a basis for team review .

Thus the traditional formulation of an agenda needs to be changed so that a meeting starts with clarification of purpose , agreement on timing , allocation of tasks and consolidation of process issues from previous meetings .
thus the traditional formulation of an agenda needs to be changed so that a meeting starts with clarification of purpose , agreement on timing , [division/split] of tasks and consolidation of process issues from previous meetings .

We will eliminate racial discrimination in housing allocation and improve safety on estates .
we will eliminate racial discrimination in housing [division/split] and improve safety on estates .

They had been told by Earl Spencer that there were sadly insufficient tickets for him to invite them , but Diana used her own allocation to ensure they were there .
they had been told by earl spencer that there were sadly insufficient tickets for him to invite them , but diana used her own [division/split] to ensure they were there .

Tony Fretton , the architect who had devised the original division of areas to form six units and who had advised on the allocation of flats , was retained by both Russell Mills and Juliet Mann to design the interiors of their dwellings .
tony fretton , the architect who had devised the original division of areas to form six units and who had advised on the [division/split] of flats , was retained by both russell mills and juliet mann to design the interiors of their dwellings .

In Southend , where 3,000 of the 50,000 adult males are reckoned to be Masons , it went into the case of what you might call Preferential Allocation of Council Property , and the battle of one councillor , Christopher Hudson , to break the grip of the men on the Square : ‘ We ca n't have a secret society operating within the framework of a democracy , ’ he said .
in southend , where 3,000 of the 50,000 adult males are reckoned to be masons , it went into the case of what you might call preferential [division/split] of council property , and the battle of one councillor , christopher hudson , to break the grip of the men on the square : ‘ we ca n't have a secret society operating within the framework of a democracy , ’ he said .

At this stage , too , the allocation of parts and the standard of performance is becoming a lot more competitive — a foretaste of the profession itself .
at this stage , too , the [division/split] of parts and the standard of performance is becoming a lot more competitive — a foretaste of the profession itself .

We see the allocation of the scarce resource of our last terrestrial channel as a matter worth serious discussion , and seek in it an answer to the perceived shortcomings of the existing Channels .
we see the [division/split] of the scarce resource of our last terrestrial channel as a matter worth serious discussion , and seek in it an answer to the perceived shortcomings of the existing channels .

The post-war bulge , which had exacerbated discontent with the procedure for allocation to secondary schools in the late fifties , had now arrived at the gates of higher education .
the post-war bulge , which had exacerbated discontent with the procedure for [division/split] to secondary schools in the late fifties , had now arrived at the gates of higher education .

‘ Fine streaming ’ — the allocation of pupils , according to their general ability , to classes in which they remained for all subjects — declined in favour .
‘ fine streaming ’ — the [division/split] of pupils , according to their general ability , to classes in which they remained for all subjects — declined in favour .

Why , we asked innocently , could not the allocation from the two Departments be put together to match the £2 million original asking price for Mentmore ?
why , we asked innocently , could not the [division/split] from the two departments be put together to match the £2 million original asking price for mentmore ?

No , no , we were told , the Department of Education and Science had numerous other potential commitments and could never commit its entire allocation to one collection .
no , no , we were told , the department of education and science had numerous other potential commitments and could never commit its entire [division/split] to one collection .

‘ There is special allocation of places for tourists . ’
‘ there is special [division/split] of places for tourists . ’

Without considering the individual cases , he was to have decided whether the Government can be sued over its policy on allocation of resources .
without considering the individual cases , he was to have decided whether the government can be sued over its policy on [division/split] of resources .

Authorities , borrowing heavily to meet budget shortfalls caused by non-payment , concede that the system is creaking , with collection and rebate allocation well behind schedule after countless Government amendments .
authorities , borrowing heavily to meet budget shortfalls caused by non-payment , concede that the system is creaking , with collection and rebate [division/split] well behind schedule after countless government amendments .

Mr John MacGregor , the Education Secretary , intends to announce the capital allocation to LEAs this week .
mr john macgregor , the education secretary , intends to announce the capital [division/split] to leas this week .

research information for strategic decisions such as the allocation of company resources between countries , products and markets . As such , this information goes beyond pure marketing requirements ;
research information for strategic decisions such as the [division/split] of company resources between countries , products and markets . as such , this information goes beyond pure marketing requirements ;

If more output is obtained from the same manpower — which it is here contended could and should happen — then the allocation of resources so far as manpower is concerned will be unaffected .
if more output is obtained from the same manpower — which it is here contended could and should happen — then the [division/split] of resources so far as manpower is concerned will be unaffected .

The villagization programme was an expensive allocation of development resources , as well as a political disaster .
the villagization programme was an expensive [division/split] of development resources , as well as a political disaster .

In contrast , in countries as distinct as Nigeria and Zambia , governments have supported the indigenous African entrepreneurs who benefited from these restraints on their potential competitors by a range of credit facilities and the judicious allocation of contracts .
in contrast , in countries as distinct as nigeria and zambia , governments have supported the indigenous african entrepreneurs who benefited from these restraints on their potential competitors by a range of credit facilities and the judicious [division/split] of contracts .

This process has diminished the role which experienced local skills and capital could have played , and even the allocation of opportunities to the indigenous entrepreneur has seldom been fairhanded , and free of localism and corruption .
this process has diminished the role which experienced local skills and capital could have played , and even the [division/split] of opportunities to the indigenous entrepreneur has seldom been fairhanded , and free of localism and corruption .

Numerous conditions may be attached to the donor 's disbursement of funds , such as the allocation of manpower to the project , or a change in pricing policy .
numerous conditions may be attached to the donor 's disbursement of funds , such as the [division/split] of manpower to the project , or a change in pricing policy .

The situation will only improve if first , recipient governments are able to allocate a higher proportion of the time of capable civil servants to the allocation of in-coming aid ; second , if donor governments and agencies dovetail their country lending programmes more closely with the medium-term budgetary plans of the recipient countries ; and third , if recipient governments are more careful in interpreting the priorities of their own small farmers and other small-scale producers .
the situation will only improve if first , recipient governments are able to allocate a higher proportion of the time of capable civil servants to the [division/split] of in-coming aid ; second , if donor governments and agencies dovetail their country lending programmes more closely with the medium-term budgetary plans of the recipient countries ; and third , if recipient governments are more careful in interpreting the priorities of their own small farmers and other small-scale producers .

In the first case aid has frequently freed government revenue for purposes very different to those the donors would support ( a new presidential palace , a larger army , a new capital city ) ; in the second case corruption has affected the allocation of contracts in ways which damage project execution .
in the first case aid has frequently freed government revenue for purposes very different to those the donors would support ( a new presidential palace , a larger army , a new capital city ) ; in the second case corruption has affected the [division/split] of contracts in ways which damage project execution .

Motability is not connected with the allocation of mobility supplement , which is controlled by the War Pensions Directorate of the Department of Social Security at Blackpool .
motability is not connected with the [division/split] of mobility supplement , which is controlled by the war pensions directorate of the department of social security at blackpool .

But a Prime Minister 's power of appointment is not limited to the selection of ministers ; equally important is the allocation to Particular posts .
but a prime minister 's power of appointment is not limited to the selection of ministers ; equally important is the [division/split] to particular posts .

At such a point , the system implied by the technology of production — the kinship system , the system of property allocation , the political system , and the State — come into contradiction with each other , and in this way lead to the end of one stage and the appearance of another .
at such a point , the system implied by the technology of production — the kinship system , the system of property [division/split] , the political system , and the state — come into contradiction with each other , and in this way lead to the end of one stage and the appearance of another .

‘ The allocation of millions of dollars a year in research funds was an informal backroom affair among compatible technocrats , high-priced consulting firms , and politicians , conducted outside the glare of public scrutiny . ’
‘ the [division/split] of millions of dollars a year in research funds was an informal backroom affair among compatible technocrats , high-priced consulting firms , and politicians , conducted outside the glare of public scrutiny . ’

Within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .
within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant [division/split] might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .

Although these techniques developed by Sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the optimum allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .
although these techniques developed by sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the optimum [division/split] of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the [division/split] of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .

The data comprised some thirty variables , including basic personal data , referral and allocation , assessment , service provision , details of continuing involvement and re-referral .
the data comprised some thirty variables , including basic personal data , referral and [division/split] , assessment , service provision , details of continuing involvement and re-referral .

Data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( allocation and assessment ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .
data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( [division/split] and assessment ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .

Immediate response ( allocation and visiting ) can be distinguished from ultimate response ( recommending and activating service-provision ) .
immediate response ( [division/split] and visiting ) can be distinguished from ultimate response ( recommending and activating service-provision ) .

Consequently , primary prevention within a social work context may be seen as action which prevents the need for allocation of client status ( Benn , 1976 ; Richards , 1987 ) .
consequently , primary prevention within a social work context may be seen as action which prevents the need for [division/split] of client status ( benn , 1976 ; richards , 1987 ) .

This allocation of power by Pepin was probably based upon his recognition of a feud between Charles and Carloman who , of course , remained unfriendly towards one another after their respective crownings and inheritances .
this [division/split] of power by pepin was probably based upon his recognition of a feud between charles and carloman who , of course , remained unfriendly towards one another after their respective crownings and inheritances .

The Allocation of Foreign Exchange
the [division/split] of foreign exchange

For many years the Yugoslav system of allocation was to allow exporters to retain a certain proportion of their foreign exchange earnings and to surrender the remainder to the National Bank .
for many years the yugoslav system of [division/split] was to allow exporters to retain a certain proportion of their foreign exchange earnings and to surrender the remainder to the national bank .

But this elaborate system of administrative allocation was not applied in practice , because there was not enough foreign exchange to meet all the ‘ socially verified needs ’ .
but this elaborate system of administrative [division/split] was not applied in practice , because there was not enough foreign exchange to meet all the ‘ socially verified needs ’ .

Like most radio services , paging is limited by the regulatory authorities ' allocation of frequencies , which tend to differ from country to country .
like most radio services , paging is limited by the regulatory authorities ' [division/split] of frequencies , which tend to differ from country to country .

Latin America during and after the Spanish Conquest , Boserup 1965 : 62–63 ) have led to a coarsening of agricultural technology , a labour-saving cropping pattern , and an allocation of labour which can encourage soil erosion ( e.g .
latin america during and after the spanish conquest , boserup 1965 : 62–63 ) have led to a coarsening of agricultural technology , a labour-saving cropping pattern , and an [division/split] of labour which can encourage soil erosion ( e.g .

This unit is the smallest one which collectively makes decisions about its allocation of labour and other privately controlled resources ( though it may not necessarily own them , in the sense implied by private property ) .
this unit is the smallest one which collectively makes decisions about its [division/split] of labour and other privately controlled resources ( though it may not necessarily own them , in the sense implied by private property ) .

Structuralism was able to use the nouveaux romanciers denial of an autobiographical motivation and its allocation of an apparently more active role to the reader as an illustration of the ‘ death of the author ’ criterion , while the difficult question of referentiality would be echoed by many of the novelists themselves in critical debate .
structuralism was able to use the nouveaux romanciers denial of an autobiographical motivation and its [division/split] of an apparently more active role to the reader as an illustration of the ‘ death of the author ’ criterion , while the difficult question of referentiality would be echoed by many of the novelists themselves in critical debate .

Unionist control of local government was resented because it represented minority control and the resentment was kept alive by accusations of discrimination in the allocation of council jobs and housing .
unionist control of local government was resented because it represented minority control and the resentment was kept alive by accusations of discrimination in the [division/split] of council jobs and housing .

Between four thousand and five thousand people took part and the demands of the rally were for a crash housing programme , a fair points system for the allocation of houses and legal control over the letting of furnished accommodation .
between four thousand and five thousand people took part and the demands of the rally were for a crash housing programme , a fair points system for the [division/split] of houses and legal control over the letting of furnished accommodation .

The two sides were vying for the third spot behind Wakefield and Orrell in the Northern Division allocation for the national finals to be played at Bath on April 26 .
the two sides were vying for the third spot behind wakefield and orrell in the northern division [division/split] for the national finals to be played at bath on april 26 .

Northampton have sold their 3,500 allocation and Leicester advise those without tickets to stay away .
northampton have sold their 3,500 [division/split] and leicester advise those without tickets to stay away .

Such are the complexities of the three-year allocation of points in the Sony world rankings that Faldo lost everything he had gained from his Masters victory of 1989 and has consequently dropped to fourth .
such are the complexities of the three-year [division/split] of points in the sony world rankings that faldo lost everything he had gained from his masters victory of 1989 and has consequently dropped to fourth .

Out of the thirteen which still had a formal Railfreight allocation in 1989 , many had become specialised bases for traction belonging to a particular sub-sector .
out of the thirteen which still had a formal railfreight [division/split] in 1989 , many had become specialised bases for traction belonging to a particular sub-sector .

Of the total £68.1 million allocation for community care grants , £67.4 million was spent .
of the total £68.1 million [division/split] for community care grants , £67.4 million was spent .

For loans the total allocation was £160.4 million of which £27.8 million was awarded for crisis loans and £128.4 million for budgeting loans .
for loans the total [division/split] was £160.4 million of which £27.8 million was awarded for crisis loans and £128.4 million for budgeting loans .

Hong Kong government officials shudder privately at the thought of having to organise the allocation .
hong kong government officials shudder privately at the thought of having to organise the [division/split] .

With 500 share sorters working round the clock , however , small investors could see their allocation rise to a ceiling of nearly 50 per cent if the issue is 2.25 times oversubscribed .
with 500 share sorters working round the clock , however , small investors could see their [division/split] rise to a ceiling of nearly 50 per cent if the issue is 2.25 times oversubscribed .

But only those applying for small amounts of shares are likely to see their allocation met in full .
but only those applying for small amounts of shares are likely to see their [division/split] met in full .

The main casualty of yesterday 's ‘ clawback ’ will be the Japanese institution Daiwa , which is to take most of the overseas allocation .
the main casualty of yesterday 's ‘ clawback ’ will be the japanese institution daiwa , which is to take most of the overseas [division/split] .

With 500 share sorters working round the clock , however , small investors could see their allocation rise to a ceiling of nearly 50 per cent if the issue is 2.25 times oversubscribed .
with 500 share sorters working round the clock , however , small investors could see their [division/split] rise to a ceiling of nearly 50 per cent if the issue is 2.25 times oversubscribed .

But only those applying for small amounts of shares are likely to see their allocation met in full .
but only those applying for small amounts of shares are likely to see their [division/split] met in full .

The main casualty of yesterday 's ‘ clawback ’ will be the Japanese institution Daiwa , which is to take most of the overseas allocation .
the main casualty of yesterday 's ‘ clawback ’ will be the japanese institution daiwa , which is to take most of the overseas [division/split] .

Stockbrokers , particularly those offering a cut-price service , will generally only deal with proof of ownership , such as letters of allocation .
stockbrokers , particularly those offering a cut-price service , will generally only deal with proof of ownership , such as letters of [division/split] .

But investors will need letters of allocation to deal .
but investors will need letters of [division/split] to deal .

Most stockbrokers , will only deal with proof of ownership , such as letters of allocation .
most stockbrokers , will only deal with proof of ownership , such as letters of [division/split] .

But investors will need letters of allocation to deal .
but investors will need letters of [division/split] to deal .

The vital dates are : December 11 — allocation of shares to be announced by 5pm .
the vital dates are : december 11 — [division/split] of shares to be announced by 5pm .

Almost 60 Tories have signed two early day motions calling for quality to be as important as money in franchise allocation .
almost 60 tories have signed two early day motions calling for quality to be as important as money in franchise [division/split] .

The allocation in the budget of an annual sum for marketing helps in the setting of targets and provides greater control for all .
the [division/split] in the budget of an annual sum for marketing helps in the setting of targets and provides greater control for all .

and the difference principle according to which everyone should enjoy equal allocation of the other primary goods ( i.e .
and the difference principle according to which everyone should enjoy equal [division/split] of the other primary goods ( i.e .

‘ The technological imperative ’ meets ‘ the allocation of resources ’ , two aphorisms which mask an incredibly difficult set of problems .
‘ the technological imperative ’ meets ‘ the [division/split] of resources ’ , two aphorisms which mask an incredibly difficult set of problems .

the potential or real imbalance in expenditure which technology introduces into the allocation of resources in health care generally . Money spent on machines or intensive care units or renal dialysis , and on staff for these , is money which is not available for other health and medical services ;
the potential or real imbalance in expenditure which technology introduces into the [division/split] of resources in health care generally . money spent on machines or intensive care units or renal dialysis , and on staff for these , is money which is not available for other health and medical services ;

Some would flinch at such language as a description of how medical resources are allocated , but would agree with what is behind it , that rational allocation or planning is an illusion .
some would flinch at such language as a description of how medical resources are allocated , but would agree with what is behind it , that rational [division/split] or planning is an illusion .

So it is possible to look for ways of ordering our responses to technology and resource allocation in a morally responsible way ; and , being possible , it is our duty to do so .
so it is possible to look for ways of ordering our responses to technology and resource [division/split] in a morally responsible way ; and , being possible , it is our duty to do so .

Two questions then emerge . What moral principles are relevant to resource allocation in the context of the technological imperative ? Second , once identified , can they be of any use in helping us solve real-life issues ? Or are they no more than generalized exhortations , the playthings of ethicists , who love to pontificate , because that is all they are good for ?
two questions then emerge . what moral principles are relevant to resource [division/split] in the context of the technological imperative ? second , once identified , can they be of any use in helping us solve real-life issues ? or are they no more than generalized exhortations , the playthings of ethicists , who love to pontificate , because that is all they are good for ?

Notice that talk of caring about the weakest and most vulnerable first may already , even when expressed so generally , have important implications for any consideration of the allocation of scarce technological resources to the care , for example , of neonates .
notice that talk of caring about the weakest and most vulnerable first may already , even when expressed so generally , have important implications for any consideration of the [division/split] of scarce technological resources to the care , for example , of neonates .

So , if we are concerned with what constitutes a just allocation of resources , my prescription , at the very least , would call for policies aimed at ensuring , as far as possible , that everyone had an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net welfare of society .
so , if we are concerned with what constitutes a just [division/split] of resources , my prescription , at the very least , would call for policies aimed at ensuring , as far as possible , that everyone had an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net welfare of society .

More , or even enough , of it may exhaust the allocation of resources for paediatric care .
more , or even enough , of it may exhaust the [division/split] of resources for paediatric care .

Conversely , the ethically proper allocation of funds to health , as compared to education or defence , is quintessentially an issue for political debate , and can not properly be left for individuals in the trenches to fight over , when they have no knowledge or view of the larger issues .
conversely , the ethically proper [division/split] of funds to health , as compared to education or defence , is quintessentially an issue for political debate , and can not properly be left for individuals in the trenches to fight over , when they have no knowledge or view of the larger issues .

It means , by contrast , that when we talk of the technological imperative and resource allocation , we must realize that we are talking about the political process , and understand what this involves .
it means , by contrast , that when we talk of the technological imperative and resource [division/split] , we must realize that we are talking about the political process , and understand what this involves .

The evidence that has emerged since then , however , points to a major discrepancy between the Government 's promises of action and the allocation of resources to implement them ( Robson , 1988 ) .
the evidence that has emerged since then , however , points to a major discrepancy between the government 's promises of action and the [division/split] of resources to implement them ( robson , 1988 ) .

stress on resource allocation issues , emphasizing high demand for services by defined categories of users ; and
stress on resource [division/split] issues , emphasizing high demand for services by defined categories of users ; and

The allocation of a reserve day for all One-day Internationals over 55 overs .
the [division/split] of a reserve day for all one-day internationals over 55 overs .

Under this particular case the Commission held that the unfettered right of allocation of these authorities went towards creating a police state ( Report of the Commission , 5 November 1969 , Yearbook 12 , p.170 ) .
under this particular case the commission held that the unfettered right of [division/split] of these authorities went towards creating a police state ( report of the commission , 5 november 1969 , yearbook 12 , p.170 ) .

Gentrification activity was indicated by a substantial reduction in properties without exclusive plumbing between 1970 and 1980 and by a disproportionate allocation of Historic Preservation Grants .
gentrification activity was indicated by a substantial reduction in properties without exclusive plumbing between 1970 and 1980 and by a disproportionate [division/split] of historic preservation grants .

Understandably , this follows government programme allocation ( in some cases the programme will have funded the rehabilitation work ) , but there is also a correlation with prior revitalisation experience .
understandably , this follows government programme [division/split] ( in some cases the programme will have funded the rehabilitation work ) , but there is also a correlation with prior revitalisation experience .

The nature of community representation in Pittsburgh has been such that , while obliged to consult groups over the allocation of federally originating money , only one group per neighbourhood was consulted .
the nature of community representation in pittsburgh has been such that , while obliged to consult groups over the [division/split] of federally originating money , only one group per neighbourhood was consulted .

This improved allocation of resources should raise real output in the economy as a whole .
this improved [division/split] of resources should raise real output in the economy as a whole .

Direct budgeted allocation of resources will aid , encourage and allow planned systematic training .
direct budgeted [division/split] of resources will aid , encourage and allow planned systematic training .

Outer London authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in allocation of money : only Wales and Northern Ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while Northern Ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .
outer london authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in [division/split] of money : only wales and northern ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while northern ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .

One of the recommendations of The Library Association Working Party on Training was that ‘ training is an integral activity in the achievement of a library system 's objectives and this should be properly recognised in the allocation of resources ’ .
one of the recommendations of the library association working party on training was that ‘ training is an integral activity in the achievement of a library system 's objectives and this should be properly recognised in the [division/split] of resources ’ .

In practice , the allocation of money appears to show quite considerable variations between libraries of different types and sizes , and also within libraries of the same type and size .
in practice , the [division/split] of money appears to show quite considerable variations between libraries of different types and sizes , and also within libraries of the same type and size .

However , this does not necessarily ensure that in practice ‘ the allocation of [ training ] responsibilities , which will be different in every organisation , [ will be ] clear and unambiguous ’ , or that the training will be planned and implemented , systematically and uniformly .
however , this does not necessarily ensure that in practice ‘ the [division/split] of [ training ] responsibilities , which will be different in every organisation , [ will be ] clear and unambiguous ’ , or that the training will be planned and implemented , systematically and uniformly .

There was a relationship between the amount of training undertaken and allocation of a staff member 's time , so that all of the 27 authorities who employed specifically named training officers engaged in a higher than average number of training programmes .
there was a relationship between the amount of training undertaken and [division/split] of a staff member 's time , so that all of the 27 authorities who employed specifically named training officers engaged in a higher than average number of training programmes .

The leaders of the new state — Ignacy Paderewski and Roman Dmowski — were campaigning vigorously for an even bigger allocation of German territory .
the leaders of the new state — ignacy paderewski and roman dmowski — were campaigning vigorously for an even bigger [division/split] of german territory .

In the case of parish , town and community councils the Minister makes each year a block allocation of funds for capital expenditure borrowing , which is administered by the National Association of Local Councils .
in the case of parish , town and community councils the minister makes each year a block [division/split] of funds for capital expenditure borrowing , which is administered by the national association of local councils .

Each also endeavours to influence the Secretary of State in his allocation of rate support grants .
each also endeavours to influence the secretary of state in his [division/split] of rate support grants .

These negative attitudes permeate decisions about crucial issues such as the allocation of resources , particularly the resources of skilled and experienced staff .
these negative attitudes permeate decisions about crucial issues such as the [division/split] of resources , particularly the resources of skilled and experienced staff .

There are no simplistic formulae for judging the ‘ correct ’ proportions for the allocation of funding or for resolving contradictions inherent in the situation .
there are no simplistic formulae for judging the ‘ correct ’ proportions for the [division/split] of funding or for resolving contradictions inherent in the situation .

Just as the size of the bookfund determines the overall standard of stock provision that can be achieved , its allocation within the authority should determine the standard of provision for particular categories of stock .
just as the size of the bookfund determines the overall standard of stock provision that can be achieved , its [division/split] within the authority should determine the standard of provision for particular categories of stock .

Effective allocation of funds , and subsequent monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .
effective [division/split] of funds , and subsequent monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .

The American Library Association 's Guidelines for the allocation of library materials budgets gives a useful discussion of the principles of allocation without attempting any practical recommendations .
the american library association 's guidelines for the [division/split] of library materials budgets gives a useful discussion of the principles of [division/split] without attempting any practical recommendations .

In Britain , the lack of any national guidelines for allocation , and the reluctance of librarians to air the subject in the professional press , have contributed towards a situation where , in many public library authorities , there is a distinct credibility gap between policy and achievement .
in britain , the lack of any national guidelines for [division/split] , and the reluctance of librarians to air the subject in the professional press , have contributed towards a situation where , in many public library authorities , there is a distinct credibility gap between policy and achievement .

Whatever the basis of allocation , small service points will need an additional weighting if they are to maintain a reasonable range of materials .
whatever the basis of [division/split] , small service points will need an additional weighting if they are to maintain a reasonable range of materials .

This allocation is variously known as the contingency fund or the reserve ( or in at least one authority as ‘ the slosh ’ ) .
this [division/split] is variously known as the contingency fund or the reserve ( or in at least one authority as ‘ the slosh ’ ) .

Such an allocation commonly absorbs about 10 % –20 % of the bookfund .
such an [division/split] commonly absorbs about 10 % –20 % of the bookfund .

As suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . Amongst criteria commonly used are :
as suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if [division/split] is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . amongst criteria commonly used are :

Alternatively , some subjects may be best served by the building up of circulating subject collections , for which special allocation would generally be made .
alternatively , some subjects may be best served by the building up of circulating subject collections , for which special [division/split] would generally be made .

An allocation is usually set aside to cover the purchase of readers ' requests ( for older material ) .
an [division/split] is usually set aside to cover the purchase of readers ' requests ( for older material ) .

This brief résumé of methods of allocation omits an important area which is rarely controlled through financial allocation , yet which certainly needs to be subjected to some form of central control .
this brief résumé of methods of [division/split] omits an important area which is rarely controlled through financial [division/split] , yet which certainly needs to be subjected to some form of central control .

Resource allocation — between types of material and/or between subjects ( or departments ) — is a function of library policy , and has a profound effect upon collection development .
resource [division/split] — between types of material and/or between subjects ( or departments ) — is a function of library policy , and has a profound effect upon collection development .

Allocation decisions are made by the Librarian , or by the Librarian in conjunction with the library committee ( largely comprised of academics ) , or by the library committee alone .
[division/split] decisions are made by the librarian , or by the librarian in conjunction with the library committee ( largely comprised of academics ) , or by the library committee alone .

She found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .
she found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund [division/split] ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .

Statistical information , principally loan counts , is analysed by category of borrowers and by department ( to show the characteristics of active readership ) and by subject ( for purposes of fund allocation ) .
statistical information , principally loan counts , is analysed by category of borrowers and by department ( to show the characteristics of active readership ) and by subject ( for purposes of fund [division/split] ) .

These are used , for instance , to determine whether the same items keep cropping up and require duplication or allocation to short loan collections , and also to identify missing titles and replace them .
these are used , for instance , to determine whether the same items keep cropping up and require duplication or [division/split] to short loan collections , and also to identify missing titles and replace them .

Examples given are : a league table of the use of each title in the main library and the short loans collection , to determine titles that should be duplicated or marked for reference use ; a record of items never used , for relegation purposes ; records of the use of books by subject , including interdisciplinary use , for purposes of fund allocation ; and analysis of the use of books by date of publication , to determine obsolescence parameters .
examples given are : a league table of the use of each title in the main library and the short loans collection , to determine titles that should be duplicated or marked for reference use ; a record of items never used , for relegation purposes ; records of the use of books by subject , including interdisciplinary use , for purposes of fund [division/split] ; and analysis of the use of books by date of publication , to determine obsolescence parameters .

Others divide up the bookfund on a departmental basis and leave the librarian only a minimal allocation to balance up departmental orders .
others divide up the bookfund on a departmental basis and leave the librarian only a minimal [division/split] to balance up departmental orders .

Alternatively , departments have an allocation , while the library retains a generous contingency fund .
alternatively , departments have an [division/split] , while the library retains a generous contingency fund .

These duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .
these duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; [division/split] of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .

The bookseller is recompensed for his trouble with a generous allocation of orders .
the bookseller is recompensed for his trouble with a generous [division/split] of orders .

There could be no better way of demonstrating the variety of tasks that normally falls on the shoulders of a manager than to reproduce in full in Figure 4.1 the ‘ Allocation of Jobs ’ list that the collective bureau at Charing Cross uses .
there could be no better way of demonstrating the variety of tasks that normally falls on the shoulders of a manager than to reproduce in full in figure 4.1 the ‘ [division/split] of jobs ’ list that the collective bureau at charing cross uses .

For example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in Fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the College allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the appropriate level of education .
for example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the college [division/split] of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the appropriate level of education .

Allocation of resources
[division/split] of resources

The actual methodology employed in the new proposals for the allocation of funding has given rise to some concern ( Mays , 1989 ) .
the actual methodology employed in the new proposals for the [division/split] of funding has given rise to some concern ( mays , 1989 ) .

Each district would receive a needs-based , per capita allocation .
each district would receive a needs-based , per capita [division/split] .

It has been pointed out ( Akehurst and Drummond , 1989 ) that , while managers take some of the decisions controlling resource allocation , such as the nature of the ‘ hotel ’ facilities in hospitals , the major resource allocators are the doctors .
it has been pointed out ( akehurst and drummond , 1989 ) that , while managers take some of the decisions controlling resource [division/split] , such as the nature of the ‘ hotel ’ facilities in hospitals , the major resource allocators are the doctors .

To remedy this , a major restoration project is now under way , financed by an allocation of funds from the National Lottery .
to remedy this , a major restoration project is now under way , financed by an [division/split] of funds from the national lottery .

It is probably time that this was reconsidered ; in secondary schools it has led to absurdities like the daily dose , the thirty-five minute lesson , and the conviction that , though all subjects are theoretically equal ( hence the standard four period per week allocation ) some ( English and maths ) are more equal than others , and need a longer allocation .
it is probably time that this was reconsidered ; in secondary schools it has led to absurdities like the daily dose , the thirty-five minute lesson , and the conviction that , though all subjects are theoretically equal ( hence the standard four period per week [division/split] ) some ( english and maths ) are more equal than others , and need a longer [division/split] .

It follows that schools will need to re-think their allocation and use of teacher time .
it follows that schools will need to re-think their [division/split] and use of teacher time .

The impact of the National Curriculum and all the changes it brings with it gives heads a pressing reason — just as Mr Baker 's off-the-peg allocation of incentive allowances gives them an opportunity — to review the structures and responsibilities of management in their schools .
the impact of the national curriculum and all the changes it brings with it gives heads a pressing reason — just as mr baker 's off-the-peg [division/split] of incentive allowances gives them an opportunity — to review the structures and responsibilities of management in their schools .

Thirdly , a recurrent theme of much criticism of local government has been that the division and allocation of responsibilities have always been unclear .
thirdly , a recurrent theme of much criticism of local government has been that the division and [division/split] of responsibilities have always been unclear .

Also described as traditional ( or incremental ) budgeting , the pragmatic approach starts with the previous year 's allocation of resources and updates them for any anticipated changes in , for example , planned activities , prices , or the total money available .
also described as traditional ( or incremental ) budgeting , the pragmatic approach starts with the previous year 's [division/split] of resources and updates them for any anticipated changes in , for example , planned activities , prices , or the total money available .

Governors should then be introduced to the budget in some detail , particularly the major headings under which spending is planned and thus to the benefits or problems raised by this allocation . For example , heads might want to point out to governors :
governors should then be introduced to the budget in some detail , particularly the major headings under which spending is planned and thus to the benefits or problems raised by this [division/split] . for example , heads might want to point out to governors :

Equally , inspectors and advisors will be involved in helping schools and colleges plan for in-service needs and the allocation of resources received through education support grants , preparation of curriculum statements , advice , monitoring and inspections .
equally , inspectors and advisors will be involved in helping schools and colleges plan for in-service needs and the [division/split] of resources received through education support grants , preparation of curriculum statements , advice , monitoring and inspections .

One of the purposes was to identify examples of effective resource allocation with a view to establishing a training programme that would enable others to gain similar skills .
one of the purposes was to identify examples of effective resource [division/split] with a view to establishing a training programme that would enable others to gain similar skills .

the changes in resource allocation before and after financial devolution ;
the changes in resource [division/split] before and after financial devolution ;

Resource allocation
resource [division/split]

There seemed to have been a real shift from the closed systems of resource allocation that tended to exist before devolution , systems where a person , usually the head , made all the decision about capitation .
there seemed to have been a real shift from the closed systems of resource [division/split] that tended to exist before devolution , systems where a person , usually the head , made all the decision about capitation .

In schools where the head had encouraged the staff to take part in decision-making , leading to finance allocation , he/she was frequently disappointed by the apparent unwillingness of the staff to get involved .
in schools where the head had encouraged the staff to take part in decision-making , leading to finance [division/split] , he/she was frequently disappointed by the apparent unwillingness of the staff to get involved .

The key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , As a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .
the key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental [division/split] , as a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .

a ) Send the items at ( b ) below to the Tattoo Office in the first instance ( for allocation of Tattoo tickets ) .
a ) send the items at ( b ) below to the tattoo office in the first instance ( for [division/split] of tattoo tickets ) .

As this is no longer a public holiday , many people arrange either to work on a Bank Holiday in order to have this day off or they take a day of their holiday allocation .
as this is no longer a public holiday , many people arrange either to work on a bank holiday in order to have this day off or they take a day of their holiday [division/split] .

The weighing , recording and allocation of prizes goes on until about 4pm , when the winning berries go on display until 7.30pm .
the weighing , recording and [division/split] of prizes goes on until about 4pm , when the winning berries go on display until 7.30pm .

According to a recent survey , students buy an average of 11.33 books a year for their courses — three each of set texts and recommended books , and five further academic titles , When one considers that British academic books in 1982 cost an average of £21.76 for science and technology titles , it would seem that , contrary to popular belief , students are spending more than their grant allocation .
according to a recent survey , students buy an average of 11.33 books a year for their courses — three each of set texts and recommended books , and five further academic titles , when one considers that british academic books in 1982 cost an average of £21.76 for science and technology titles , it would seem that , contrary to popular belief , students are spending more than their grant [division/split] .

Under many circumstances , the evolutionarily stable allocation to male and female reproductive functions should be about the same .
under many circumstances , the evolutionarily stable [division/split] to male and female reproductive functions should be about the same .

However , the sex allocation theory that Eric Charnov has developed in his embracing monograph has further implications .
however , the sex [division/split] theory that eric charnov has developed in his embracing monograph has further implications .

As is the case with the parasitic wasp , it seems that sex allocation is occurring in response to environmental variation .
as is the case with the parasitic wasp , it seems that sex [division/split] is occurring in response to environmental variation .

The beauty of Charnov 's book is that it uses one simple theoretical technique , hat of the evolutionary stable strategy , to tackle apparently disparate problems in sex allocation theory .
the beauty of charnov 's book is that it uses one simple theoretical technique , hat of the evolutionary stable strategy , to tackle apparently disparate problems in sex [division/split] theory .

Furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called Shaw-Mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex function .
furthermore , the equilibrium [division/split] often reduces to the so-called shaw-mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex function .

Within this framework , Charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .
within this framework , charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium [division/split] of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the [division/split] to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .

Parts are telegraphic , and clarity is sometimes sacrificed for brevity , as with Charnov 's treatment of the graphical approach to sex allocation theory in Chapter 3 .
parts are telegraphic , and clarity is sometimes sacrificed for brevity , as with charnov 's treatment of the graphical approach to sex [division/split] theory in chapter 3 .

Nevertheless , such criticisms are minor compared with the achievements of this book , It is the first book to deal comprehensively with sex allocation theory , and it will surely remain a classic for years to come .
nevertheless , such criticisms are minor compared with the achievements of this book , it is the first book to deal comprehensively with sex [division/split] theory , and it will surely remain a classic for years to come .

Because of the drought , cotton farmers in north-western New South Wales are receiving only 10 per cent of their normal allocation of water from irrigation projects , while the cost of water has risen by as much as 30 per cent .
because of the drought , cotton farmers in north-western new south wales are receiving only 10 per cent of their normal [division/split] of water from irrigation projects , while the cost of water has risen by as much as 30 per cent .

For allocation of resources is an area where conservatism of approach ( 'each child must have a textbook ' ) tends to combine with administrative convenience and often with the commercial interests of publishers and suppliers to ensure that limited financial resources available to schools are not used to their best advantage .
for [division/split] of resources is an area where conservatism of approach ( 'each child must have a textbook ' ) tends to combine with administrative convenience and often with the commercial interests of publishers and suppliers to ensure that limited financial resources available to schools are not used to their best advantage .

Consequently , syllabuses and teachers ' guides which depend on the full official time allocation for their completion , and many do , are doomed to failure , whereas a shorter and more manageable core , with optional and enrichment materials for better endowed schools and better teachers would ensure that minimum content was taught .
consequently , syllabuses and teachers ' guides which depend on the full official time [division/split] for their completion , and many do , are doomed to failure , whereas a shorter and more manageable core , with optional and enrichment materials for better endowed schools and better teachers would ensure that minimum content was taught .

Obvious indicators are the books schools or parents buy for children and the priority in which they buy them , the volume of work in exercise books and the care with which it is corrected as well as the actual , as distinct from the official , allocation of teaching time .
obvious indicators are the books schools or parents buy for children and the priority in which they buy them , the volume of work in exercise books and the care with which it is corrected as well as the actual , as distinct from the official , [division/split] of teaching time .

Dominant ideologies are just such broad processes : at least , in the context of our discussion , they are abstract conceptualisations of broad processes having to do with the management and allocation of resources , power and authority .
dominant ideologies are just such broad processes : at least , in the context of our discussion , they are abstract conceptualisations of broad processes having to do with the management and [division/split] of resources , power and authority .

Were he equipped with nothing but his hereditary instincts , unaffected by the influence of the centuries of the civilising process , it is very probable that he would instinctively distribute the allocation of his abilities first to the ensurance of his own personal well-being , then to the provision of a home of some sort , next to the care of his mate , then to his children and finally to the community in which he exists .
were he equipped with nothing but his hereditary instincts , unaffected by the influence of the centuries of the civilising process , it is very probable that he would instinctively distribute the [division/split] of his abilities first to the ensurance of his own personal well-being , then to the provision of a home of some sort , next to the care of his mate , then to his children and finally to the community in which he exists .

This must be born in mind if and when the allocation of units is under consideration .
this must be born in mind if and when the [division/split] of units is under consideration .

Time allocation is the next consideration .
time [division/split] is the next consideration .

Reference to the work plan and timetable during the course of the project will also be necessary in order to assess progress and consider resource allocation .
reference to the work plan and timetable during the course of the project will also be necessary in order to assess progress and consider resource [division/split] .

Not dissimilar from the system known as critical path analysis , the approach envisaged should show a time-scale allocation against each task .
not dissimilar from the system known as critical path analysis , the approach envisaged should show a time-scale [division/split] against each task .

However , many firms take a fairly robust approach to allocation , using one overall basis ( such as space times fee income ) and as long as it is a fair allocation and does not distort fee rates , it provides a perfectly acceptable alternative to the more detailed method .
however , many firms take a fairly robust approach to [division/split] , using one overall basis ( such as space times fee income ) and as long as it is a fair [division/split] and does not distort fee rates , it provides a perfectly acceptable alternative to the more detailed method .

Large professional partnerships commonly adopt corporate strategies with regard to the determination of objectives and allocation of functions to departments and individuals .
large professional partnerships commonly adopt corporate strategies with regard to the determination of objectives and [division/split] of functions to departments and individuals .

The planning system has two basic aims : improving the allocation and the use of land and building resources , and good neighbourliness .
the planning system has two basic aims : improving the [division/split] and the use of land and building resources , and good neighbourliness .

The share of means accorded to this construction work , calculated in percentages of the total allocation to industry , has increased steadily .
the share of means accorded to this construction work , calculated in percentages of the total [division/split] to industry , has increased steadily .

Such communications may clearly show signs of similarity to our own human allocation of emotions and feelings — anger , affection , dominance and so on — but of how a chimpanzee actually feels anger , we have little comprehension .
such communications may clearly show signs of similarity to our own human [division/split] of emotions and feelings — anger , affection , dominance and so on — but of how a chimpanzee actually feels anger , we have little comprehension .

For example , one objective may be that ‘ by the end of the allocation the student will be able to plan the nursing care of a patient following cholecystectomy , based on his or her problems and needs ’ .
for example , one objective may be that ‘ by the end of the [division/split] the student will be able to plan the nursing care of a patient following cholecystectomy , based on his or her problems and needs ’ .

Because of the specialist nature of most wards , some skills will be practised by the learner only during that one allocation .
because of the specialist nature of most wards , some skills will be practised by the learner only during that one [division/split] .

Another consideration when formulating ward objectives is ‘ who is available to help to teach the students during an allocation ?
another consideration when formulating ward objectives is ‘ who is available to help to teach the students during an [division/split] ?

The allocation of work by tasks , although an efficient way of ensuring that work is completed , is unsatisfying for both the nurse and the patient .
the [division/split] of work by tasks , although an efficient way of ensuring that work is completed , is unsatisfying for both the nurse and the patient .

Students often complain that nothing has been learned from a particular allocation .
students often complain that nothing has been learned from a particular [division/split] .

Ward objectives will give her guidance in making the most of each allocation .
ward objectives will give her guidance in making the most of each [division/split] .

Some degree of ‘ task allocation ’ may become necessary , though the concept of total patient care should never be completely abandoned .
some degree of ‘ task [division/split] ’ may become necessary , though the concept of total patient care should never be completely abandoned .

By good planning and communication , the identification of priority tasks and their allocation among the members of the team , the learner is helped to work efficiently and effectively .
by good planning and communication , the identification of priority tasks and their [division/split] among the members of the team , the learner is helped to work efficiently and effectively .

Allocation of work using total patient care should secure this , but as the patient 's needs are constantly changing it may not always succeed .
[division/split] of work using total patient care should secure this , but as the patient 's needs are constantly changing it may not always succeed .

This is particularly helpful to the student at the beginning of her allocation .
this is particularly helpful to the student at the beginning of her [division/split] .

Allocation to specific wards allows the clinical teacher and ward staff to work closely together to improve learning opportunities for the student .
[division/split] to specific wards allows the clinical teacher and ward staff to work closely together to improve learning opportunities for the student .

The ward staff should understand that the primary role of the clinical teacher is to teach and to ensure that the students obtain the maximum benefit from their ward allocation .
the ward staff should understand that the primary role of the clinical teacher is to teach and to ensure that the students obtain the maximum benefit from their ward [division/split] .

As outlined at the beginning of the chapter , for the student to make full use of the learning opportunities available during a ward allocation she must be aware of what these are .
as outlined at the beginning of the chapter , for the student to make full use of the learning opportunities available during a ward [division/split] she must be aware of what these are .

An introductory letter can be sent to the learner before the allocation starts ( Table 3.1 ) .
an introductory letter can be sent to the learner before the [division/split] starts ( table 3.1 ) .

The ward sister can explain what she expects the nurse to learn during the allocation , and can set objectives .
the ward sister can explain what she expects the nurse to learn during the [division/split] , and can set objectives .

For example , she may be required to take an assessment of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the allocation , and may need extra help for this purpose .
for example , she may be required to take an assessment of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the [division/split] , and may need extra help for this purpose .

Where continuous assessment of clinical competence is used , the ward sister and student can outline their aims for the allocation .
where continuous assessment of clinical competence is used , the ward sister and student can outline their aims for the [division/split] .

An assessment of progress is essential midway through the allocation .
an assessment of progress is essential midway through the [division/split] .

During an allocation , the student will acquire new knowledge and skills , most of which will be learned in an informal and unstructured way .
during an [division/split] , the student will acquire new knowledge and skills , most of which will be learned in an informal and unstructured way .

The opportunities for the education of the student during her ward allocation must not be left to chance .
the opportunities for the education of the student during her ward [division/split] must not be left to chance .

Tutorials should be arranged during a ward allocation so that the learner covers specific subjects relevant to her clinical experience .
tutorials should be arranged during a ward [division/split] so that the learner covers specific subjects relevant to her clinical experience .

It must always be kept in mind that the nurse can not be expected to become an expert in the speciality from a short allocation .
it must always be kept in mind that the nurse can not be expected to become an expert in the speciality from a short [division/split] .

These will be stated in general terms for the whole allocation .
these will be stated in general terms for the whole [division/split] .

For example , it can be stated that ‘ By the end of the ward allocation the student will be able to catheterise a female patient , using an aseptic and atraumatic technique ’ , or ‘ By the end of the ward allocation the student will be able to identify five potential problems associated with catheterization ’ .
for example , it can be stated that ‘ by the end of the ward [division/split] the student will be able to catheterise a female patient , using an aseptic and atraumatic technique ’ , or ‘ by the end of the ward [division/split] the student will be able to identify five potential problems associated with catheterization ’ .

The programme must be available for the student to see at the beginning of her allocation .
the programme must be available for the student to see at the beginning of her [division/split] .

The workbook given to each student at the start of the allocation will provide further guidelines for learning .
the workbook given to each student at the start of the [division/split] will provide further guidelines for learning .

At the end of the allocation , the student and ward sister can review the completed workbook and the student can evaluate the effectiveness of the programme .
at the end of the [division/split] , the student and ward sister can review the completed workbook and the student can evaluate the effectiveness of the programme .

Allocation of time and facilities with ample free time for discussion is essential for effective team teaching .
[division/split] of time and facilities with ample free time for discussion is essential for effective team teaching .

Identify ‘ problems ’ for study according to learners ' current ward allocation .
identify ‘ problems ’ for study according to learners ' current ward [division/split] .

trial and error ward management problems , one example of which might be organising patient allocation for total patient care and delegating responsibilities by senior student nurses .
trial and error ward management problems , one example of which might be organising patient [division/split] for total patient care and delegating responsibilities by senior student nurses .

It is important to appreciate that money , markets and the price mechanism determine the allocation and utilisation of resources in many countries , e.g .
it is important to appreciate that money , markets and the price mechanism determine the [division/split] and utilisation of resources in many countries , e.g .

For the international economy it hopefully brings about a more efficient allocation of investment or financial resources .
for the international economy it hopefully brings about a more efficient [division/split] of investment or financial resources .

The allocation and re-allocation of major resources in an organisation
the [division/split] and re-allocation of major resources in an organisation

On the whole , they were not favoured in the allocation of regional selective assistance where there was an element of discretion on the part of the Department of Industry .
on the whole , they were not favoured in the [division/split] of regional selective assistance where there was an element of discretion on the part of the department of industry .

Much of the debate was about the allocation of relatively small sums of money to specific projects .
much of the debate was about the [division/split] of relatively small sums of money to specific projects .

The assumption seemed to be that through some mechanism or other , the additional allocation of relatively small sums to be used for capital projects would moderate the problems of the inner-urban areas .
the assumption seemed to be that through some mechanism or other , the additional [division/split] of relatively small sums to be used for capital projects would moderate the problems of the inner-urban areas .

On the other hand , the largest single allocation in virtually all the Partnerships was for social schemes , which were usually concerned with leisure projects or with providing services for the disadvantaged .
on the other hand , the largest single [division/split] in virtually all the partnerships was for social schemes , which were usually concerned with leisure projects or with providing services for the disadvantaged .

They calculated these standardized mortality rates for each cause of death , and then used them as weights in the allocation formula : areas with higher death rates from a particular disease got more money to treat that disease .
they calculated these standardized mortality rates for each cause of death , and then used them as weights in the [division/split] formula : areas with higher death rates from a particular disease got more money to treat that disease .

The nurse who admits new patients needs to explain whether or not they have been allocated to her in a patient allocation scheme ; if so , for how long she will be on duty ; and the staffing arrangements that will be made for the other two shifts .
the nurse who admits new patients needs to explain whether or not they have been allocated to her in a patient [division/split] scheme ; if so , for how long she will be on duty ; and the staffing arrangements that will be made for the other two shifts .

Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment , further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high .
simply increasing inventory for all skus would be a poor [division/split] of investment , further increasing the order-fill rate for those skus for which service levels are already high .

Starting in the late 1940s and into the present , la migra made raids in the San Joaquin Valley of California , rounding up braceros who had overstayed their contract time allocation .
starting in the late 1940s and into the present , la migra made raids in the san joaquin valley of california , rounding up braceros who had overstayed their contract time [division/split] .

This kind of efficient allocation of functions would make sense against a conception of the nation as the foundation of governmental power .
this kind of efficient [division/split] of functions would make sense against a conception of the nation as the foundation of governmental power .

Economics has considered itself the science of allocation of scarce resources .
economics has considered itself the science of [division/split] of scarce resources .

This too is the proper subject for your study , not just allocation of scarce resources and achievement of market-clearing prices .
this too is the proper subject for your study , not just [division/split] of scarce resources and achievement of market-clearing prices .

In these already overpopulated islands , where Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , allocation familiale , for each child .
in these already overpopulated islands , where roman catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , [division/split] familiale , for each child .

Meantime , the City Council proposed slashing the Mayor 's allocation of $ 62.8 million for 18-B lawyers by 66 percent , to $ 21.4 million .
meantime , the city council proposed slashing the mayor 's [division/split] of $ 62.8 million for 18-b lawyers by 66 percent , to $ 21.4 million .

Data obtained from practically oriented translational studies will help to develop guidelines for optimal resource allocation by determining the sub-population of patients for whom brief interventions are most effective .
data obtained from practically oriented translational studies will help to develop guidelines for optimal resource [division/split] by determining the sub-population of patients for whom brief interventions are most effective .

For example , we 've mentioned in previous testimony the overlapping and duplicative food safety programs in the federal government.13 While such overlap and duplication has been responsible for poor coordination and inefficient allocation of resources , these issues assume a new , and potentially more foreboding , meaning after September 11th given the threat from bio-terrorism .
for example , we 've mentioned in previous testimony the overlapping and duplicative food safety programs in the federal government.13 while such overlap and duplication has been responsible for poor coordination and inefficient [division/split] of resources , these issues assume a new , and potentially more foreboding , meaning after september 11th given the threat from bio-terrorism .

Such a reorientation might facilitate the process of linking resource allocation to results consistent with GPRA .
such a reorientation might facilitate the process of linking resource [division/split] to results consistent with gpra .

Shrinking budgets have increased competition for scarce resources , requiring managers to make tough resource allocation decisions that may affect program delivery .
shrinking budgets have increased competition for scarce resources , requiring managers to make tough resource [division/split] decisions that may affect program delivery .

In addition , Parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a Public Service Monitoring Body ( the State Services Commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .
in addition , parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource [division/split] , and , through a public service monitoring body ( the state services commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .

The Customs Service retains an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties , including all costs of operations in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and an allocation of overhead ; it transfers the remainder to the Treasury , which , in turn , transfers the collections to Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands .
the customs service retains an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties , including all costs of operations in puerto rico and the virgin islands and an [division/split] of overhead ; it transfers the remainder to the treasury , which , in turn , transfers the collections to puerto rico or the virgin islands .

Trend data should reflect the full cost ( including allocation of facility and administrative costs ) of the investment .
trend data should reflect the full cost ( including [division/split] of facility and administrative costs ) of the investment .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant use of the grant .
if [division/split] is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant use of the grant .

Expenses incurred for program costs , contracts , or grants with split purposes29 shall be reported on the basis of an allocation of the expenses .
expenses incurred for program costs , contracts , or grants with split purposes29 shall be reported on the basis of an [division/split] of the expenses .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expense or transfer .
if [division/split] is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expense or transfer .

Expenses incurred for programs , contracts , or grants with split purposes32 shall be reported on the basis of an allocation of the investment expenses .
expenses incurred for programs , contracts , or grants with split purposes32 shall be reported on the basis of an [division/split] of the investment expenses .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expenses incurred .
if [division/split] is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expenses incurred .

Expenses incurred for programs , contracts , or grants with split purposes37 shall be reported on the basis of an allocation of the investment expenses .
expenses incurred for programs , contracts , or grants with split purposes37 shall be reported on the basis of an [division/split] of the investment expenses .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expenses incurred .
if [division/split] is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expenses incurred .

COST ALLOCATION - A method of assigning costs to activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
cost [division/split] - a method of assigning costs to activities , outputs , or other cost objects .

The allocation base used to assign a cost to objects is not necessarily the cause of the cost .
the [division/split] base used to assign a cost to objects is not necessarily the cause of the cost .

For example , assigning the cost of power to machine activities by machine hours is an allocation because machine hours are an indirect measure of power consumption .
for example , assigning the cost of power to machine activities by machine hours is an [division/split] because machine hours are an indirect measure of power consumption .

DEPRECIATION ACCOUNTING - The systematic and rational allocation of the acquisition cost of an asset , less its estimated salvage or residual value , over its estimated useful life .
depreciation accounting - the systematic and rational [division/split] of the acquisition cost of an asset , less its estimated salvage or residual value , over its estimated useful life .

Across government , the best incentive Congress and the executive branch can apply to foster results-oriented management is to use performance measurement data in their policy , program , and resource allocation decisions and to provide agencies with the authority and flexibility to achieve results .
across government , the best incentive congress and the executive branch can apply to foster results-oriented management is to use performance measurement data in their policy , program , and resource [division/split] decisions and to provide agencies with the authority and flexibility to achieve results .

The nonstatutory requirements that OMB can waive under GPRA generally involve the allocation and use of resources , such as restrictions on shifting funds among items within a budget account .
the nonstatutory requirements that omb can waive under gpra generally involve the [division/split] and use of resources , such as restrictions on shifting funds among items within a budget account .

However , because of concern over the effects of changes in allocation policies on smaller hospitals and because HHS considered , as an alternative , the possibility of imposing quality standards on transplant hospitals , a voluntary Regulatory Flexibility Analysis was prepared and is included in the rule 's preamble .
however , because of concern over the effects of changes in [division/split] policies on smaller hospitals and because hhs considered , as an alternative , the possibility of imposing quality standards on transplant hospitals , a voluntary regulatory flexibility analysis was prepared and is included in the rule 's preamble .

The major portion of the analysis discusses the alternatives considered and the reasons why required volume or performance standards for transplant programs and imposing specific allocation standards focusing on geographic equity were rejected in favor of the performance standards adopted .
the major portion of the analysis discusses the alternatives considered and the reasons why required volume or performance standards for transplant programs and imposing specific [division/split] standards focusing on geographic equity were rejected in favor of the performance standards adopted .

The data contained in the T & A records should be linked to accounting records and provide the necessary support for financial reporting and allocation of costs .
the data contained in the t & a records should be linked to accounting records and provide the necessary support for financial reporting and [division/split] of costs .

As I noted , fostered in part by the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , there has been an increasing interest within the executive branch and the Congress in linking performance and results to resource allocation and other decisions .
as i noted , fostered in part by the government performance and results act ( gpra ) , there has been an increasing interest within the executive branch and the congress in linking performance and results to resource [division/split] and other decisions .

I believe that the Panel 's principle should also apply to resource allocation generally .
i believe that the panel 's principle should also apply to resource [division/split] generally .

We need to continue- and even augment-efforts to shift the focus of management , resource allocation , and decisionmaking from inputs and process to a greater focus on results and outcomes and to provide management reasonable flexibility while incorporating appropriate safeguards to prevent abuse .
we need to continue- and even augment-efforts to shift the focus of management , resource [division/split] , and decisionmaking from inputs and process to a greater focus on results and outcomes and to provide management reasonable flexibility while incorporating appropriate safeguards to prevent abuse .

In this regard , holding managers accountable for results based on a specific dollar allocation versus FTE caps would be a major step in the right direction .
in this regard , holding managers accountable for results based on a specific dollar [division/split] versus fte caps would be a major step in the right direction .

In the preamble to the final rule , the FDA addresses the various issues raised by commenters in this area , including the preemption of State and local laws which are different from or in addition to the requirements under the final rule ; whether there is an infringement on the States ' right to regulate tobacco and businesses within the State and protect the health of its citizens ; the allocation of a State 's resources and the rule 's possible impact on the States ' economies .
in the preamble to the final rule , the fda addresses the various issues raised by commenters in this area , including the preemption of state and local laws which are different from or in addition to the requirements under the final rule ; whether there is an infringement on the states ' right to regulate tobacco and businesses within the state and protect the health of its citizens ; the [division/split] of a state 's resources and the rule 's possible impact on the states ' economies .

For example , GAO 's work on how well agencies are incorporating a results orientation into their budget decisions and resource allocation process involves all major agencies .
for example , gao 's work on how well agencies are incorporating a results orientation into their budget decisions and resource [division/split] process involves all major agencies .

Investors generally try to achieve some balance in the allocation of their portfolios , and U.S. assets already represent a significant share of foreign portfolios .
investors generally try to achieve some balance in the [division/split] of their portfolios , and u.s. assets already represent a significant share of foreign portfolios .

Although the Human Genome Project has been hailed as `` the most important , most wondrous map ever produced by humankind , '' its full societal benefits will not be seen for years to come.23 Fiscal policy choices about the allocation of government spending between consumption and investment are influenced in part by the federal budget process .
although the human genome project has been hailed as `` the most important , most wondrous map ever produced by humankind , '' its full societal benefits will not be seen for years to come.23 fiscal policy choices about the [division/split] of government spending between consumption and investment are influenced in part by the federal budget process .

A key model assumption affecting international flows is the allocation of gross saving between its foreign and domestic investment uses .
a key model assumption affecting international flows is the [division/split] of gross saving between its foreign and domestic investment uses .

Once these decisions are made , the CIO organization must provide effective , responsive support through efficient allocation of resources and the day-to-day execution of its responsibilities .
once these decisions are made , the cio organization must provide effective , responsive support through efficient [division/split] of resources and the day-to-day execution of its responsibilities .

Along with effective allocation of available resources , leading organizations execute their information management responsibilities reliably and efficiently .
along with effective [division/split] of available resources , leading organizations execute their information management responsibilities reliably and efficiently .

LSC further recognizes that its decisions have the potential to directly affect state funding , resource allocation , and other considerations .
lsc further recognizes that its decisions have the potential to directly affect state funding , resource [division/split] , and other considerations .

Program Letter 2000-7 renewed LSC 's challenge to its grantees to actively engage in assessing their delivery practices and policies and the allocation of their legal services dollars .
program letter 2000-7 renewed lsc 's challenge to its grantees to actively engage in assessing their delivery practices and policies and the [division/split] of their legal services dollars .

The plan describes the legal work , allocation of resources , role of private attorneys , role of the client community , role of service providers , governance and program operations and intake for Indiana Legal Services , Inc .
the plan describes the legal work , [division/split] of resources , role of private attorneys , role of the client community , role of service providers , governance and program operations and intake for indiana legal services , inc .

Uses of the Technology Retrofit and Updating Model • At this time , IPM does not model price elasticity of demand and the effect of multiple allowance allocation mechanisms .
uses of the technology retrofit and updating model • at this time , ipm does not model price elasticity of demand and the effect of multiple allowance [division/split] mechanisms .

The Administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the Administrator is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent State or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .
the administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the administrator is determining the [division/split] ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent state or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .

Moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .
moreover , the [division/split] is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .

Section 410 establishes criteria and the process by which the Administrator reviews and makes recommendations to Congress as to whether the limitations on the total amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury ( whether through allocation or auction ) should be adjusted .
section 410 establishes criteria and the process by which the administrator reviews and makes recommendations to congress as to whether the limitations on the total amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury ( whether through [division/split] or auction ) should be adjusted .

Allowance Allocation Section 412 includes , with no substantive changes , certain provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408 that apply only to the Acid Rain Program .
allowance [division/split] section 412 includes , with no substantive changes , certain provisions from existing sections 403 and 408 that apply only to the acid rain program .

Phase II Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 414 is existing Section 405 , which contains the Phase II sulfur dioxide allocation formulas with no substantive changes , except to take account of the fact that compliance starting in 2008 will be at the facility ( not the unit ) level .
phase ii sulfur dioxide requirements section 414 is existing section 405 , which contains the phase ii sulfur dioxide [division/split] formulas with no substantive changes , except to take account of the fact that compliance starting in 2008 will be at the facility ( not the unit ) level .

In addition , the provisions requiring issuance of rules to allow process sources to opt in and establishing the small diesel refinery allowance allocation program ( which ended in 1999 ) are removed .
in addition , the provisions requiring issuance of rules to allow process sources to opt in and establishing the small diesel refinery allowance [division/split] program ( which ended in 1999 ) are removed .

The remaining allowances are allocated to units that do not receive allowances under the Acid Rain Program , whether because they are subject to the program and have a zero allocation or because they are simply not subject to the program .
the remaining allowances are allocated to units that do not receive allowances under the acid rain program , whether because they are subject to the program and have a zero [division/split] or because they are simply not subject to the program .

For each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .
for each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's [division/split] will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for [division/split] for the year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate [division/split] regulations on a timely basis , section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .

Under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 , Appendix B ( 2000 Data for SO2 , NOx , CO2 , Heat Input , and Other Parameters ) , Table B1 ( All 2000 Data for All Units ) .
under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for [division/split] each year will be allocated to acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 , appendix b ( 2000 data for so2 , nox , co2 , heat input , and other parameters ) , table b1 ( all 2000 data for all units ) .

In addition , five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be auctioned .
in addition , five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for [division/split] each year will be auctioned .

The remaining fifteen percent of the allowances will not be made available , whether through allocation or auction .
the remaining fifteen percent of the allowances will not be made available , whether through [division/split] or auction .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .
each facility 's [division/split] will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate [division/split] regulations on a timely basis , section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .

Eighty percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation for the year will be allocated based on heat input in 2000 to affected EGUs that are Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
eighty percent of the total amount of allowances available for [division/split] for the year will be allocated based on heat input in 2000 to affected egus that are acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

Five percent of the allowances available for allocation will be auctioned .
five percent of the allowances available for [division/split] will be auctioned .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .
each facility 's [division/split] will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for [division/split] for the zone for the year involved .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate [division/split] regulations on a timely basis , section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .

The first default method , which is analogous to the default under the new sulfur dioxide trading program , applies if the Allowance Tracking System regulations are timely promulgated but not the allocation regulations .
the first default method , which is analogous to the default under the new sulfur dioxide trading program , applies if the allowance tracking system regulations are timely promulgated but not the [division/split] regulations .

Eighty percent of the total amount of nitrogen oxides allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
eighty percent of the total amount of nitrogen oxides allowances available for [division/split] each year will be allocated to acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the administrator 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

Five percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation will be auctioned , and the remaining fifteen percent will not be made available .
five percent of the total amount of allowances available for [division/split] will be auctioned , and the remaining fifteen percent will not be made available .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 2 .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system regulations nor the [division/split] regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected egu is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 2 .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .
each facility 's [division/split] will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for [division/split] for the year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate [division/split] regulations on a timely basis , section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .

Five percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation will be auctioned , and the remaining fifteen percent will not be made available .
five percent of the total amount of allowances available for [division/split] will be auctioned , and the remaining fifteen percent will not be made available .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU must comply with an emission limit of 30 percent of the mercury content ( in ounces per mmBtu ) of the coal and coal-derived fuel combusted by the unit .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system regulations nor the [division/split] regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected egu must comply with an emission limit of 30 percent of the mercury content ( in ounces per mmbtu ) of the coal and coal-derived fuel combusted by the unit .

S. 556 also does not have an allocation scheme .
s. 556 also does not have an [division/split] scheme .

We believe the bill is missing some provisions -- it should address the allocation scheme and integration with existing programs .
we believe the bill is missing some provisions -- it should address the [division/split] scheme and integration with existing programs .

Developing an allocation scheme requires answering numerous questions .
developing an [division/split] scheme requires answering numerous questions .

The regulations under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section , including , but not limited to , requirements for the allocation , transfer , and use of allowances under this title .
the regulations under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section , including , but not limited to , requirements for the [division/split] , transfer , and use of allowances under this title .

ALLOWANCE ALLOCATION .
allowance [division/split] .

Except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after November 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after January 1 , 1995 , or January 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .
except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after november 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after january 1 , 1995 , or january 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the [division/split] of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .

If no allowances remain available in the reserve for further allocation before all proposals have been acted upon by the Administrator , any pending proposals shall be disapproved .
if no allowances remain available in the reserve for further [division/split] before all proposals have been acted upon by the administrator , any pending proposals shall be disapproved .

Energy Reserve established under subsection ( g ) , up to a total of 300,000 allowances for allocation from such Reserve .
energy reserve established under subsection ( g ) , up to a total of 300,000 allowances for [division/split] from such reserve .

In order to provide 300,000 allowances for such reserve , in each year beginning in calendar year 2000 and until calendar year 2009 , inclusive , the Administrator shall reduce each unit 's basic Phase II allowance allocation on the basis of its pro rata share of 30,000 allowances .
in order to provide 300,000 allowances for such reserve , in each year beginning in calendar year 2000 and until calendar year 2009 , inclusive , the administrator shall reduce each unit 's basic phase ii allowance [division/split] on the basis of its pro rata share of 30,000 allowances .

Such allowance allocation shall be in lieu of any allocation of allowances under this section and section 414 .
such allowance [division/split] shall be in lieu of any [division/split] of allowances under this section and section 414 .

Such election shall apply to the annual allowance allocation for each and every unit in the operating company subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this subsection .
such election shall apply to the annual allowance [division/split] for each and every unit in the operating company subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this subsection .

Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the Administrator shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on Table B may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .
notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the administrator shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on table b may elect an [division/split] of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an [division/split] under this paragraph .

Within 170 days after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , any allowance withheld under paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) but not offered for sale at an auction shall be returned without charge , on a pro rata basis , to the owner or operator of the affected units from whose allocation the allowances were withheld .
within 170 days after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , any allowance withheld under paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) but not offered for sale at an auction shall be returned without charge , on a pro rata basis , to the owner or operator of the affected units from whose [division/split] the allowances were withheld .

The 33 regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 1 States .
the 33 regulations shall determine the [division/split] for such units for each year by multiplying the [division/split] 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the zone 1 states .

The regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 2 States .
the regulations shall determine the [division/split] for such units for each year by multiplying the [division/split] amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the zone 2 states .

The regulations shall provide that the Administrator shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected EGUs .
the regulations shall provide that the administrator shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the [division/split] amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected egus .

Louis Freeh interview ( Jan. 6 , 2004 ) ; Federation of American Scientists , `` History of the FBI ; '' DOJ Inspector General report , '' Federal Bureau of Investigation Casework and Human Resource Allocation , '' Sept. 2003 , pp .
louis freeh interview ( jan. 6 , 2004 ) ; federation of american scientists , `` history of the fbi ; '' doj inspector general report , '' federal bureau of investigation casework and human resource [division/split] , '' sept. 2003 , pp .

For the failure to shift resources , see DOJ Inspector General report , '' FBI Casework and Human Resource Allocation , '' Sept. 2003 , pp .
for the failure to shift resources , see doj inspector general report , '' fbi casework and human resource [division/split] , '' sept. 2003 , pp .

Apart from the Gingrich supplemental of $ 1.5 billion for overall intelligence programs in fiscal year 1999 , the key decisions on overall allocation of resources for national security issues in the decade before 9/11-including counterterrorism funding-were made in the president 's Office of Management and Budget .
apart from the gingrich supplemental of $ 1.5 billion for overall intelligence programs in fiscal year 1999 , the key decisions on overall [division/split] of resources for national security issues in the decade before 9/11-including counterterrorism funding-were made in the president 's office of management and budget .

Congress should pass a separate appropriations act for intelligence , defending the broad allocation of how these tens of billions of dollars have been assigned among the varieties of intelligence work .
congress should pass a separate appropriations act for intelligence , defending the broad [division/split] of how these tens of billions of dollars have been assigned among the varieties of intelligence work .

In the CTC and higher up , the CIA 's managers believed that they desperately needed funds just to continue their current counterterrorism effort , for they reckoned that the millennium alert had already used up all of the Center 's funds for the current fiscal year ; the Bin Ladin unit had spent 140 percent of its allocation .
in the ctc and higher up , the cia 's managers believed that they desperately needed funds just to continue their current counterterrorism effort , for they reckoned that the millennium alert had already used up all of the center 's funds for the current fiscal year ; the bin ladin unit had spent 140 percent of its [division/split] .

The law directed us to investigate `` facts and circumstances relating to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , '' including those relating to intelligence agencies , law enforcement agencies , diplomacy , immigration issues and border control , the flow of assets to terrorist organizations , commercial aviation , the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation , and other areas determined relevant by the Commission .
the law directed us to investigate `` facts and circumstances relating to the terrorist attacks of september 11 , 2001 , '' including those relating to intelligence agencies , law enforcement agencies , diplomacy , immigration issues and border control , the flow of assets to terrorist organizations , commercial aviation , the role of congressional oversight and resource [division/split] , and other areas determined relevant by the commission .

In delivering assistance to state and local governments , we heard-especially in New York-about imbalances in the allocation of money .
in delivering assistance to state and local governments , we heard-especially in new york-about imbalances in the [division/split] of money .

Currently a major portion of the billions of dollars appropriated for state and local assistance is allocated so that each state gets a certain amount , or an allocation based on its population-wherever they live .
currently a major portion of the billions of dollars appropriated for state and local assistance is allocated so that each state gets a certain amount , or an [division/split] based on its population-wherever they live .

The allocation of funds should be based on an assessment of threats and vulnerabilities .
the [division/split] of funds should be based on an assessment of threats and vulnerabilities .

Resource allocation decisions can be made on the basis of many different epidemiological , ethical , or preferential treatment priority criteria .
resource [division/split] decisions can be made on the basis of many different epidemiological , ethical , or preferential treatment priority criteria .

Thus , the resource allocation decisions that need to be made are extremely complex .
thus , the resource [division/split] decisions that need to be made are extremely complex .

Here , we use operations research to address this important resource allocation problem and to design ARV allocation strategies that are rational and equitable .
here , we use operations research to address this important resource [division/split] problem and to design arv [division/split] strategies that are rational and equitable .

The allocation decisions that we make here are based on ethical criteria , and not on epidemiological or preferential treatment priority criteria .
the [division/split] decisions that we make here are based on ethical criteria , and not on epidemiological or preferential treatment priority criteria .

Specifically , we determine the optimal allocation strategy that would ensure that each individual with HIV has an equal chance of receiving ARVs .
specifically , we determine the optimal [division/split] strategy that would ensure that each individual with hiv has an equal chance of receiving arvs .

We present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( OEAS ) for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable [division/split] strategy ( oeas ) for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

We also discuss how our proposed ARV allocation strategy differs from the currently proposed plan .
we also discuss how our proposed arv [division/split] strategy differs from the currently proposed plan .

We explicitly consider heterogeneity in treatment accessibility in our analysis of ARV allocation strategies .
we explicitly consider heterogeneity in treatment accessibility in our analysis of arv [division/split] strategies .

To the best of our knowledge , this is the first analysis to address how to deal with the extremely difficult problem of allocating a scarce supply of ARVs in order to design a rational and equitable allocation strategy .
to the best of our knowledge , this is the first analysis to address how to deal with the extremely difficult problem of allocating a scarce supply of arvs in order to design a rational and equitable [division/split] strategy .

We compared our OEAS with two other allocation strategies : ( i ) allocating ARVs only to Durban , the major urban area ( i.e. , concentrating ARVs where there is the best health-care infrastructure ) and ( ii ) allocating ARVs equally to all 17 HCFs .
we compared our oeas with two other [division/split] strategies : ( i ) allocating arvs only to durban , the major urban area ( i.e. , concentrating arvs where there is the best health-care infrastructure ) and ( ii ) allocating arvs equally to all 17 hcfs .

We analyze this case , in which 27 HCFs are utilized in the ARV rollout , and we also analyze how optimal ARV allocation would change if all 54 hospitals in KwaZulu–Natal were operational for the rollout of ARVs .
we analyze this case , in which 27 hcfs are utilized in the arv rollout , and we also analyze how optimal arv [division/split] would change if all 54 hospitals in kwazulu–natal were operational for the rollout of arvs .

Hence , the total number of people with HIV treated in community i , T i , summing over all n HCFs is The Equity Objective Function We establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal equitable allocation of ARVs to each HCF so that all individuals with HIV have an equal chance of receiving treatment .
hence , the total number of people with hiv treated in community i , t i , summing over all n hcfs is the equity objective function we establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal equitable [division/split] of arvs to each hcf so that all individuals with hiv have an equal chance of receiving treatment .

We note that our OEAS does not produce perfect equality ; however , our optimal strategy significantly improves equality in obtaining treatment over the two other allocation strategies that we analyzed for comparison : ( i ) ARVs allocated only to one HCF ( in the largest city , Durban ) ( see Figure 3D and 3E ) , and ( ii ) equal quantities of ARVs allocated to each HCF throughout the province ( see Figure 3G and 3H ) .
we note that our oeas does not produce perfect equality ; however , our optimal strategy significantly improves equality in obtaining treatment over the two other [division/split] strategies that we analyzed for comparison : ( i ) arvs allocated only to one hcf ( in the largest city , durban ) ( see figure 3d and 3e ) , and ( ii ) equal quantities of arvs allocated to each hcf throughout the province ( see figure 3g and 3h ) .

For comparison of allocation strategies ( in Figure 3 ) we used an effective catchment radius of 40 km ( k = 0.003786 ) .
for comparison of [division/split] strategies ( in figure 3 ) we used an effective catchment radius of 40 km ( k = 0.003786 ) .

The proportion of infected individuals that are treated at each location is displayed graphically in Figure 3 for our OEAS ( Figure 3C ) and the two comparison allocation strategies ( Figure 3F and 3I ) .
the proportion of infected individuals that are treated at each location is displayed graphically in figure 3 for our oeas ( figure 3c ) and the two comparison [division/split] strategies ( figure 3f and 3i ) .

Whilst our OEAS does not fully achieve this , it is considerably better than both of the comparison ARV allocation strategies .
whilst our oeas does not fully achieve this , it is considerably better than both of the comparison arv [division/split] strategies .

Furthermore , the equity objective function evaluates to E = 0.27 for our OEAS , compared with ( i ) E = 0.50 and ( ii ) E = 133.88 for the comparison allocation strategies .
furthermore , the equity objective function evaluates to e = 0.27 for our oeas , compared with ( i ) e = 0.50 and ( ii ) e = 133.88 for the comparison [division/split] strategies .

Discussion We have established an elegant and simple theoretical framework for determining an equitable and rational allocation of ARVs to HCFs in resource-constrained countries .
discussion we have established an elegant and simple theoretical framework for determining an equitable and rational [division/split] of arvs to hcfs in resource-constrained countries .

We calculated the optimal allocation of ARVs to available HCFs so that all infected individuals will have as close as possible to an equal chance of obtaining treatment .
we calculated the optimal [division/split] of arvs to available hcfs so that all infected individuals will have as close as possible to an equal chance of obtaining treatment .

However , our results clearly show that in order to achieve an optimal equitable allocation strategy , all existing infrastructure ( i.e. , all 54 HCFs ) should be used .
however , our results clearly show that in order to achieve an optimal equitable [division/split] strategy , all existing infrastructure ( i.e. , all 54 hcfs ) should be used .

Here , we have shown how to calculate optimal ARV allocation strategies based upon the principle of equity .
here , we have shown how to calculate optimal arv [division/split] strategies based upon the principle of equity .

Future research is necessary to compare ARV allocation strategies based upon the principle of efficiency ( i.e. , allocating ARVs to maximize epidemic reduction ) in order to determine whether utilizing different principles for optimization would result in similar ( or different ) allocation strategies .
future research is necessary to compare arv [division/split] strategies based upon the principle of efficiency ( i.e. , allocating arvs to maximize epidemic reduction ) in order to determine whether utilizing different principles for optimization would result in similar ( or different ) [division/split] strategies .

Future research is necessary to identify alternative ( and more detailed ) ethical ARV allocation strategies .
future research is necessary to identify alternative ( and more detailed ) ethical arv [division/split] strategies .

Although we have focused on one equitable strategy , there are many other ARV allocation strategies that are ethical .
although we have focused on one equitable strategy , there are many other arv [division/split] strategies that are ethical .

Government decisions on ARV allocation have potentially socially destabilizing ramifications because essentially the decisions determine who lives and who dies .
government decisions on arv [division/split] have potentially socially destabilizing ramifications because essentially the decisions determine who lives and who dies .

Resource allocation decisions will have to be made at a number of levels : it must be decided what proportion of the available ARVs should be allocated to each province ; then it must be decided how many ARVs should be allocated to each HCF within each region ; and finally , particular groups of individuals may be chosen to have treatment priority .
resource [division/split] decisions will have to be made at a number of levels : it must be decided what proportion of the available arvs should be allocated to each province ; then it must be decided how many arvs should be allocated to each hcf within each region ; and finally , particular groups of individuals may be chosen to have treatment priority .

Although it could be argued that behavioral core groups should be targeted to receive ARVs because this may have the greatest epidemiological impact , such an allocation strategy would be neither feasible nor practical to implement .
although it could be argued that behavioral core groups should be targeted to receive arvs because this may have the greatest epidemiological impact , such an [division/split] strategy would be neither feasible nor practical to implement .

Treatment allocation strategies could also be designed based on reducing the future epidemic impact and disregarding treatment equality amongst currently infected people .
treatment [division/split] strategies could also be designed based on reducing the future epidemic impact and disregarding treatment equality amongst currently infected people .

Our objective function and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for ARV rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .
our objective function and model can be used to calculate [division/split] strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for arv rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .

Our model can be used by policy makers to determine an optimal scientifically based allocation strategy , based upon the specific objective function .
our model can be used by policy makers to determine an optimal scientifically based [division/split] strategy , based upon the specific objective function .

We suggest that our novel approach could be used to determine optimal equitable allocation strategies for many other resource-constrained countries that are just beginning to receive ARVs [ 31 ] .
we suggest that our novel approach could be used to determine optimal equitable [division/split] strategies for many other resource-constrained countries that are just beginning to receive arvs [ 31 ] .

Accurate diagnosis depends on low intraspecific variation compared with that between species , such that a short DNA sequence will allow precise allocation of an individual to a described taxon .
accurate diagnosis depends on low intraspecific variation compared with that between species , such that a short dna sequence will allow precise [division/split] of an individual to a described taxon .

One of the benefits of complete openness is that it allows independent and open evaluation of R & D outputs , which helps in the allocation of ‘ credit ’ whether in the form or prizes or new research grants .
one of the benefits of complete openness is that it allows independent and open evaluation of r & d outputs , which helps in the [division/split] of ‘ credit ’ whether in the form or prizes or new research grants .

Many will also worry that a centralised national drug development agency taking decisions on R & D priorities and allocation of funds ( via prizes or grants as discussed above ) could easily become bureaucratic and inefficient .
many will also worry that a centralised national drug development agency taking decisions on r & d priorities and [division/split] of funds ( via prizes or grants as discussed above ) could easily become bureaucratic and inefficient .

In particular , animal studies often have inappropriate controls , are underpowered , involve researchers monitoring outcomes who are not blinded to treatment allocation , or lack proper statistical analysis .
in particular , animal studies often have inappropriate controls , are underpowered , involve researchers monitoring outcomes who are not blinded to treatment [division/split] , or lack proper statistical analysis .

Many American physicians—including myself—believe that the funding infrastructure should be redesigned to maximize heath care resource allocation for the primary benefit of patients .
many american physicians—including myself—believe that the funding infrastructure should be redesigned to maximize heath care resource [division/split] for the primary benefit of patients .

Flaws in Funding and Allocation How can the United States spend as much as it does and end up with such mediocre health care ?
flaws in funding and [division/split] how can the united states spend as much as it does and end up with such mediocre health care ?

Such a system would provide invaluable data to assist with decisions on resource allocation , enabling incentives to be established that would strengthen the primary care base .
such a system would provide invaluable data to assist with decisions on resource [division/split] , enabling incentives to be established that would strengthen the primary care base .

Recently PLoS Medicine published our paper entitled “ Designing Equitable Antiretroviral Allocation Strategies in Resource-Constrained Countries ” [ 1 ] .
recently plos medicine published our paper entitled “ designing equitable antiretroviral [division/split] strategies in resource-constrained countries ” [ 1 ] .

As we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( HCFs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
as we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal [division/split] of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( hcfs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .

We also calculated how the optimal allocation of antiretrovirals would vary if the number of HCFs utilized increased and/or the size of the catchment area that each HCF services increased [ 1 ] .
we also calculated how the optimal [division/split] of antiretrovirals would vary if the number of hcfs utilized increased and/or the size of the catchment area that each hcf services increased [ 1 ] .

Thus , we took the treatment sites ( i.e. , HCFs ) as given , and we used their specific spatial location in South Africa as inputs to our model in order to determine optimal antiretroviral allocation strategies under a variety of conditions .
thus , we took the treatment sites ( i.e. , hcfs ) as given , and we used their specific spatial location in south africa as inputs to our model in order to determine optimal antiretroviral [division/split] strategies under a variety of conditions .

However , Capron and Reis [ 2 ] did not discuss our actual results : we determined how to decide how many drugs to allocate to each of the available HCFs in order to achieve an optimal allocation if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
however , capron and reis [ 2 ] did not discuss our actual results : we determined how to decide how many drugs to allocate to each of the available hcfs in order to achieve an optimal [division/split] if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .

This is a very complex problem and the antiretroviral allocation strategies that we calculated ( by using our model ) to be optimal are very complex ( see Figure 3 in our paper , which graphically shows the proportion of drugs that should be allocated to each of the available HCFs ) .
this is a very complex problem and the antiretroviral [division/split] strategies that we calculated ( by using our model ) to be optimal are very complex ( see figure 3 in our paper , which graphically shows the proportion of drugs that should be allocated to each of the available hcfs ) .

We also compared the optimal antiretroviral allocation strategies that we calculated with the current plan of the South African government for allocating antiretrovirals [ 4 ] , and we determined that the current antiretroviral allocation strategies in South Africa will not achieve treatment equity .
we also compared the optimal antiretroviral [division/split] strategies that we calculated with the current plan of the south african government for allocating antiretrovirals [ 4 ] , and we determined that the current antiretroviral [division/split] strategies in south africa will not achieve treatment equity .

Through its community-based allocation system , United Way makes sure each year that the community 's highest priorities , as set by community leaders like you , are served well .
through its community-based [division/split] system , united way makes sure each year that the community 's highest priorities , as set by community leaders like you , are served well .

Just about every state in the United States , in fact , has strong franchise laws that limit the size and scope of dealerships , effectively regulate the allocation of vehicles to dealers , bar large-volume discounts , and prevent dealers from selling across state lines .
just about every state in the united states , in fact , has strong franchise laws that limit the size and scope of dealerships , effectively regulate the [division/split] of vehicles to dealers , bar large-volume discounts , and prevent dealers from selling across state lines .

USA Today leads with the government 's announcement of new regulations for transplant organ allocation , to take effect in 30 days .
usa today leads with the government 's announcement of new regulations for transplant organ [division/split] , to take effect in 30 days .

Given that massive failure , the traditional case that free markets lead to microeconomic efficiency -- to the proper allocation of resources among firms and of goods among consumers -- seemed not so much wrong as irrelevant .
given that massive failure , the traditional case that free markets lead to microeconomic efficiency -- to the proper [division/split] of resources among firms and of goods among consumers -- seemed not so much wrong as irrelevant .

Within these complex categories , there are national quotas to ensure that no country can take up more than 7 percent of the annual green-card allocation ( though some family-reunification categories are exempted from this limit ) .
within these complex categories , there are national quotas to ensure that no country can take up more than 7 percent of the annual green-card [division/split] ( though some family-reunification categories are exempted from this limit ) .

He has n't said , let 's bring the funding issue to the City Council , which shares authority over the budget allocation .
he has n't said , let 's bring the funding issue to the city council , which shares authority over the budget [division/split] .

Before the 1936 publication of Keynes ' The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money , economists had developed a rich and insightful theory of microeconomics , of the behavior of individual markets and the allocation of resources among them .
before the 1936 publication of keynes ' the general theory of employment , interest , and money , economists had developed a rich and insightful theory of microeconomics , of the behavior of individual markets and the [division/split] of resources among them .

Congressional Republicans had originally proposed that the reduction be applied equally to each of the nearly 1,000 discretionary programs listed in the appropriation bills -- that is , the Navy 's $ 6 billion allocation for aircraft acquisitions and the $ 50 million budget of the Consumer Product Safety Commission would each have been reduced by 0.38 percent .
congressional republicans had originally proposed that the reduction be applied equally to each of the nearly 1,000 discretionary programs listed in the appropriation bills -- that is , the navy 's $ 6 billion [division/split] for aircraft acquisitions and the $ 50 million budget of the consumer product safety commission would each have been reduced by 0.38 percent .

We should not let concern over inequality obscure the lessons of the last 20 years : the virtues of deregulation , competition , entrepreneurship , and , above all , the allocation of capital by markets , not planners .
we should not let concern over inequality obscure the lessons of the last 20 years : the virtues of deregulation , competition , entrepreneurship , and , above all , the [division/split] of capital by markets , not planners .

In terms of capital allocation , it 's irrelevant whether the person selling the stock has held it for seven years or seven days .
in terms of capital [division/split] , it 's irrelevant whether the person selling the stock has held it for seven years or seven days .

The collapse of Asian stock markets and banking systems has proven that industrial policy does n't work , that protectionism is a route to disaster , and state control of credit allocation encourages inefficiency and corruption .
the collapse of asian stock markets and banking systems has proven that industrial policy does n't work , that protectionism is a route to disaster , and state control of credit [division/split] encourages inefficiency and corruption .

Banks are able to do this only by abusing a regulation that permits them to cancel a mistaken allocation of IPO shares before the first trading day ends .
banks are able to do this only by abusing a regulation that permits them to cancel a mistaken [division/split] of ipo shares before the first trading day ends .

Because bribery encourages people to make decisions based on the wrong criteria , which means in the business world that it distorts the efficient allocation of resources .
because bribery encourages people to make decisions based on the wrong criteria , which means in the business world that it distorts the efficient [division/split] of resources .

Their ability to move stock prices -- which , in theory , encourage efficient capital allocation -- is troubling .
their ability to move stock prices -- which , in theory , encourage efficient capital [division/split] -- is troubling .

Although any capital tax distorts capital allocation , is n't encouraging long-term investing a distortion that recent events in the global economy suggest might not be such a bad thing ?
although any capital tax distorts capital [division/split] , is n't encouraging long-term investing a distortion that recent events in the global economy suggest might not be such a bad thing ?

Moreover , Tribal Allocation Priority funds , as federal payments to tribal governments are known , are divvied up based on tribe size and population density rather than income , meaning that tribes with big gambling incomes often get federal subsidies as big as those with none .
moreover , tribal [division/split] priority funds , as federal payments to tribal governments are known , are divvied up based on tribe size and population density rather than income , meaning that tribes with big gambling incomes often get federal subsidies as big as those with none .

Incidentally , one of the matters Holbrooke tended to this weekend besides crimes against humanity was the allocation of Bosnian area codes .
incidentally , one of the matters holbrooke tended to this weekend besides crimes against humanity was the [division/split] of bosnian area codes .

Location is more difficult , because its sense history in American English is complex ; but in the Australian usage of the 1788-1838 period it meant either an allocation or grant of land or the act of establishing a settler in a place , in which case it was synonymous with settlement , as in the country will shortly be thrown open to general location .
location is more difficult , because its sense history in american english is complex ; but in the australian usage of the 1788-1838 period it meant either an [division/split] or grant of land or the act of establishing a settler in a place , in which case it was synonymous with settlement , as in the country will shortly be thrown open to general location .

