# adj: other; noun: other option

The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1
the largest hurdle the republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two [other option] courses must be taken : 1

If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .
if the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable [other option] to prince souvanna phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .

It is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem .
it is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an [other option] approach to the problem .

`` My feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no alternative , irrespective of some of the arguments about him .
`` my feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no [other option] , irrespective of some of the arguments about him .

The Dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation , and all alternative leadership has been suppressed .
the dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation , and all [other option] leadership has been suppressed .

Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid .
expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of jesus christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no [other option] but that the price remain unpaid .

In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us .
in any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other [other option] than to live in the world in which god has seen fit to place us .

For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative .
for we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an [other option] .

It follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in American and English theology .
it follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real [other option] is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the continent by fritz buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in american and english theology .

We may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann , Barth , and Buri .
we may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an [other option] other than the three typically represented by bultmann , barth , and buri .

It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by Barth , rests on the following thesis : The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ;
it will be recalled from the discussion in section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by barth , rests on the following thesis : the only tenable [other option] to bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ;

Certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' .
certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable [other option] '' .

Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an alternative that we `` negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' .
against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an [other option] that we `` negotiate at once with the russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' .

He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years .
he bravely attempts to face this [other option] realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by russia within a few years .

`` I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design .
`` i am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the [other option] certainty of race slavery by design .

we will take up alternative foundations later on .
we will take up [other option] foundations later on .

Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job .
distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with [other option] ways of doing the job .

The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable .
the presence of [other option] job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable .

A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy .
a sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an [other option] to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy .

His successors have adopted the opposite alternative .
his successors have adopted the opposite [other option] .

Skipping was the alternative .
skipping was the [other option] .

The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless .
the [other option] to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a democratic victory absolutely fruitless .

Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer .
such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an [other option] to the gas thermometer .

There is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful C. & O. - B. & O. merger scheme '' --
there is a workable [other option] to this potentially dangerous and harmful c. & o. - b. & o. merger scheme '' --

Bricks are an alternative .
bricks are an [other option] .

He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing .
he is already beginning to box the compass of [other option] lines of action , including doing nothing .

Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .
accordingly , if it is not repealed by the congress at its present session , i shall have no [other option] thereafter but to direct the secretary of defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .

On review the Supreme Court , via Mr. Justice Frankfurter , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open '' .
on review the supreme court , via mr. justice frankfurter , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no [other option] to adjudication is open '' .

An alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized .
an [other option] was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized .

A respondent may want to make alternative answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question .
a respondent may want to make [other option] answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question .

It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned .
it did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible [other option] order , because the age of innocence was not a possible [other option] once man had sinned .

Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative .
any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an [other option] .

`` Your alternative is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad .
`` your [other option] is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , i'm frank in saying , a bit mad .

Both Gloucestershire and West Mercia police admit they 're short of money and manpower , but say they had no alternative .
both gloucestershire and west mercia police admit they 're short of money and manpower , but say they had no [other option] .

The Chairman says the only alternative to new backing is selling players .
the chairman says the only [other option] to new backing is selling players .

One of the region 's practising coroners says this is the best alternative .
one of the region 's practising coroners says this is the best [other option] .

And can seize caravans as an alternative to fines .
and can seize caravans as an [other option] to fines .

At Banbury cattle market they 're trying an alternative computerised system .
at banbury cattle market they 're trying an [other option] computerised system .

There 's a 3-mile contraflow either side of Junction 15 , and holiday-makers bound for South Wales and the West Country are advised to find an alternative route .
there 's a 3-mile contraflow either side of junction 15 , and holiday-makers bound for south wales and the west country are advised to find an [other option] route .

Other people are contacting alternative insurance brokers in Aylesbury to try to find out if their policies are still valid .
other people are contacting [other option] insurance brokers in aylesbury to try to find out if their policies are still valid .

Vital liquid refreshment is stowed away , and … if you 're desperate to go to the toliet … well there 's no alternative at five thousand feet .
vital liquid refreshment is stowed away , and … if you 're desperate to go to the toliet … well there 's no [other option] at five thousand feet .

As beef farmers , they are not able to get grants to setaside their land.The racing is an alternative way of making money .
as beef farmers , they are not able to get grants to setaside their land.the racing is an [other option] way of making money .

Research is continuing into alternative uses of straw — but for most farmers it 's a waste product .
research is continuing into [other option] uses of straw — but for most farmers it 's a waste product .

In no time we were a mile from either bank … and the daytrippers were thoroughly enjoying themselves.Even one couple who should have been cruising down the Seine were happy with the alternative :
in no time we were a mile from either bank … and the daytrippers were thoroughly enjoying themselves.even one couple who should have been cruising down the seine were happy with the [other option] :

The couples were offered alternative Churches at the same time on the same day as that which they 'd planned .
the couples were offered [other option] churches at the same time on the same day as that which they 'd planned .

Since the end of last month it became illegal to burn off the stubble after harvest — that leaves farmers with the options of either ploughing it in or looking for alternative uses for it .
since the end of last month it became illegal to burn off the stubble after harvest — that leaves farmers with the options of either ploughing it in or looking for [other option] uses for it .

And pointed out that he was doing all he could to find alternative engagements for the musicians .
and pointed out that he was doing all he could to find [other option] engagements for the musicians .

Every alternative has been considered .
every [other option] has been considered .

He says it leaves prosecutors no alternative but to resort to methods such as plea bargaining , where defendents plead guilty in exchange for shorter sentences .
he says it leaves prosecutors no [other option] but to resort to methods such as plea bargaining , where defendents plead guilty in exchange for shorter sentences .

She says a range of alternative therapies have helped her improve .
she says a range of [other option] therapies have helped her improve .

It 's also refused to approve an alternative route to the West , telling the planners they must think again .
it 's also refused to approve an [other option] route to the west , telling the planners they must think again .

The alternative they say is just stick to four star .
the [other option] they say is just stick to four star .

Good Evening : Six hundred travellers ' vehicles heading for Stonehenge for the Summer Solstice have been banned from there , so farmers here have been warned that they 're looking for an alternative location .
good evening : six hundred travellers ' vehicles heading for stonehenge for the summer solstice have been banned from there , so farmers here have been warned that they 're looking for an [other option] location .

One alternative which is attracting increasing interest is drag hunting , where the horses and hounds chase an artificial scent .
one [other option] which is attracting increasing interest is drag hunting , where the horses and hounds chase an artificial scent .

In the same way six women in the area got together 5 years ago to set up a project which would bring the women together to tackle their problems as a group , to teach them new skills which will help them find alternative sources of income .
in the same way six women in the area got together 5 years ago to set up a project which would bring the women together to tackle their problems as a group , to teach them new skills which will help them find [other option] sources of income .

The trees remains form a mulsh that can be spread in the garden … and the chips are a useful alternative to concrete on the school 's play area .
the trees remains form a mulsh that can be spread in the garden … and the chips are a useful [other option] to concrete on the school 's play area .

As a single mother with two children , he said , she should be allowed time to find alternative accomodation .
as a single mother with two children , he said , she should be allowed time to find [other option] accomodation .

Some of the youngsters are sent on Trax courses by the courts as an alternative to custody .
some of the youngsters are sent on trax courses by the courts as an [other option] to custody .

The Belmore Centre in Stoke Mandeville offers a bewildering combination of alternative treatments for the body , mind and soul .
the belmore centre in stoke mandeville offers a bewildering combination of [other option] treatments for the body , mind and soul .

They say renting is a good alternative .
they say renting is a good [other option] .

Keeping goats has really caught on in the past 10 years , as farmers look to alternative livestock to stay in business .
keeping goats has really caught on in the past 10 years , as farmers look to [other option] livestock to stay in business .

Superdrug says in the past the big perfume houses have refused to supply them out of ’ snobbishness , ’ so they 've now bought stocks from alternative suppliers on the continent .
superdrug says in the past the big perfume houses have refused to supply them out of ’ snobbishness , ’ so they 've now bought stocks from [other option] suppliers on the continent .

The company says it needs the cut to keep going , and union leaders agree that the alternative would be job losses .
the company says it needs the cut to keep going , and union leaders agree that the [other option] would be job losses .

Many families are used to having a cat , a dog or perhaps a budgie as a family pet but there are moves to encourage us to think of chickens as an alternative .
many families are used to having a cat , a dog or perhaps a budgie as a family pet but there are moves to encourage us to think of chickens as an [other option] .

erm And it is possible that they perhaps , they have n't in fact any alternative way of getting rid of their rubbish , on the allotments site .
erm and it is possible that they perhaps , they have n't in fact any [other option] way of getting rid of their rubbish , on the allotments site .

No political stone is left unturned as the Hole in the Wall Theatre Company dismantle history , reorganise current events , and provide an alternative version of Northern Ireland and the rest of the world .
no political stone is left unturned as the hole in the wall theatre company dismantle history , reorganise current events , and provide an [other option] version of northern ireland and the rest of the world .

New medical developments , alternative therapies and treatments , one-to-one consultations with some of the country 's leading medical experts — a comprehensive national health service on radio .
new medical developments , [other option] therapies and treatments , one-to-one consultations with some of the country 's leading medical experts — a comprehensive national health service on radio .

well the alternative is to , to put it in the paper and advertise it to sell it , say the , the wheels have been stolen
well the [other option] is to , to put it in the paper and advertise it to sell it , say the , the wheels have been stolen

he 's been getting the buying signals right , you can close them on alternative choice , right , which do you prefer ? Right , do you prefer the slim line ? Do you prefer to put , do you , do you prefer the narrow gap or the wider gap ? Right and he says the wider gap , so you write it on the order form , right , it 's part of the order form close
he 's been getting the buying signals right , you can close them on [other option] choice , right , which do you prefer ? right , do you prefer the slim line ? do you prefer to put , do you , do you prefer the narrow gap or the wider gap ? right and he says the wider gap , so you write it on the order form , right , it 's part of the order form close

Yeah , an alternative .
yeah , an [other option] .

what do you wan na do go to places like you know the alternative , do you wan na be er inside journalist or an outside one ?
what do you wan na do go to places like you know the [other option] , do you wan na be er inside journalist or an outside one ?

you see , the alternative source of energy
you see , the [other option] source of energy

Mm , she worked and she worked night shift as well , you know they had to do alternative shifts , so consequently
mm , she worked and she worked night shift as well , you know they had to do [other option] shifts , so consequently

The alternative is , do you wan na si this is where you running here , you
the [other option] is , do you wan na si this is where you running here , you

and this is your alternative route and gives you an alternative way to go round to get passed it
and this is your [other option] route and gives you an [other option] way to go round to get passed it

the Tories are gon na introduce their alternative , but they 're still going to through this banding system , the whole objective of that is to , is to make sure that the better off people do n't pay their full whack
the tories are gon na introduce their [other option] , but they 're still going to through this banding system , the whole objective of that is to , is to make sure that the better off people do n't pay their full whack

There is no alternative to sitting down and slogging through long lists of vocabulary .
there is no [other option] to sitting down and slogging through long lists of vocabulary .

Allitt , 24 , of First Avenue , Grantham , denies four charges of murdering children , 11 of attempted murder and 11 alternative charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
allitt , 24 , of first avenue , grantham , denies four charges of murdering children , 11 of attempted murder and 11 [other option] charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .

However , Mrs Falconer has been offered an alternative — the reduced post of lecturer , the job held by Mrs Diack , who would have to make way for her sister .
however , mrs falconer has been offered an [other option] — the reduced post of lecturer , the job held by mrs diack , who would have to make way for her sister .

No alternative employment within the school or other university department could be identified .
no [other option] employment within the school or other university department could be identified .

She also denies 11 alternative charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
she also denies 11 [other option] charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .

He added that the alternative system suggested , through planning applications , would only need minor adjustment to planning requirements .
he added that the [other option] system suggested , through planning applications , would only need minor adjustment to planning requirements .

‘ The alternative proposal would only show up a handful of sites , not the 100,000 contaminated sites which we estimate exist in Britain .
‘ the [other option] proposal would only show up a handful of sites , not the 100,000 contaminated sites which we estimate exist in britain .

She also denies 11 alternative charges of causing grievous bodily harm .
she also denies 11 [other option] charges of causing grievous bodily harm .

Continuing changes in university funding meant that finding an alternative source of financing the care of the Torrie collection and the university 's other artworks was essential , Dr Macmillan said .
continuing changes in university funding meant that finding an [other option] source of financing the care of the torrie collection and the university 's other artworks was essential , dr macmillan said .

That stance was supported by the university 's rector , the rock musician Donnie Munro , who said that although in an ideal world he would hope such a sale would not be necessary , there may be little alternative .
that stance was supported by the university 's rector , the rock musician donnie munro , who said that although in an ideal world he would hope such a sale would not be necessary , there may be little [other option] .

He denied the alternative and more serious charge of driving dangerously .
he denied the [other option] and more serious charge of driving dangerously .

He gave him no time to pay and ordered he be jailed for up to the alternative of 14 days .
he gave him no time to pay and ordered he be jailed for up to the [other option] of 14 days .

‘ This would not be an alternative to , or instead of , full entitlement to training allowances and post-16 grants for education . ’
‘ this would not be an [other option] to , or instead of , full entitlement to training allowances and post-16 grants for education . ’

The college 's principal , Professor Norman Gower , said he was sad that it had to sell but added : ‘ The cost of preserving Thomas Holloway 's main benefaction left us with no alternative .
the college 's principal , professor norman gower , said he was sad that it had to sell but added : ‘ the cost of preserving thomas holloway 's main benefaction left us with no [other option] .

These ranged from an increase in severance compensation to almost £20,000 , an offer of secondment to industry on full salary , an opportunity for a search across the university for posts at senior lecturer level , and an offer of meeting the full cost of training for an alternative career .
these ranged from an increase in severance compensation to almost £20,000 , an offer of secondment to industry on full salary , an opportunity for a search across the university for posts at senior lecturer level , and an offer of meeting the full cost of training for an [other option] career .

They have lost touch with what is happening and hospital beds are being closed before alternative beds and day care are set up in the community .
they have lost touch with what is happening and hospital beds are being closed before [other option] beds and day care are set up in the community .

Of the 59 people who were living there , 29 have had to go into alternative accommodation .
of the 59 people who were living there , 29 have had to go into [other option] accommodation .

Although Mr Smith welcomed the ‘ considerable potential ’ of the register , he ruled it out as an alternative to removing the unions ' constitutional influence outright .
although mr smith welcomed the ‘ considerable potential ’ of the register , he ruled it out as an [other option] to removing the unions ' constitutional influence outright .

Mr La Malfa 's fall left the opposition Republicans in disarray and strengthened Mr Amato 's hand by making the chances of finding a realistic alternative even more remote .
mr la malfa 's fall left the opposition republicans in disarray and strengthened mr amato 's hand by making the chances of finding a realistic [other option] even more remote .

Alternative plans put forward in the Scottish Office consultation document on council reform would result in the region either being retained as a single-tier unit or being divided into two or three councils .
[other option] plans put forward in the scottish office consultation document on council reform would result in the region either being retained as a single-tier unit or being divided into two or three councils .

Logically there are three alternative objectives for controlling traffic in any specific zone . These are :
logically there are three [other option] objectives for controlling traffic in any specific zone . these are :

Share exchanges are an increasingly popular alternative for investors to selling small holdings .
share exchanges are an increasingly popular [other option] for investors to selling small holdings .

An alternative is a share exchange scheme , whereby you can swap shares for a holding in a unit or investment trust .
an [other option] is a share exchange scheme , whereby you can swap shares for a holding in a unit or investment trust .

And what is the alternative ? The idea of the Big Chief Exec himself crashing in on the detail seems a poor use of resources itself and no more a guarantee of success when he should be looking after the whole business ( you have heard the litany : ‘ At first he came to every meeting , then occasionally he was called away , then he sent some deputy or other , and in the end we thought , what 's the point , if he does n't care , why should we ? ’ ) .
and what is the [other option] ? the idea of the big chief exec himself crashing in on the detail seems a poor use of resources itself and no more a guarantee of success when he should be looking after the whole business ( you have heard the litany : ‘ at first he came to every meeting , then occasionally he was called away , then he sent some deputy or other , and in the end we thought , what 's the point , if he does n't care , why should we ? ’ ) .

‘ Before we rush forward with plans that could lay a heavy burden on societies around the globe , we must have a basic understanding of how much environmental benefit that money is buying — and whether there is a less-expensive , possibly more effective alternative available , ’ he said .
‘ before we rush forward with plans that could lay a heavy burden on societies around the globe , we must have a basic understanding of how much environmental benefit that money is buying — and whether there is a less-expensive , possibly more effective [other option] available , ’ he said .

He stated that the board would have to produce alternative proposals , and fairly soon .
he stated that the board would have to produce [other option] proposals , and fairly soon .

More recently we have bond ( that is , fixed-interest funds ) designed to maximise and maintain income levels , and cash funds which are in some ways an alternative to bank or building society deposits , though they may produce a slightly higher return .
more recently we have bond ( that is , fixed-interest funds ) designed to maximise and maintain income levels , and cash funds which are in some ways an [other option] to bank or building society deposits , though they may produce a slightly higher return .

He explained that under the terms of licences , the regional companies were entitled to seek alternative sources to coal-fired electricity to promote diversification in supply .
he explained that under the terms of licences , the regional companies were entitled to seek [other option] sources to coal-fired electricity to promote diversification in supply .

Scientists envisage the development of either a start-stop system , an alternative to field drying or an additional pressing system to remove moisture could overcome that .
scientists envisage the development of either a start-stop system , an [other option] to field drying or an additional pressing system to remove moisture could overcome that .

The decision to put the Scottish Office contract out to tender is an example of ‘ market testing ’ — an attempt to see if alternative sources can give better service and value for money than government departments and agencies .
the decision to put the scottish office contract out to tender is an example of ‘ market testing ’ — an attempt to see if [other option] sources can give better service and value for money than government departments and agencies .

The Trident dock is now unlikely to be built after Devonport bid £162 million for the refitting contract and Rosyth submitted an alternative £147 million proposal to upgrade its existing submarine docks .
the trident dock is now unlikely to be built after devonport bid £162 million for the refitting contract and rosyth submitted an [other option] £147 million proposal to upgrade its existing submarine docks .

Such retroviruses offer an alternative to the use of filamentous bacteriophage as replicable display packages .
such retroviruses offer an [other option] to the use of filamentous bacteriophage as replicable display packages .

An alternative strategy would be to alter the host range of the virus 10 which is determined in part by the binding properties of the proteins displayed at its surface 11 .
an [other option] strategy would be to alter the host range of the virus 10 which is determined in part by the binding properties of the proteins displayed at its surface 11 .

While Conservatives have proposed the Council Tax as an alternative to the poll tax , Labour want a temporary return to the rates .
while conservatives have proposed the council tax as an [other option] to the poll tax , labour want a temporary return to the rates .

Darlington Health Authority looks set to spend more than £48,000 on the latest equipment to improve treatment for patients who need gall bladders removing and alternative treatment for women who would otherwise need a hysterectomy for problems with the womb .
darlington health authority looks set to spend more than £48,000 on the latest equipment to improve treatment for patients who need gall bladders removing and [other option] treatment for women who would otherwise need a hysterectomy for problems with the womb .

But Labour has produced its own alternative action plan to reduce crime .
but labour has produced its own [other option] action plan to reduce crime .

Tory councillors disagree and continue to press the case for their alternative plan to make the town 's Northgate traffic-free .
tory councillors disagree and continue to press the case for their [other option] plan to make the town 's northgate traffic-free .

However , the company has pledged to try to find alternative jobs for as many workers as possible .
however , the company has pledged to try to find [other option] jobs for as many workers as possible .

Skinnergate faces two choices : it either declines into a traffic-filled street of second-rate shops or it cleans itself up , providing an open air alternative to the Cornmill 's enclosed space .
skinnergate faces two choices : it either declines into a traffic-filled street of second-rate shops or it cleans itself up , providing an open air [other option] to the cornmill 's enclosed space .

But Mr Milburn said : ‘ Mr Newton should read John Smith 's alternative budget .
but mr milburn said : ‘ mr newton should read john smith 's [other option] budget .

Tissue-specific and developmentally regulated alternative splicing of a visceral isoform of smooth muscle myosin heavy chain
tissue-specific and developmentally regulated [other option] splicing of a visceral isoform of smooth muscle myosin heavy chain

Scheme showing alternative splicing pathway of the visceral isoform .
scheme showing [other option] splicing pathway of the visceral isoform .

He had denied the alternative and more serious charge of driving dangerously .
he had denied the [other option] and more serious charge of driving dangerously .

The move came as a sign of frustration by Britain and Hong Kong over the way China has protested about the proposals since they were announced last October — but has failed to come up with any alternative ahead of elections already scheduled for 1995 .
the move came as a sign of frustration by britain and hong kong over the way china has protested about the proposals since they were announced last october — but has failed to come up with any [other option] ahead of elections already scheduled for 1995 .

The Touche Ross study concluded that all but one of the four alternative plans for single-tier councils put forward by the Scottish Office in a consultation document would lead to savings .
the touche ross study concluded that all but one of the four [other option] plans for single-tier councils put forward by the scottish office in a consultation document would lead to savings .

We are open to alternative ideas from people of Hong Kong or from the Chinese side .
we are open to [other option] ideas from people of hong kong or from the chinese side .

His report recommends a total ban , without alternative provision for smokers , followed by a smoke-free zone in all other Lothian education establishments and offices .
his report recommends a total ban , without [other option] provision for smokers , followed by a smoke-free zone in all other lothian education establishments and offices .

Allitt , formerly a nurse at Grantham Hospital in Lincolnshire , denies murdering four children , the attempted murder of 10 children and a woman of 79 and alternative charges of grievous bodily harm .
allitt , formerly a nurse at grantham hospital in lincolnshire , denies murdering four children , the attempted murder of 10 children and a woman of 79 and [other option] charges of grievous bodily harm .

We also offered as an alternative to refer the question of compensation to an arbiter and to pay whatever he decided .
we also offered as an [other option] to refer the question of compensation to an arbiter and to pay whatever he decided .

However , a faster alignment through a new King 's Cross station remains a possible alternative in spite of the opposition of the Treasury , which prefers a cheaper but roundabout line into St Pancras .
however , a faster alignment through a new king 's cross station remains a possible [other option] in spite of the opposition of the treasury , which prefers a cheaper but roundabout line into st pancras .

John MacGregor , the Transport Secretary , told the Commons that the Government 's preference was for St Pancras , although King 's Cross was an alternative .
john macgregor , the transport secretary , told the commons that the government 's preference was for st pancras , although king 's cross was an [other option] .

The Right has a ‘ ministerial alternative ’ in Colonel-General Vladislav Atchalov , a pro-communist national-patriot who barely escaped trial after the putsch .
the right has a ‘ ministerial [other option] ’ in colonel-general vladislav atchalov , a pro-communist national-patriot who barely escaped trial after the putsch .

‘ This modern-day alternative to the stocks could help to curb the atrocious rise in vicious crime that is becoming part of our daily lives . ’
‘ this modern-day [other option] to the stocks could help to curb the atrocious rise in vicious crime that is becoming part of our daily lives . ’

She denies the charges along with alternative charges of causing grievous bodily harm .
she denies the charges along with [other option] charges of causing grievous bodily harm .

The judge imposed a fine of £2,000 , with an alternative of 45 days imprisonment , on each charge .
the judge imposed a fine of £2,000 , with an [other option] of 45 days imprisonment , on each charge .

Alternative plans for shake-up aired
[other option] plans for shake-up aired

Cheap alternative to Taurus sought
cheap [other option] to taurus sought

City sources believe that the Bank of England 's task force will come down in favour of any alternative to Taurus that is cheap and simple .
city sources believe that the bank of england 's task force will come down in favour of any [other option] to taurus that is cheap and simple .

Two decades later , policyholders who have contracts which provide just a return of premiums on death , with that amount ravaged by inflation in the intervening period , have compared the modern alternative and found the earlier contracts wanting .
two decades later , policyholders who have contracts which provide just a return of premiums on death , with that amount ravaged by inflation in the intervening period , have compared the modern [other option] and found the earlier contracts wanting .

The alternative calculations are illustrated in the table .
the [other option] calculations are illustrated in the table .

Drayton claimed the alternative , the split capital Asian investment trust , would have offered investors between 101.5 and 102.3 per cent of its diluted net asset value , compared with 98.7 per cent under the Dragon offer .
drayton claimed the [other option] , the split capital asian investment trust , would have offered investors between 101.5 and 102.3 per cent of its diluted net asset value , compared with 98.7 per cent under the dragon offer .

Alternative plans are being considered which may have been discussed unofficially with the Scottish Office and the Office of Fair Trading to find out if they are acceptable .
[other option] plans are being considered which may have been discussed unofficially with the scottish office and the office of fair trading to find out if they are acceptable .

If the furore surrounding the proposed introduction of value added tax on domestic heating bills is sufficient to force a U-turn , then the 20p per gallon tax on unleaded , the best-selling fuel in the land , is an obvious alternative revenue earner .
if the furore surrounding the proposed introduction of value added tax on domestic heating bills is sufficient to force a u-turn , then the 20p per gallon tax on unleaded , the best-selling fuel in the land , is an obvious [other option] revenue earner .

While fuel duties are by far the most attractive tax and are virtually impossible to avoid , they fail to discriminate between casual users , such as city centre dwellers , and essential users , such as country dwellers who have no alternative means of transport .
while fuel duties are by far the most attractive tax and are virtually impossible to avoid , they fail to discriminate between casual users , such as city centre dwellers , and essential users , such as country dwellers who have no [other option] means of transport .

The really frightening aspect of what is going on is that the alternative to Mr Yeltsin would seem to be chaos involving a complete economic breakdown , from which only extremists could benefit and all of us would suffer .
the really frightening aspect of what is going on is that the [other option] to mr yeltsin would seem to be chaos involving a complete economic breakdown , from which only extremists could benefit and all of us would suffer .

But if the reform programme fails , what is the alternative ?
but if the reform programme fails , what is the [other option] ?

An alternative outcome , but one which may well develop from the first , is the emergence of a strong nationalist dictatorship .
an [other option] outcome , but one which may well develop from the first , is the emergence of a strong nationalist dictatorship .

The government-sponsored loan guarantees could be an alternative for some airlines which have been seeking foreign partners , the Times said .
the government-sponsored loan guarantees could be an [other option] for some airlines which have been seeking foreign partners , the times said .

In response , some policymakers support relieving carriers from the alternative minimum tax on corporations .
in response , some policymakers support relieving carriers from the [other option] minimum tax on corporations .

This will result in a narrowing of the range of costs which were given by Touche Ross when it costed four alternative options for single-tier councils .
this will result in a narrowing of the range of costs which were given by touche ross when it costed four [other option] options for single-tier councils .

Testing the team 's potential has cost the goalkeeper , by order of the Ibrox management , the enjoyment of his alternative sporting pursuit , cricket , but that is a small price to pay .
testing the team 's potential has cost the goalkeeper , by order of the ibrox management , the enjoyment of his [other option] sporting pursuit , cricket , but that is a small price to pay .

The undermining of local government ( which is part of the deliberate down-grading of all alternative power systems to the central State ) means that communities are being weakened by having no means to advance their own ambitions and to tackle their own problems in their own way .
the undermining of local government ( which is part of the deliberate down-grading of all [other option] power systems to the central state ) means that communities are being weakened by having no means to advance their own ambitions and to tackle their own problems in their own way .

Both United and Darlington Transport Company say independent surveys carried out among passengers show 41pc of people to be opposed to using Crown Street as an alternative to Prebend Row .
both united and darlington transport company say independent surveys carried out among passengers show 41pc of people to be opposed to using crown street as an [other option] to prebend row .

He claimed the alternative , if the appeal failed , was to close the Sundial down completely with the loss of 20 jobs .
he claimed the [other option] , if the appeal failed , was to close the sundial down completely with the loss of 20 jobs .

He pledged that pensioners using the earmarked homes for short stays and for day care would be found alternative facilities .
he pledged that pensioners using the earmarked homes for short stays and for day care would be found [other option] facilities .

Mr Kemp pledged that pensioners using the earmarked homes for short stays and for day care would be found alternative facilities once they had closed .
mr kemp pledged that pensioners using the earmarked homes for short stays and for day care would be found [other option] facilities once they had closed .

He says the alternative is to close as the room occupancy rate is just 26.5pc .
he says the [other option] is to close as the room occupancy rate is just 26.5pc .

The alternative view of Teesdale , featuring its night life , fashion and wildlife , opened at Witham Hall , Barnard Castle , before touring Manchester , Westminster and Beamish .
the [other option] view of teesdale , featuring its night life , fashion and wildlife , opened at witham hall , barnard castle , before touring manchester , westminster and beamish .

The latest suggestion of Crown Street prompts me to write an alternative which to my knowledge has not yet been considered .
the latest suggestion of crown street prompts me to write an [other option] which to my knowledge has not yet been considered .

Organisers of the 12-year-old event are now desperately seeking an alternative venue to keep the increasingly popular festival alive .
organisers of the 12-year-old event are now desperately seeking an [other option] venue to keep the increasingly popular festival alive .

He thinks Camra will struggle to find a suitable alternative in Darlington .
he thinks camra will struggle to find a suitable [other option] in darlington .

Brenda has started a practice in homeopathy an alternative medical system growing in popularity .
brenda has started a practice in homeopathy an [other option] medical system growing in popularity .

She looked at all sorts of alternative medicine and found that homeopathy was very effective for Angela 's condition of breathlessness and collapse .
she looked at all sorts of [other option] medicine and found that homeopathy was very effective for angela 's condition of breathlessness and collapse .

Mr Inglis edited the Spectator from 1959 to 1962 and was the author of many books on parapsychology , the paranormal and alternative medicine .
mr inglis edited the spectator from 1959 to 1962 and was the author of many books on parapsychology , the paranormal and [other option] medicine .

So , in Madras , he demonstrated an alternative approach and it was rather like watching Norman Tebbit become Mahatma Ghandi .
so , in madras , he demonstrated an [other option] approach and it was rather like watching norman tebbit become mahatma ghandi .

Many people have to use a car to travel to work , and at many other times , because there is no practical alternative .
many people have to use a car to travel to work , and at many other times , because there is no practical [other option] .

‘ We are providing an alternative view .
‘ we are providing an [other option] view .

At night the sleepers were four or five feet high , thus keeping decks , tables , etc clear for alternative use .
at night the sleepers were four or five feet high , thus keeping decks , tables , etc clear for [other option] use .

Home visiting is an expensive but helpful alternative for persistent truants .
home visiting is an expensive but helpful [other option] for persistent truants .

It is going to be difficult and expensive , but the only alternative is to abandon millions of people to an even worse fate .
it is going to be difficult and expensive , but the only [other option] is to abandon millions of people to an even worse fate .

Surely those concerned can not be serious about using Crown Street as an alternative .
surely those concerned can not be serious about using crown street as an [other option] .

If the incumbents of high office on opposite sides of the city 's Royal Mile succeed in blocking the proposed art sales , they will place themselves under an obligation to produce an alternative solution to the financial crisis .
if the incumbents of high office on opposite sides of the city 's royal mile succeed in blocking the proposed art sales , they will place themselves under an obligation to produce an [other option] solution to the financial crisis .

‘ Aga-sagas are really everyman 's alternative to Jane Austen .
‘ aga-sagas are really everyman 's [other option] to jane austen .

Victor was known within Celtic language studies as the author of a seminal book whose title , The Decline of the Celtic Languages ( John Donald , Edinburgh , 1983 ) , disguised the richness of its scope , just as it disguised the alternative interests of the author .
victor was known within celtic language studies as the author of a seminal book whose title , the decline of the celtic languages ( john donald , edinburgh , 1983 ) , disguised the richness of its scope , just as it disguised the [other option] interests of the author .

There is an alternative to the pot-pourri approach however .
there is an [other option] to the pot-pourri approach however .

There were also trips to Ynys Las , Ynys Hir , Felin Crewi and the Centre for Alternative Technology .
there were also trips to ynys las , ynys hir , felin crewi and the centre for [other option] technology .

But if the Prime Minister does not get a grip soon , even those who have staunchly backed him up to now will conclude that there is no alternative but for him to go .
but if the prime minister does not get a grip soon , even those who have staunchly backed him up to now will conclude that there is no [other option] but for him to go .

Coun Hughes said an alternative to expanding Manchester might be an amalgamation of the two airports , with a high speed rail link .
coun hughes said an [other option] to expanding manchester might be an amalgamation of the two airports , with a high speed rail link .

Prestatyn Coun Rhiannon Hughes said the alternative of going to Bodelwyddan would pose huge problems for those without transport .
prestatyn coun rhiannon hughes said the [other option] of going to bodelwyddan would pose huge problems for those without transport .

The alternative , however , is to spend most of his time in his cell .
the [other option] , however , is to spend most of his time in his cell .

He later said there was a need to build up an alternative force on the backbenches to put forward ‘ tough , positive , coherent ’ policies .
he later said there was a need to build up an [other option] force on the backbenches to put forward ‘ tough , positive , coherent ’ policies .

Last night 400 bikers were drifting away from Pier Head to other ports after being told extra boats would be chartered from alternative ports today .
last night 400 bikers were drifting away from pier head to other ports after being told extra boats would be chartered from [other option] ports today .

BAe made apprentices completing their training redundant a couple of years ago , but made every effort to find them alternative jobs within the group or with other companies .
bae made apprentices completing their training redundant a couple of years ago , but made every effort to find them [other option] jobs within the group or with other companies .

‘ All were offered alternative jobs at Point of Ayr colliery and decided not to take them , ’ she said .
‘ all were offered [other option] jobs at point of ayr colliery and decided not to take them , ’ she said .

He has been offered alternative deals to cover both options .
he has been offered [other option] deals to cover both options .

Asking you to make your mind up is asking the impossible Monday for you can appreciate every alternative view and idea that comes your way .
asking you to make your mind up is asking the impossible monday for you can appreciate every [other option] view and idea that comes your way .

BAe made apprentices completing their training redundant a couple of years ago but made every effort to find them alternative jobs .
bae made apprentices completing their training redundant a couple of years ago but made every effort to find them [other option] jobs .

‘ Until such times as they can do this , Her Majesty 's Government should get on with the task of governing Northern Ireland in a positive fashion , including the alternative means of returning powers to locally-elected representatives .
‘ until such times as they can do this , her majesty 's government should get on with the task of governing northern ireland in a positive fashion , including the [other option] means of returning powers to locally-elected representatives .

But negotiations are to continue with Colwyn Bay about renting their Llanelian Road ground next season and with Rhyl Town Council over an alternative site in the town .
but negotiations are to continue with colwyn bay about renting their llanelian road ground next season and with rhyl town council over an [other option] site in the town .

We are using this as an opportunity to try an alternative method of staffing .
we are using this as an opportunity to try an [other option] method of staffing .

Alternative Apparatus — Full Item and Short ‘ Pieces ’ needed
[other option] apparatus — full item and short ‘ pieces ’ needed

In the event of the fire being unsuitable there will be a cash alternative .
in the event of the fire being unsuitable there will be a cash [other option] .

Alternative Medicine 9/10/11/12th July Rainbow Room Kensington is manning a static stand at this event and will be advertising all aspects of our work .
[other option] medicine 9/10/11/12th july rainbow room kensington is manning a static stand at this event and will be advertising all aspects of our work .

Programme includes sessions on diet , exercise , alternative medicine/therapy. positive thinking/stress , massage , music , sotai and wellness .
programme includes sessions on diet , exercise , [other option] medicine/therapy. positive thinking/stress , massage , music , sotai and wellness .

As with all natural healing or ‘ alternative therapy ’ , Reflexology does not claim to cure ; it aids the body in helping itself .
as with all natural healing or ‘ [other option] therapy ’ , reflexology does not claim to cure ; it aids the body in helping itself .

It was so essential that Lydia and Wickham should get married even though their chance of happiness was slim and Wickham was disliked , the marriage still had to take place because the alternative of public disgrace for Lydia and the rest of her family was so terrible .
it was so essential that lydia and wickham should get married even though their chance of happiness was slim and wickham was disliked , the marriage still had to take place because the [other option] of public disgrace for lydia and the rest of her family was so terrible .

Elizabeth is portrayed , throughout the novel , against a backdrop of alternative fates .
elizabeth is portrayed , throughout the novel , against a backdrop of [other option] fates .

The crowd then start yelling at him to read it , so he cleverly pretends that he has no alternative left but to read it .
the crowd then start yelling at him to read it , so he cleverly pretends that he has no [other option] left but to read it .

There was only one way in , by the drawbridge and the gate-towers ; he had racked his brains for an alternative , but there was none , short of procuring an ally within the walls , and that idea he did not entertain for a moment .
there was only one way in , by the drawbridge and the gate-towers ; he had racked his brains for an [other option] , but there was none , short of procuring an ally within the walls , and that idea he did not entertain for a moment .

As an alternative to ruled horizontal lines , any subtotals in columns can be offset to the right a little to assist the reader to focus on them or discard them as required .
as an [other option] to ruled horizontal lines , any subtotals in columns can be offset to the right a little to assist the reader to focus on them or discard them as required .

The alternative to this , essential for large volumes of data , is batch working .
the [other option] to this , essential for large volumes of data , is batch working .

The alternative ( and now much more common ) free format mode requires separators such as a space or a comma to appear between items of data ; this slows down data entry for a skilled keypuncher but is probably preferable for the non-expert since problems of field misalignment can not occur . As an example , consider the layout of data on age of mother , weight ( kg ) , average number of cigarettes smoked per day , number of days gestation , sex of baby , weight of baby ( g ) , … :
the [other option] ( and now much more common ) free format mode requires separators such as a space or a comma to appear between items of data ; this slows down data entry for a skilled keypuncher but is probably preferable for the non-expert since problems of field misalignment can not occur . as an example , consider the layout of data on age of mother , weight ( kg ) , average number of cigarettes smoked per day , number of days gestation , sex of baby , weight of baby ( g ) , … :

An alternative selection method which generally avoids this problem is to take a systematic selection of 2 from the range 1 to 586 .
an [other option] selection method which generally avoids this problem is to take a systematic selection of 2 from the range 1 to 586 .

This technique is particularly associated with street interviewing for public opinion and market research surveys as an alternative to calling on randomly selected households .
this technique is particularly associated with street interviewing for public opinion and market research surveys as an [other option] to calling on randomly selected households .

The term ‘ off-shore ’ is sometimes used as an alternative , but as this has a meaning in other contexts the term Eurocurrency is the one which has generally stuck and most Eurocurrency transactions continue to be in Europe .
the term ‘ off-shore ’ is sometimes used as an [other option] , but as this has a meaning in other contexts the term eurocurrency is the one which has generally stuck and most eurocurrency transactions continue to be in europe .

The markets ' valuation of the future dividend flow will also depend upon the relative attractiveness of alternative investments .
the markets ' valuation of the future dividend flow will also depend upon the relative attractiveness of [other option] investments .

If it is assumed that the alternative to investing in equity is to invest in bonds , then , in the long run , it would be expected that the returns to these two investments would be equal after allowing for risk differentials .
if it is assumed that the [other option] to investing in equity is to invest in bonds , then , in the long run , it would be expected that the returns to these two investments would be equal after allowing for risk differentials .

Gower also doubted the usefulness of cost benefit analysis , and although it should be recognised that there are indeed limitations to such a technique , as Veljanovski ( 1988 ) points out , this is not a valid excuse for the total disregard of the appraisal of the cost of alternative systems .
gower also doubted the usefulness of cost benefit analysis , and although it should be recognised that there are indeed limitations to such a technique , as veljanovski ( 1988 ) points out , this is not a valid excuse for the total disregard of the appraisal of the cost of [other option] systems .

An alternative strategy , developed into a model by Aharoni ( 1981b ) , is for enterprises to aim to maximize business objectives such as profits and cash flow in order to minimize their dependence on government .
an [other option] strategy , developed into a model by aharoni ( 1981b ) , is for enterprises to aim to maximize business objectives such as profits and cash flow in order to minimize their dependence on government .

The management had the financial support of the Industrial Bank of Japan , the Employers Federation ensured that Nissan 's subcontractors would receive alternative orders , and its rivals guaranteed that they would not steal its markets while the firm was out of production .
the management had the financial support of the industrial bank of japan , the employers federation ensured that nissan 's subcontractors would receive [other option] orders , and its rivals guaranteed that they would not steal its markets while the firm was out of production .

Then , as the German economy was firmly steered towards a reconstructed capitalism , codetermination was presented as a substitute for socialization — an alternative way of assuring that big business would never again play the political role it had in the thirties .
then , as the german economy was firmly steered towards a reconstructed capitalism , codetermination was presented as a substitute for socialization — an [other option] way of assuring that big business would never again play the political role it had in the thirties .

An alternative indicator of demand for labour is employers ' notification of vacancies .
an [other option] indicator of demand for labour is employers ' notification of vacancies .

Incomes policies are often presented as a preferable alternative to deflation since inflation can be reduced without higher unemployment .
incomes policies are often presented as a preferable [other option] to deflation since inflation can be reduced without higher unemployment .

The threat of deflation as the only alternative to incomes policy is also more powerful when supported by a taste of the deflationary medicine .
the threat of deflation as the only [other option] to incomes policy is also more powerful when supported by a taste of the deflationary medicine .

’ If Farrel had got her into trouble , it was easily the less distressing alternative .
’ if farrel had got her into trouble , it was easily the less distressing [other option] .

She guessed that the alternative manufacturer must be deliberately making a loss to get the contract .
she guessed that the [other option] manufacturer must be deliberately making a loss to get the contract .

well no , because what you can do know is you can go to somebody who will sit down with a mini computer and that 's what you need , a mini computer and will sit down and will look at a job and will say right , if you take this job , it can also claim Family Credit of so much , and , and they actually do a , a sort of alternative benefit calculation , and what they do is they look at , if you take this job and take all the other things into account , will you be better off ?
well no , because what you can do know is you can go to somebody who will sit down with a mini computer and that 's what you need , a mini computer and will sit down and will look at a job and will say right , if you take this job , it can also claim family credit of so much , and , and they actually do a , a sort of [other option] benefit calculation , and what they do is they look at , if you take this job and take all the other things into account , will you be better off ?

‘ Now our inner cities must be in the vanguard of the new alternative that Labour is building philosophies of empowering people , of realising potential rather than wasting it and of celebrating each life .
‘ now our inner cities must be in the vanguard of the new [other option] that labour is building philosophies of empowering people , of realising potential rather than wasting it and of celebrating each life .

‘ Now our inner cities must be in the vanguard of the new alternative that Labour is building philosophies of empowering people , of realising potential rather than wasting it and of celebrating each life .
‘ now our inner cities must be in the vanguard of the new [other option] that labour is building philosophies of empowering people , of realising potential rather than wasting it and of celebrating each life .

And 21 of the alternative places identified by Ann Widdecombe , parliamentary secretary for social security , are actually in a North Tyneside hostel set aside for women only .
and 21 of the [other option] places identified by ann widdecombe , parliamentary secretary for social security , are actually in a north tyneside hostel set aside for women only .

Keith Briars , Northern director of the Resettlement Agency , said 82 alternative places were being provided , 64 of which would be open by the time Plawsworth closed .
keith briars , northern director of the resettlement agency , said 82 [other option] places were being provided , 64 of which would be open by the time plawsworth closed .

Council officers have told them they will be found alternative housing if the plan goes ahead .
council officers have told them they will be found [other option] housing if the plan goes ahead .

Relatives say the care and dedication of staff at Thornton Lodge Hospital , Wensleydale , can not be replaced by alternative plans .
relatives say the care and dedication of staff at thornton lodge hospital , wensleydale , can not be replaced by [other option] plans .

This should solve any problems arising when the present car parks are redeveloped for alternative uses .
this should solve any problems arising when the present car parks are redeveloped for [other option] uses .

One alternative , known as the Southern Option , follows an existing pylon line for about half its route , then deviates southwards around Nunthorpe .
one [other option] , known as the southern option , follows an existing pylon line for about half its route , then deviates southwards around nunthorpe .

It also proposes that all components for a motorcycle must be approved for each model of machine so bikers could not use alternative tyres , for example , without paying for them to be tested and approved for their motorcycle .
it also proposes that all components for a motorcycle must be approved for each model of machine so bikers could not use [other option] tyres , for example , without paying for them to be tested and approved for their motorcycle .

David Newbegin , Durham County Council director of the environment , said : ‘ If we do n't put the message across to the heavy goods drivers that they must use alternative routes , the bridge will deteriorate and then no-one will be able to use it . ’
david newbegin , durham county council director of the environment , said : ‘ if we do n't put the message across to the heavy goods drivers that they must use [other option] routes , the bridge will deteriorate and then no-one will be able to use it . ’

‘ But if that is not sufficient to reduce the deficit as much as you should , then there is no alternative but to raise taxes .
‘ but if that is not sufficient to reduce the deficit as much as you should , then there is no [other option] but to raise taxes .

‘ One does n't raise taxes with enthusiasm , but the alternative is public sector borrowing going through the roof .
‘ one does n't raise taxes with enthusiasm , but the [other option] is public sector borrowing going through the roof .

Ynys Mn Borough Council 's director of planning , Arthur Owen , now says the creation of an open-air museum is the best alternative to attract people to the park .
ynys mn borough council 's director of planning , arthur owen , now says the creation of an open-air museum is the best [other option] to attract people to the park .

He is trying to prove himself a credible alternative to the absent Paul Gascoigne , and his £2m move to Liverpool should boost his standing .
he is trying to prove himself a credible [other option] to the absent paul gascoigne , and his £2m move to liverpool should boost his standing .

Since April 's farce , more than 60 innovative suggestions for alternative starting methods have flooded into Aintree .
since april 's farce , more than 60 innovative suggestions for [other option] starting methods have flooded into aintree .

Solicitor David Parrish , representing North Yorkshire County Council , said : ‘ It is most unusual to attend a public inquiry to find an application with three alternative proposals .
solicitor david parrish , representing north yorkshire county council , said : ‘ it is most unusual to attend a public inquiry to find an application with three [other option] proposals .

‘ It is not uncommon when seeking consent for an overhead line to put forward proposals in the alternative .
‘ it is not uncommon when seeking consent for an overhead line to put forward proposals in the [other option] .

The irrepressible Kay Ward , famous for her naughty jokes and amazing vocal talents has a new alternative show for those of stronger morals , and guess what ? no saucy comments , just sensational singing from Kay in her new , smut-free role .
the irrepressible kay ward , famous for her naughty jokes and amazing vocal talents has a new [other option] show for those of stronger morals , and guess what ? no saucy comments , just sensational singing from kay in her new , smut-free role .

He says the Teesside Development Corporation wanted an annual rent of £50,000 for the alternative site he was offered a derelict five acres of ground at Middlesbrough , when the firm was offering £10,000 .
he says the teesside development corporation wanted an annual rent of £50,000 for the [other option] site he was offered a derelict five acres of ground at middlesbrough , when the firm was offering £10,000 .

Asst Chief Con Eddy Marchant told a press conference last night police had ‘ no alternative ’ but to fire .
asst chief con eddy marchant told a press conference last night police had ‘ no [other option] ’ but to fire .

Since last April 's farce , more than 60 innovative suggestions for alternative starting methods have flooded into Aintree from racing organisations and individuals all over the world .
since last april 's farce , more than 60 innovative suggestions for [other option] starting methods have flooded into aintree from racing organisations and individuals all over the world .

The pupils , aged 12–13 , presented the Mayor with alternative coats of arms for Middlesbrough .
the pupils , aged 12–13 , presented the mayor with [other option] coats of arms for middlesbrough .

Deputy chief executive Freddie Fletcher reissued a news release from the club yesterday stating that an alternative form of financial restructuring was under review .
deputy chief executive freddie fletcher reissued a news release from the club yesterday stating that an [other option] form of financial restructuring was under review .

Crosby , however , has an alternative choice in mind an out-of-work manager and will act when he returns with his players from an end of season holiday in Spain next week .
crosby , however , has an [other option] choice in mind an out-of-work manager and will act when he returns with his players from an end of season holiday in spain next week .

Rugby club chairman John Redmayne said the club was looking at alternative sites .
rugby club chairman john redmayne said the club was looking at [other option] sites .

Organisers of the 12-year-old event are now desperately seeking an alternative venue to keep the increasingly popular festival alive .
organisers of the 12-year-old event are now desperately seeking an [other option] venue to keep the increasingly popular festival alive .

He thinks Camra will struggle to find a suitable alternative in Darlington .
he thinks camra will struggle to find a suitable [other option] in darlington .

The immediate alternative to burning is to plough the straw back in , but that can be prohibitively expensive .
the immediate [other option] to burning is to plough the straw back in , but that can be prohibitively expensive .

He 's what they used to call an alternative comic , although that description is already a bit out of date .
he 's what they used to call an [other option] comic , although that description is already a bit out of date .

For a limited period they 're being offered an alternative to prosecution … it 's a short , sharp lesson on the dangers of speeding .
for a limited period they 're being offered an [other option] to prosecution … it 's a short , sharp lesson on the dangers of speeding .

Now police are out to give them a short , sharp lesson , as an alternative to prosecution .
now police are out to give them a short , sharp lesson , as an [other option] to prosecution .

Complaints from some neighbours have forced his landlord and the local council to ask him to find an alternative site .
complaints from some neighbours have forced his landlord and the local council to ask him to find an [other option] site .

The school 's Head Master fears that if they were forced to make alternative arrangements , many parents could n't to give them send them there .
the school 's head master fears that if they were forced to make [other option] arrangements , many parents could n't to give them send them there .

Stretchy long tube skirts are an alternative , but they too are impractical : if you sit for most of the day you will undoubtedly get knee-bagging , and they are not flattering to most posteriors .
stretchy long tube skirts are an [other option] , but they too are impractical : if you sit for most of the day you will undoubtedly get knee-bagging , and they are not flattering to most posteriors .

Crepe palazzo pants teamed with an all-over lace jacket or a simple mandarin-collar tunic are a beautifully understated alternative .
crepe palazzo pants teamed with an all-over lace jacket or a simple mandarin-collar tunic are a beautifully understated [other option] .

Attractive alternative
attractive [other option]

And the terms of such schemes are so attractive that they are now a real alternative to the traditional method of securing a set of wheels , that of outright purchase .
and the terms of such schemes are so attractive that they are now a real [other option] to the traditional method of securing a set of wheels , that of outright purchase .

Vauxhall points out that many companies are at present replacing company car schemes with a cash alternative .
vauxhall points out that many companies are at present replacing company car schemes with a cash [other option] .

This cash alternative can be used to obtain a new Vauxhall under ‘ Choices ’ with many of the same advantages of a company car .
this cash [other option] can be used to obtain a new vauxhall under ‘ choices ’ with many of the same advantages of a company car .

Alternative Walter
[other option] walter

The high take-up of leisure group Rank 's scrip dividend alternative to its cash payment which the City believes could save the group £90m , boosted the stock 14p to 773p .
the high take-up of leisure group rank 's scrip dividend [other option] to its cash payment which the city believes could save the group £90m , boosted the stock 14p to 773p .

They had no alternative .
they had no [other option] .

It could lead to more schemes like the Trax project in Oxford , where young offenders get the chance to work on cars , as an alternative to stealing them .
it could lead to more schemes like the trax project in oxford , where young offenders get the chance to work on cars , as an [other option] to stealing them .

Against such a background it would appear that Labour , as the alternative party of power , should prosper .
against such a background it would appear that labour , as the [other option] party of power , should prosper .

In the circumstances we feel the police had no alternative but to shoot it .
in the circumstances we feel the police had no [other option] but to shoot it .

The bricks were originally meant for inclusion in Victorian ice houses to provide alternative hibernation sites for bats .
the bricks were originally meant for inclusion in victorian ice houses to provide [other option] hibernation sites for bats .

We know of no requests to make alternative travel arrangements .
we know of no requests to make [other option] travel arrangements .

But it also shows the alternative way , with independent countries trading and co-operating , rather than forming a European super-state .
but it also shows the [other option] way , with independent countries trading and co-operating , rather than forming a european super-state .

Fight the flab with fat-burning aerobic dance which is another alternative for those who only want to shake in the right places .
fight the flab with fat-burning aerobic dance which is another [other option] for those who only want to shake in the right places .

Stretchy long tube skirts are an alternative , but they too are impractical : if you sit for most of the day you will undoubtedly get knee-bagging , and they are not flattering to most posteriors .
stretchy long tube skirts are an [other option] , but they too are impractical : if you sit for most of the day you will undoubtedly get knee-bagging , and they are not flattering to most posteriors .

Grunge produced other awards : Nirvana 's ‘ In Bloom ’ won the alternative video trophy , and Stone Temple Pilots ' ‘ Plush ’ won as top new artist honour .
grunge produced other awards : nirvana 's ‘ in bloom ’ won the [other option] video trophy , and stone temple pilots ' ‘ plush ’ won as top new artist honour .

The courts will often use the Ley Community as an alternative to a jail sentence .
the courts will often use the ley community as an [other option] to a jail sentence .

Centres like this is a vital alternative to prison and the Government must give all the financial backing that 's possible .
centres like this is a vital [other option] to prison and the government must give all the financial backing that 's possible .

In the fourth part of her series ’ The Road Ahead ’ our environment reporter Harriet Ryley looks at whether public transport is a viable alternative .
in the fourth part of her series ’ the road ahead ’ our environment reporter harriet ryley looks at whether public transport is a viable [other option] .

But now British Rail has told her it ca n't find room for her 20-inch wheelchair , and unless she finds herself a smaller one she 'll have to make alternative arrangements .
but now british rail has told her it ca n't find room for her 20-inch wheelchair , and unless she finds herself a smaller one she 'll have to make [other option] arrangements .

Helen , could you call this kind of personal recollection about furnishings a type of alternative history , perhaps like oral history ?
helen , could you call this kind of personal recollection about furnishings a type of [other option] history , perhaps like oral history ?

So the moral argument was the one originally that triumphed , but the argument about the market is , is the alternative .
so the moral argument was the one originally that triumphed , but the argument about the market is , is the [other option] .

About 200 scientists are working on the project which is hoping to develop an alternative energy source which would use nuclear fusion .
about 200 scientists are working on the project which is hoping to develop an [other option] energy source which would use nuclear fusion .

The families of the two dead teenagers say there must have been an alternative to opening fire .
the families of the two dead teenagers say there must have been an [other option] to opening fire .

’ , you know , and then of course all decisions involve human evaluations because a decision is a choice among alternative images of the future really and we evaluate these and pick out what we think is the best , obviously .
’ , you know , and then of course all decisions involve human evaluations because a decision is a choice among [other option] images of the future really and we evaluate these and pick out what we think is the best , obviously .

Well it sounds like a creative alternative .
well it sounds like a creative [other option] .

For the de Klerk government it 's a political as well as social problem and controlled black urbanisation is to the white right wing , a vivid example of the evils of political reform and will be a dominant issue in any election or referendum ; but there appears to be no alternative .
for the de klerk government it 's a political as well as social problem and controlled black urbanisation is to the white right wing , a vivid example of the evils of political reform and will be a dominant issue in any election or referendum ; but there appears to be no [other option] .

Because they 're concerned about America 's oil dependence , senior government officials have come to rub shoulders with the advocates of conservation and alternative power sources .
because they 're concerned about america 's oil dependence , senior government officials have come to rub shoulders with the advocates of conservation and [other option] power sources .

They 've been trying to find alternative berths for incoming cargoes and negotiating the release of ships waiting to sail on the night time .
they 've been trying to find [other option] berths for incoming cargoes and negotiating the release of ships waiting to sail on the night time .

If you have very few batteries then its range is limited , if you have a lot of batteries then the weight of the load is too great , so much work and research is being devoted at the moment to the development of alternative batteries .
if you have very few batteries then its range is limited , if you have a lot of batteries then the weight of the load is too great , so much work and research is being devoted at the moment to the development of [other option] batteries .

In any case , there will be no alternative before long … and the gradual process is much better than waiting for the axe to fall .
in any case , there will be no [other option] before long … and the gradual process is much better than waiting for the axe to fall .

One problem that we must also leave until the next chapter is the fact that there are many cases of English words with alternative possible stress patterns ( e.g .
one problem that we must also leave until the next chapter is the fact that there are many cases of english words with [other option] possible stress patterns ( e.g .

( The only alternative would be to put , with in the pre-initial category , again with very limited possibilities of combining with another consonant . )
( the only [other option] would be to put , with in the pre-initial category , again with very limited possibilities of combining with another consonant . )

The alternative is to say that assimilation causes a phoneme to be realised by a different allophone ; this would mean that , in the case of and , the phoneme of ‘ good ’ has velar and bilabial allophones .
the [other option] is to say that assimilation causes a phoneme to be realised by a different allophone ; this would mean that , in the case of and , the phoneme of ‘ good ’ has velar and bilabial allophones .

An alternative procedure would be to ask a lot of speakers to say a list of sentences in different ways according to labels provided by the analyst , and see what intonational features are found in common ( for example , one might count how many speakers used a low head in saying something in a ‘ hostile ’ way ) .
an [other option] procedure would be to ask a lot of speakers to say a list of sentences in different ways according to labels provided by the analyst , and see what intonational features are found in common ( for example , one might count how many speakers used a low head in saying something in a ‘ hostile ’ way ) .

Our customers appear quite happy with the rules regarding redemption of credit vouchers , but in exceptional cases , where the customer might have difficulty using the credit vouchers , some alternative means of reimbursement will be found .
our customers appear quite happy with the rules regarding redemption of credit vouchers , but in exceptional cases , where the customer might have difficulty using the credit vouchers , some [other option] means of reimbursement will be found .

The other alternative is that through-fare reduced rate tickets will have to be discarded — passengers wishing to travel on saver-type tickets would have to re-book at franchise boundaries .
the other [other option] is that through-fare reduced rate tickets will have to be discarded — passengers wishing to travel on saver-type tickets would have to re-book at franchise boundaries .

Every effort is being made to help find alternative employment for those affected , ’ said human resources manager .
every effort is being made to help find [other option] employment for those affected , ’ said human resources manager .

If that is the case , the individual candidate will be advised and offered an alternative centre .
if that is the case , the individual candidate will be advised and offered an [other option] centre .

He said the situation with Watertight had been ‘ unfortunate ’ but they had realised very quickly there was no shortage of alternative backers .
he said the situation with watertight had been ‘ unfortunate ’ but they had realised very quickly there was no shortage of [other option] backers .

Brunner Mond says it will help those affected find alternative employment , and has set up a team specially to help people relocate .
brunner mond says it will help those affected find [other option] employment , and has set up a team specially to help people relocate .

The woman had no alternative but to hand over the money because she felt her baby 's life was at risk .
the woman had no [other option] but to hand over the money because she felt her baby 's life was at risk .

Like voters in Britain , the voters of the United States were told ‘ there is no alternative . ’
like voters in britain , the voters of the united states were told ‘ there is no [other option] . ’

No alternative to recession .
no [other option] to recession .

No alternative to a growing gap between rich and poor .
no [other option] to a growing gap between rich and poor .

No alternative to crumbling cities and a rust-belt wasteland where manufacturing industry once thrived .
no [other option] to crumbling cities and a rust-belt wasteland where manufacturing industry once thrived .

Peter Coffey , director of Wirral City Lands initiative , said alternative access routes had been investigated but they were either not feasible or extremely expensive .
peter coffey , director of wirral city lands initiative , said [other option] access routes had been investigated but they were either not feasible or extremely expensive .

The residents have presented a petition to the council calling for the plans to be shelved until an alternative access to the site can be found .
the residents have presented a petition to the council calling for the plans to be shelved until an [other option] access to the site can be found .

It was a Militant councillor who found her alternative accommodation where she was later to give birth to her daughter , Claire .
it was a militant councillor who found her [other option] accommodation where she was later to give birth to her daughter , claire .

Cllr Long said there were worries for centre users , as no alternative care scheme had yet been agreed by St Helen 's and Knowsley Health Authority , which is winding up the project .
cllr long said there were worries for centre users , as no [other option] care scheme had yet been agreed by st helen 's and knowsley health authority , which is winding up the project .

‘ Through our Ecocollection , we are researching alternative ways of doing business , with environmental , social and cultural criteria as primary concerns .
‘ through our ecocollection , we are researching [other option] ways of doing business , with environmental , social and cultural criteria as primary concerns .

For official purposes in the United Kingdom , the following are the major alternative definitions of money .
for official purposes in the united kingdom , the following are the major [other option] definitions of money .

The higher is the rate of inflation , the greater is the negative return from holding money and the more attractive are the alternative interest-bearing assets .
the higher is the rate of inflation , the greater is the negative return from holding money and the more attractive are the [other option] interest-bearing assets .

Monohydrate is an alternative form which releases oxygen at lower temperatures , but has disadvantages — including that we would have to make considerable expenditure on a new plant .
monohydrate is an [other option] form which releases oxygen at lower temperatures , but has disadvantages — including that we would have to make considerable expenditure on a new plant .

On environmental grounds , use of solvent-based product is falling and our job is to come up with the right alternative across a whole spectrum of end uses .
on environmental grounds , use of solvent-based product is falling and our job is to come up with the right [other option] across a whole spectrum of end uses .

The two year course covers four areas of relevance to modern society : Living in Democracy , Changing Society , Alternative Ideologies and International Relations .
the two year course covers four areas of relevance to modern society : living in democracy , changing society , [other option] ideologies and international relations .

As an alternative to drawing the phasor diagram , an analytic solution is possible for and in terms of the measurements .
as an [other option] to drawing the phasor diagram , an analytic solution is possible for and in terms of the measurements .

One of many interesting alternative ways of measuring mutual inductance uses any bridge that measures self inductance together with the following technique .
one of many interesting [other option] ways of measuring mutual inductance uses any bridge that measures self inductance together with the following technique .

The alternative solution to equation ( 9.13 ) implies that or .
the [other option] solution to equation ( 9.13 ) implies that or .

An alternative choice of independent variables that is more convenient for certain types of four-terminal network is the input current and output voltage .
an [other option] choice of independent variables that is more convenient for certain types of four-terminal network is the input current and output voltage .

As an alternative to finding the transfer function ( 12.32 ) from the general results of equations ( 12.28 ) , ( 12.29 ) and ( 12.30 ) , it may be found from the particular second-order form of given in equation ( 12.25 ) .
as an [other option] to finding the transfer function ( 12.32 ) from the general results of equations ( 12.28 ) , ( 12.29 ) and ( 12.30 ) , it may be found from the particular second-order form of given in equation ( 12.25 ) .

If we are going to maintain high quality residential care and develop day care as an alternative to residential care , we need to replace and refurbish existing stock ’ , said president Ian Gilmour .
if we are going to maintain high quality residential care and develop day care as an [other option] to residential care , we need to replace and refurbish existing stock ’ , said president ian gilmour .

The salesperson first agrees that what the buyer is saying is sensible and reasonable , before then putting forward an alternative point of view .
the salesperson first agrees that what the buyer is saying is sensible and reasonable , before then putting forward an [other option] point of view .

An alternative is to demonstrate the product and then ask the visitor to a nearby seating area to conduct the interview .
an [other option] is to demonstrate the product and then ask the visitor to a nearby seating area to conduct the interview .

Whilst the first alternative can be effective to some extent , there is a limit to which expenditure of this kind can be reduced .
whilst the first [other option] can be effective to some extent , there is a limit to which expenditure of this kind can be reduced .

It is therefore to the second alternative — selling goods and services overseas — that countries must look if they are to maintain and improve their living standards and avoid a balance of payments crisis .
it is therefore to the second [other option] — selling goods and services overseas — that countries must look if they are to maintain and improve their living standards and avoid a balance of payments crisis .

Each of these problems can have alternative solutions and an optimal decision must be tailored for each individual firm .
each of these problems can have [other option] solutions and an optimal decision must be tailored for each individual firm .

Many companies feel that the appointment of a good overseas agent is an alternative to involvement in the market themselves .
many companies feel that the appointment of a good overseas agent is an [other option] to involvement in the market themselves .

Licensing is another alternative open to a firm that is contemplating an indirect venture into overseas markets .
licensing is another [other option] open to a firm that is contemplating an indirect venture into overseas markets .

The use of export houses is an alternative to the manufacturer having his own export department .
the use of export houses is an [other option] to the manufacturer having his own export department .

They are a useful alternative for small companies whose overseas operations are limited , not warranting the expense of direct involvement .
they are a useful [other option] for small companies whose overseas operations are limited , not warranting the expense of direct involvement .

Wiltshire County Council Highways department have been involved in the planning of this project and will be putting up advanced warning signs , highlighting alternative routes for light traffic .
wiltshire county council highways department have been involved in the planning of this project and will be putting up advanced warning signs , highlighting [other option] routes for light traffic .

The cover has been formalised by a grid which will be consistent with each issue while retaining alternative background colours to differentiate issues .
the cover has been formalised by a grid which will be consistent with each issue while retaining [other option] background colours to differentiate issues .

Well that 's an alternative .
well that 's an [other option] .

The other alternative is just to go off in that corner over there .
the other [other option] is just to go off in that corner over there .

They seem to be mainly , sort of , business programmes or alternative my one was , sort of , how to keep the customers happy .
they seem to be mainly , sort of , business programmes or [other option] my one was , sort of , how to keep the customers happy .

Acoustic players may well be delighted to know that RotoSound have developed their 80/20 Bronze strings as an alternative to the more commonplace phosphor bronze type .
acoustic players may well be delighted to know that rotosound have developed their 80/20 bronze strings as an [other option] to the more commonplace phosphor bronze type .

As the prices of wireless guitar systems drop , more people are turning to them as an alternative to the shackles of the guitar lead .
as the prices of wireless guitar systems drop , more people are turning to them as an [other option] to the shackles of the guitar lead .

What lets this guitar down most , for me , is its name , but the alternative is n't any better .
what lets this guitar down most , for me , is its name , but the [other option] is n't any better .

The ever-familiar profile seems to derive more than a smidgeon of alternative inspiration from Aria 's Magna-series , as in fact does the whole bass .
the ever-familiar profile seems to derive more than a smidgeon of [other option] inspiration from aria 's magna-series , as in fact does the whole bass .

Slack key tunings are the direct forerunners of virtually all of today 's alternative acoustic tunings .
slack key tunings are the direct forerunners of virtually all of today 's [other option] acoustic tunings .

It 's a terrible situation and one that has to change . We agree that what 's needed is a credible , punter-friendly security firm to establish themselves , offering bands and venues a less twisted and psychotic alternative … But enough of such doom and gloom ; what 's it like working with Guitarist Number One Diamond Geezer , Edwyn Collins ?
it 's a terrible situation and one that has to change . we agree that what 's needed is a credible , punter-friendly security firm to establish themselves , offering bands and venues a less twisted and psychotic [other option] … but enough of such doom and gloom ; what 's it like working with guitarist number one diamond geezer , edwyn collins ?

Which you choose , an air pump or alternative means , is a matter of personal choice .
which you choose , an air pump or [other option] means , is a matter of personal choice .

This leads to an increase in ammonia and nitrite levels for a short time ; but this can be reduced by using two smaller-than-normal filters and washing them ( in water change tank water ) at alternative two weekly intervals maintaining one at full capacity at all times .
this leads to an increase in ammonia and nitrite levels for a short time ; but this can be reduced by using two smaller-than-normal filters and washing them ( in water change tank water ) at [other option] two weekly intervals maintaining one at full capacity at all times .

An excellent alternative popular with the fish , is the small clay saucers sold for pots to stand on .
an excellent [other option] popular with the fish , is the small clay saucers sold for pots to stand on .

The alternative , which revolves around the controlled clogging of one filter so that it begins the anaerobic denitrification process while the other handles aerobic filtration ( the 15/30 method referring to the day of the month when each filter must be alternatively cleaned ) , has never worked for us .
the [other option] , which revolves around the controlled clogging of one filter so that it begins the anaerobic denitrification process while the other handles aerobic filtration ( the 15/30 method referring to the day of the month when each filter must be alternatively cleaned ) , has never worked for us .

Another alternative is a special lens which screws onto the front of the standard lens and enables one to do close-up photography .
another [other option] is a special lens which screws onto the front of the standard lens and enables one to do close-up photography .

This is hard work and an easier alternative , particularly with cichlids is to study their preferred routes in the aquarium , and then to set-up the camera at a select vantage point , and shoot when the fish comes into view .
this is hard work and an easier [other option] , particularly with cichlids is to study their preferred routes in the aquarium , and then to set-up the camera at a select vantage point , and shoot when the fish comes into view .

An alternative to a large filter is to connect two small units together , and use a powerful pump .
an [other option] to a large filter is to connect two small units together , and use a powerful pump .

What is the future for Alternative Energy ?
what is the future for [other option] energy ?

In line with our Alternative Energy series we show you how to build a unit that will provide ‘ free ’ lighting for a shed , boat or caravan .
in line with our [other option] energy series we show you how to build a unit that will provide ‘ free ’ lighting for a shed , boat or caravan .

Less exciting but profitable uses could be redirection of the driver to alternative delivery points and early warnings of temperature rise in refrigerated cargoes .
less exciting but profitable uses could be redirection of the driver to [other option] delivery points and early warnings of temperature rise in refrigerated cargoes .

The connection method shown here gives the correct anti-phase outputs , and a suitable alternative to a true centre tapped secondary winding .
the connection method shown here gives the correct anti-phase outputs , and a suitable [other option] to a true centre tapped secondary winding .

Readers require precision timings , perhaps for other purposes , should use an alternative circuit .
readers require precision timings , perhaps for other purposes , should use an [other option] circuit .

This has led to an alternative way of stating amplifier performance : compare the distortion plus noise with the total output .
this has led to an [other option] way of stating amplifier performance : compare the distortion plus noise with the total output .

An alternative way of examining harmonic distortion is to display the total spectrum of frequencies on an oscilloscope ( Fig .
an [other option] way of examining harmonic distortion is to display the total spectrum of frequencies on an oscilloscope ( fig .

It is possible , of course , to conceive of alternative biochemistries and other liquid states .
it is possible , of course , to conceive of [other option] biochemistries and other liquid states .

So all lines of enquiry in regard to body stance are amenable to alternative explanations , perhaps because the issue is looked at from the wrong perspective .
so all lines of enquiry in regard to body stance are amenable to [other option] explanations , perhaps because the issue is looked at from the wrong perspective .

When those who believe in war refuse to do their duty , that is , when they refuse to fight for some reason or other , Gandhi feels it to be his moral duty to enlighten them as to their responsibilities as soldiers , while at the same time presenting them with the alternative path of ahi sā .
when those who believe in war refuse to do their duty , that is , when they refuse to fight for some reason or other , gandhi feels it to be his moral duty to enlighten them as to their responsibilities as soldiers , while at the same time presenting them with the [other option] path of ahi sā .

As Robin Wood has noted , ‘ The presentation of the Cheyennes is confused and blurred by the divided impulse , the desire to recreate an ‘ ideal ’ alternative to the white world .
as robin wood has noted , ‘ the presentation of the cheyennes is confused and blurred by the divided impulse , the desire to recreate an ‘ ideal ’ [other option] to the white world .

Tamar had no alternative but to do as he said , and they rode from the yard without another word .
tamar had no [other option] but to do as he said , and they rode from the yard without another word .

In the afternoon they should have a lecture and alternative football with sports practice .
in the afternoon they should have a lecture and [other option] football with sports practice .

Nevertheless , it was necessary to attempt do so : the alternative was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .
nevertheless , it was necessary to attempt do so : the [other option] was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .

He embraced the moral grandeur of it with enthusiasm , and to his dying day aspired to nothing more than Indian membership of the British empire as an equal partner , regarding independence in isolation as a perhaps politically expedient but regrettable alternative .
he embraced the moral grandeur of it with enthusiasm , and to his dying day aspired to nothing more than indian membership of the british empire as an equal partner , regarding independence in isolation as a perhaps politically expedient but regrettable [other option] .

Attlee , therefore , once Mountbatten had concluded that there was no alternative and had produced his Partition Plan , acted with the utmost despatch to get it approved by the Cabinet .
attlee , therefore , once mountbatten had concluded that there was no [other option] and had produced his partition plan , acted with the utmost despatch to get it approved by the cabinet .

Positive images of sexually active fat women are absent from both mainstream and alternative media .
positive images of sexually active fat women are absent from both mainstream and [other option] media .

As fat lesbians we are negated for deviating from alternative womanly ideals .
as fat lesbians we are negated for deviating from [other option] womanly ideals .

Have alternative lighting ready for emergencies : a torch with a battery that works , candles , tapers and matches , in a place where they are easily found .
have [other option] lighting ready for emergencies : a torch with a battery that works , candles , tapers and matches , in a place where they are easily found .

If no alternative can be found , then remember the driver of the Rover in the traffic jam .
if no [other option] can be found , then remember the driver of the rover in the traffic jam .

An alternative choice is Monodactylus sebae but they can be aggressive if not kept in large shoals of six or more fish .
an [other option] choice is monodactylus sebae but they can be aggressive if not kept in large shoals of six or more fish .

As an alternative or to supplement this natural diet green plant material can be added to the aquarium in the form of lettuce , cabbage or spinach leaves .
as an [other option] or to supplement this natural diet green plant material can be added to the aquarium in the form of lettuce , cabbage or spinach leaves .

As an alternative , you can invest in one of the many dechlorinating filters now available .
as an [other option] , you can invest in one of the many dechlorinating filters now available .

Instead of a large tree , why not choose a small-scale alternative .
instead of a large tree , why not choose a small-scale [other option] .

Glass shelves , fitted across the window , also make an excellent alternative to curtains or blinds .
glass shelves , fitted across the window , also make an excellent [other option] to curtains or blinds .

If you find Christmas pudding too heavy this is the perfect alternative .
if you find christmas pudding too heavy this is the perfect [other option] .

On the previous page are five of their most popular shapes , all of which can be worked onto the face or brushed back as an alternative .
on the previous page are five of their most popular shapes , all of which can be worked onto the face or brushed back as an [other option] .

The new peppery ‘ Cayenne ’ is a fiery red for girls who want to be bold while ‘ Tamarillo ’ is a rich , dusky alternative .
the new peppery ‘ cayenne ’ is a fiery red for girls who want to be bold while ‘ tamarillo ’ is a rich , dusky [other option] .

Designed as an alternative to traditional colouring products , this unique range of natural plant based hair colours is totally chemical free , biodegradable and is leading the way in professional , natural hair colourants .
designed as an [other option] to traditional colouring products , this unique range of natural plant based hair colours is totally chemical free , biodegradable and is leading the way in professional , natural hair colourants .

An alternative approach which has a number of advantages over linear control systems , is the switching regulator , or as it is more usually known , the ‘ switch-mode power supply ’ .
an [other option] approach which has a number of advantages over linear control systems , is the switching regulator , or as it is more usually known , the ‘ switch-mode power supply ’ .

You can , of course , use an alternative type electrolytic capacitor if you wish but you will have to adjust the mounting position accordingly .
you can , of course , use an [other option] type electrolytic capacitor if you wish but you will have to adjust the mounting position accordingly .

Alternative rectifier circuit diagram to suit centre-tapped transformers .
[other option] rectifier circuit diagram to suit centre-tapped transformers .

One alternative to rub-down transfers which is preferred by many designers is the use of crepe-paper tapes .
one [other option] to rub-down transfers which is preferred by many designers is the use of crepe-paper tapes .

There 's also the pick of shop-bought puds , three alternative Christmas menus and fabulous cakes and desserts .
there 's also the pick of shop-bought puds , three [other option] christmas menus and fabulous cakes and desserts .

Sold in 2×65g packs , it 's great as an alternative topping on Christmas pudding .
sold in 2×65g packs , it 's great as an [other option] topping on christmas pudding .

Forget turkey and look further afield for festive inspiration with Linda Fraser 's three alternative menus
forget turkey and look further afield for festive inspiration with linda fraser 's three [other option] menus

Try these tempting desserts as a welcome alternative .
try these tempting desserts as a welcome [other option] .

It can bring an exotic and fragrant touch to soups or stews ; and it even makes an alternative to short grain rice in cakes and puddings .
it can bring an exotic and fragrant touch to soups or stews ; and it even makes an [other option] to short grain rice in cakes and puddings .

‘ Alternative ’ bands , disco bands , quirky things like Yazz , Bazz , Biba , BooBoo — every six months there 's a new disco track for the latest fashion model star to ‘ sing ’ over .
‘ [other option] ’ bands , disco bands , quirky things like yazz , bazz , biba , booboo — every six months there 's a new disco track for the latest fashion model star to ‘ sing ’ over .

Jazzers , thrashers , funkers and bluesers have always co-existed with ( your own preference , it would seem ) ‘ alternative ’ rock guitarists .
jazzers , thrashers , funkers and bluesers have always co-existed with ( your own preference , it would seem ) ‘ [other option] ’ rock guitarists .

Hills and meadows surround the church , and a gravel path leads from the quiet lane through an iron kissing gate , which is an alternative entrance to the wooden gates , bought to commemorate the Queen 's Silver Jubilee .
hills and meadows surround the church , and a gravel path leads from the quiet lane through an iron kissing gate , which is an [other option] entrance to the wooden gates , bought to commemorate the queen 's silver jubilee .

Although people were allowed to eat other foods freely , in fact when they were deprived of their refined carbohydrates they tended not to increase their intake of these alternative foods very much — not enough to make up for the calories they were saving .
although people were allowed to eat other foods freely , in fact when they were deprived of their refined carbohydrates they tended not to increase their intake of these [other option] foods very much — not enough to make up for the calories they were saving .

we have listed a few alternative very high-fibre breakfasts in The F-Plan Meals .
we have listed a few [other option] very high-fibre breakfasts in the f-plan meals .

Not surprisingly , in these conditions , the Swamp Eel has adapted by being able to breathe atmospheric air during the times of drought when the swamps dry up , aestivating ( the summer version of hibernating ) until more favourable conditions return , by burrowing into the mud or travelling across land in search of alternative waterways .
not surprisingly , in these conditions , the swamp eel has adapted by being able to breathe atmospheric air during the times of drought when the swamps dry up , aestivating ( the summer version of hibernating ) until more favourable conditions return , by burrowing into the mud or travelling across land in search of [other option] waterways .

Alternative medicine for fish ?
[other option] medicine for fish ?

In July we asked you for your original ideas on alternative uses for our free filter matting — and offered a prize of a ‘ lifetime 's supply ’ of Crystal Clear airline .
in july we asked you for your original ideas on [other option] uses for our free filter matting — and offered a prize of a ‘ lifetime 's supply ’ of crystal clear airline .

It seems that Cleaner Shrimps represent more than 15 % of the total imports of invertebrates from the Far East and the damage to that trade would be significant if alternative captive-bred sources were developed .
it seems that cleaner shrimps represent more than 15 % of the total imports of invertebrates from the far east and the damage to that trade would be significant if [other option] captive-bred sources were developed .

The day may soon come when manufacturers of pond food cotton on to boilie-type foods as an alternative to pellets . But they 'll have to change the recipe if Koi are to remain Koi-shaped
the day may soon come when manufacturers of pond food cotton on to boilie-type foods as an [other option] to pellets . but they 'll have to change the recipe if koi are to remain koi-shaped

This relationship is illustrated in an alternative fashion in Figure 6 .
this relationship is illustrated in an [other option] fashion in figure 6 .

The so-called ‘ alternative ’ or ‘ complementary ’ medical scene embraces a large number of different ideas , theories and treatments , many of which appear to be in conflict with each other .
the so-called ‘ [other option] ’ or ‘ complementary ’ medical scene embraces a large number of different ideas , theories and treatments , many of which appear to be in conflict with each other .

Is there a homoeopathic alternative to vaccination and immunization ?
is there a homoeopathic [other option] to vaccination and immunization ?

Can homoeopathy be used in conjunction with other forms of alternative medicine ?
can homoeopathy be used in conjunction with other forms of [other option] medicine ?

Most forms of alternative medicine work harmoniously and synergistically together to produce combined effects which are often greater than the sum of the individual effects attributable to each .
most forms of [other option] medicine work harmoniously and synergistically together to produce combined effects which are often greater than the sum of the individual effects attributable to each .

The criminal law sees only some types of property deprivation as robbery or theft ; it excludes , for example , the separation of consumers and part of their money that follows manufacturers ' malpractices or advertisers ' misrepresentations ; it excludes shareholders losing their money because managers behaved in ways which they thought would be to the advantage of shareholders even though the only tangible benefits accrued to the managers ( Hopkins 1980b ) ; it excludes the extra tax citizens , in this or other countries , have to pay because : ( i ) corporations and the very wealthy are able to employ financial experts at discovering legal loopholes through which money can be safely transported to tax havens ; ( ii ) Defence Department officials have been bribed to order more expensive weaponry systems or missiles in ‘ excess ’ of those ‘ needed ’ ; ( iii ) multinational drug companies charge our National Health Services prices which are estimated to be at least , £50 millions in excess of alternative supplies .
the criminal law sees only some types of property deprivation as robbery or theft ; it excludes , for example , the separation of consumers and part of their money that follows manufacturers ' malpractices or advertisers ' misrepresentations ; it excludes shareholders losing their money because managers behaved in ways which they thought would be to the advantage of shareholders even though the only tangible benefits accrued to the managers ( hopkins 1980b ) ; it excludes the extra tax citizens , in this or other countries , have to pay because : ( i ) corporations and the very wealthy are able to employ financial experts at discovering legal loopholes through which money can be safely transported to tax havens ; ( ii ) defence department officials have been bribed to order more expensive weaponry systems or missiles in ‘ excess ’ of those ‘ needed ’ ; ( iii ) multinational drug companies charge our national health services prices which are estimated to be at least , £50 millions in excess of [other option] supplies .

For instance , the American oil industry has fairly recently expanded into the solar , sea , and wind energy industries so that in the long run competition between alternative forms of energy can be regulated .
for instance , the american oil industry has fairly recently expanded into the solar , sea , and wind energy industries so that in the long run competition between [other option] forms of energy can be regulated .

Consequently , executives investigate alternative means , including law avoidance , evasion , and violation and pursue them if they are evaluated as superior to other available strictly legitimate alternatives .
consequently , executives investigate [other option] means , including law avoidance , evasion , and violation and pursue them if they are evaluated as superior to other available strictly legitimate alternatives .

Gunningham concluded that the acts only reflected the types of control which were economically convenient to industry , and that ‘ since strict enforcement of more severe legislation would attack the very root of capitalism … then any compromise between alternative policies and views is always struck within an area which does not threaten these interests ’ ( Gunningham 1974 : 83 ) .
gunningham concluded that the acts only reflected the types of control which were economically convenient to industry , and that ‘ since strict enforcement of more severe legislation would attack the very root of capitalism … then any compromise between [other option] policies and views is always struck within an area which does not threaten these interests ’ ( gunningham 1974 : 83 ) .

All the above suggests that serious consideration should be given to abandoning judicial practices which protect the accused from arbitrary or unjust conviction , or which ensure they receive the benefit of the doubt , and exploring alternative judicial principles more relevant to prosecuting ( and convicting ) corporations and their officials ( Friedman 1979 ) .
all the above suggests that serious consideration should be given to abandoning judicial practices which protect the accused from arbitrary or unjust conviction , or which ensure they receive the benefit of the doubt , and exploring [other option] judicial principles more relevant to prosecuting ( and convicting ) corporations and their officials ( friedman 1979 ) .

An alternative form might be for the corporation to sell a proportion of its products at strictly cost price to those sections of the community who are under-privileged and in need of these occasional subsidies .
an [other option] form might be for the corporation to sell a proportion of its products at strictly cost price to those sections of the community who are under-privileged and in need of these occasional subsidies .

It 's far from alternative .
it 's far from [other option] .

It 's ironic that fuzzified guitars have — somehow — become a symbol of comfort in these ‘ alternative ’ times , but that 's the way the digestive dissolves , and that 's why ‘ Oomalama ’ is as instantly familiar as last night 's curry .
it 's ironic that fuzzified guitars have — somehow — become a symbol of comfort in these ‘ [other option] ’ times , but that 's the way the digestive dissolves , and that 's why ‘ oomalama ’ is as instantly familiar as last night 's curry .

They may lean towards simple solid-riffing more than the likes of the Babes or the dark Hole , but here , this alternative heavy steel sound has some ecstatic , if not inventive moments .
they may lean towards simple solid-riffing more than the likes of the babes or the dark hole , but here , this [other option] heavy steel sound has some ecstatic , if not inventive moments .

The Clearing System is designed to help people looking for an alternative place .
the clearing system is designed to help people looking for an [other option] place .

‘ You can have too much of a good thing — but the alternative is quite unacceptable … defeat . ’
‘ you can have too much of a good thing — but the [other option] is quite unacceptable … defeat . ’

Best Alternative Video : Smells Like Teen Spirit — Nirvana .
best [other option] video : smells like teen spirit — nirvana .

There 's also free entry to : Broadway family cabaret venue ; Rick 's Place family bar and entertainment ; Showboat adults-only showbar ; Moonshiners alternative family venue ; Gaiety Theatre family shows ; Merrie England adults-only entertainment bar ; Gaiety Parisienne quiet bar ; Beach Club family bar ; Rendezvous relaxed , adult-only venue .
there 's also free entry to : broadway family cabaret venue ; rick 's place family bar and entertainment ; showboat adults-only showbar ; moonshiners [other option] family venue ; gaiety theatre family shows ; merrie england adults-only entertainment bar ; gaiety parisienne quiet bar ; beach club family bar ; rendezvous relaxed , adult-only venue .

She was left with no alternative .
she was left with no [other option] .

In one fell swoop he settled rumblings of discontent and turned the Labour conference , which starts today , from being an inward-looking examination of defeat into a confident bid to show the world — Brian Gould notwithstanding — an alternative to the ‘ devalued Prime Minister of a devalued government ’ .
in one fell swoop he settled rumblings of discontent and turned the labour conference , which starts today , from being an inward-looking examination of defeat into a confident bid to show the world — brian gould notwithstanding — an [other option] to the ‘ devalued prime minister of a devalued government ’ .

Mature students who lack the requisite O-levels or GCSEs can opt to sit an alternative entrance test , although there is some confusion over the purpose of such tests .
mature students who lack the requisite o-levels or gcses can opt to sit an [other option] entrance test , although there is some confusion over the purpose of such tests .

Is this your only alternative to unemployment ?
is this your only [other option] to unemployment ?

If you care for a relative or close friend on a long-term basis and feel unable to return to full-time work it may still be possible to make alternative arrangements in order to work for one or more days or nights a week .
if you care for a relative or close friend on a long-term basis and feel unable to return to full-time work it may still be possible to make [other option] arrangements in order to work for one or more days or nights a week .

Other members of the family may be able to share care by helping out on alternative days or weeks , or over a two day period once a month , so that you can attend a back to nursing course .
other members of the family may be able to share care by helping out on [other option] days or weeks , or over a two day period once a month , so that you can attend a back to nursing course .

Alternative routes of re-entry
[other option] routes of re-entry

Refresher courses are usually one or two day affairs as opposed to a formally planned and evaluated re-entry course , and should not be used as a cheaper alternative to providing a structured re-entry programme .
refresher courses are usually one or two day affairs as opposed to a formally planned and evaluated re-entry course , and should not be used as a cheaper [other option] to providing a structured re-entry programme .

Participation in the political life of the country is the alternative for individual nurses to the silent frustration of the past or industrial action … .
participation in the political life of the country is the [other option] for individual nurses to the silent frustration of the past or industrial action … .

Conversely , it is thought that some employers will leap at the chance of employing enrolled nurses knowing or believing them to be a cheaper alternative in terms of pay .
conversely , it is thought that some employers will leap at the chance of employing enrolled nurses knowing or believing them to be a cheaper [other option] in terms of pay .

The clinical grading structure is such that enrolled nurses should never now be considered as a cheaper alternative .
the clinical grading structure is such that enrolled nurses should never now be considered as a cheaper [other option] .

Arnside , nestled into the north-east corner of Morecambe Bay , offers an alternative to the overcrowded hills further north , and when the weather is too bad for the tops , there is still plenty of interest here .
arnside , nestled into the north-east corner of morecambe bay , offers an [other option] to the overcrowded hills further north , and when the weather is too bad for the tops , there is still plenty of interest here .

If the thought of a lengthy moorland return is unappealing , an alternative way to get to the best of the escarpment in a shorter time is to start from a parking area near a prominent standing stone on the unclassified road to Trecastle .
if the thought of a lengthy moorland return is unappealing , an [other option] way to get to the best of the escarpment in a shorter time is to start from a parking area near a prominent standing stone on the unclassified road to trecastle .

The circuit takes 12 days in total and can be walked in sections of two days or more , on high or low level alternative routes .
the circuit takes 12 days in total and can be walked in sections of two days or more , on high or low level [other option] routes .

Alternative routes at high tide leave the coast at Easton Bavents and Green Heath , Covehithe .
[other option] routes at high tide leave the coast at easton bavents and green heath , covehithe .

Ambiguity remains because most word positions give rise to a number of alternative candidate words .
ambiguity remains because most word positions give rise to a number of [other option] candidate words .

Higher level knowledge can improve recognition performance by helping to choose between alternative characters .
higher level knowledge can improve recognition performance by helping to choose between [other option] characters .

In the future it is envisaged that all three methods will be available as alternative input techniques for computers , perhaps including shorthand as a fourth .
in the future it is envisaged that all three methods will be available as [other option] input techniques for computers , perhaps including shorthand as a fourth .

n , u , m , w , v and i ) , and the number of alternative strings these letters would combine to form will be very large .
n , u , m , w , v and i ) , and the number of [other option] strings these letters would combine to form will be very large .

For a pattern recognition system which outputs alternative candidates for each letter position in a word , this fact can be exploited to rule out letter combinations which are not allowable in English .
for a pattern recognition system which outputs [other option] candidates for each letter position in a word , this fact can be exploited to rule out letter combinations which are not allowable in english .

Alternative identifications were produced which were then reduced by post-processing techniques .
[other option] identifications were produced which were then reduced by post-processing techniques .

Sayre states that in most cases , there are less than four resulting alternative letter strings , and usually one .
sayre states that in most cases , there are less than four resulting [other option] letter strings , and usually one .

From this information , alternative letter strings were generated by combining the alternative letters .
from this information , [other option] letter strings were generated by combining the [other option] letters .

Segmentation based techniques produce alternative characters and therefore introduce more ambiguity .
segmentation based techniques produce [other option] characters and therefore introduce more ambiguity .

Alternative characters must be represented , along with alternative segmentations such as cl or d , lc or k .
[other option] characters must be represented , along with [other option] segmentations such as cl or d , lc or k .

The lines of data are of the form ‘ line-number alternative — characters [ destinations ] ’ , and the alternative characters are each of the form ‘ reference-character : confidence ’ .
the lines of data are of the form ‘ line-number [other option] — characters [ destinations ] ’ , and the [other option] characters are each of the form ‘ reference-character : confidence ’ .

d has a confidence of 57 ) , and the second integer represents its rank compared to the alternative candidate letters at the same letter position ( e.g .
d has a confidence of 57 ) , and the second integer represents its rank compared to the [other option] candidate letters at the same letter position ( e.g .

Alternative data structures
[other option] data structures

An alternative method was devised which includes the advantages of the 26-way tree method , but reduces memory considerably ( see figure 3.9 ) .
an [other option] method was devised which includes the advantages of the 26-way tree method , but reduces memory considerably ( see figure 3.9 ) .

An alternative structure was devised which is similar to the finite-state recogniser in figure 3.8 , having labelled edges .
an [other option] structure was devised which is similar to the finite-state recogniser in figure 3.8 , having labelled edges .

Figures 3.14 and 3.15 show alternative dawgs which represent the same three words but presented in different orders .
figures 3.14 and 3.15 show [other option] dawgs which represent the same three words but presented in different orders .

Table 3.3 shows some alternative orderings for a word list of 2461 words , together with the number of edges needed to represent them in a dawg structure .
table 3.3 shows some [other option] orderings for a word list of 2461 words , together with the number of edges needed to represent them in a dawg structure .

The sample input data mybagswithfivedozen ( five words incorrectly joined together , with a number of alternative characters per letter position ) generated 347,133 phrases of allowable strings , so there is a trade-off between finding the correct sequence , time , and the number of phrases found .
the sample input data mybagswithfivedozen ( five words incorrectly joined together , with a number of [other option] characters per letter position ) generated 347,133 phrases of allowable strings , so there is a trade-off between finding the correct sequence , time , and the number of phrases found .

The current chapter will discuss ways in which all levels of analysis can suggest alternative or additional candidate letters , words ( or perhaps phrases ) in order to supplement information from the pattern level .
the current chapter will discuss ways in which all levels of analysis can suggest [other option] or additional candidate letters , words ( or perhaps phrases ) in order to supplement information from the pattern level .

However these choices will only occur if the correct words are contained in the list of alternative candidate words , which may not be the case .
however these choices will only occur if the correct words are contained in the list of [other option] candidate words , which may not be the case .

It must also be noted that preceding word positions may have been recognised incorrectly , given that most positions have alternative candidates , and often the correct word is not first in the ordered list .
it must also be noted that preceding word positions may have been recognised incorrectly , given that most positions have [other option] candidates , and often the correct word is not first in the ordered list .

Whether the alternative candidates confuse the situation more often than they aid it can only be found from adequate testing of the system .
whether the [other option] candidates confuse the situation more often than they aid it can only be found from adequate testing of the system .

These may be standard algorithms , or alternative techniques may be suggested by the specific types of error produced in the system .
these may be standard algorithms , or [other option] techniques may be suggested by the specific types of error produced in the system .

For example there may be further information available at the pattern level , or provided by higher levels of analysis , which will be able to suggest alternative candidate words for the position in error .
for example there may be further information available at the pattern level , or provided by higher levels of analysis , which will be able to suggest [other option] candidate words for the position in error .

Alternative techniques are probabilistic , using constituent analysis ( n-grams or string segments ) , which are faster than lexicon search routines , but less precise .
[other option] techniques are probabilistic , using constituent analysis ( n-grams or string segments ) , which are faster than lexicon search routines , but less precise .

Spelling correction algorithms usually suggest a few alternative words which are in some sense similar to the detected misspelled word .
spelling correction algorithms usually suggest a few [other option] words which are in some sense similar to the detected misspelled word .

The program can suggest a list of alternative words and allow the user to choose a substitute , the user can edit the file to correct the word , or the user can confirm that this is in fact a correctly spelled word , and should be added to the program 's dictionary .
the program can suggest a list of [other option] words and allow the user to choose a substitute , the user can edit the file to correct the word , or the user can confirm that this is in fact a correctly spelled word , and should be added to the program 's dictionary .

Alternative methods for correction of errors
[other option] methods for correction of errors

Taken together with higher level knowledge , these could provide us with an alternative technique for correcting errors within the system .
taken together with higher level knowledge , these could provide us with an [other option] technique for correcting errors within the system .

Again , knowledge about physical properties and higher level attributes could be used to select alternative words .
again , knowledge about physical properties and higher level attributes could be used to select [other option] words .

The effectiveness of a measure of word length is very writer dependent , and alternative methods of calculating this figure more accurately and consistently need to be evaluated .
the effectiveness of a measure of word length is very writer dependent , and [other option] methods of calculating this figure more accurately and consistently need to be evaluated .

An alternative coding for shape that will give better results is required .
an [other option] coding for shape that will give better results is required .

Alternative word candidates are combined to form candidate phrases , many of which may be ungrammatical or meaningless .
[other option] word candidates are combined to form candidate phrases , many of which may be ungrammatical or meaningless .

Alternative sources of information were investigated , with the aim of discovering additional information which could aid error detection , correction and even recognition .
[other option] sources of information were investigated , with the aim of discovering additional information which could aid error detection , correction and even recognition .

Alternative candidate letters and words may be suggested where recognition has failed to provide any .
[other option] candidate letters and words may be suggested where recognition has failed to provide any .

The system should assume that the top-rated candidates are correct unless the user chooses another of the existing candidates or enters an alternative word .
the system should assume that the top-rated candidates are correct unless the user chooses another of the existing candidates or enters an [other option] word .

Alternative architectures including some parallelisation would appear to be very useful for this situation ( see figure 6.2 ) .
[other option] architectures including some parallelisation would appear to be very useful for this situation ( see figure 6.2 ) .

What then ? Will the Prime Minister face the only alternative left and accept open devaluation , disposing of his Chancellor in order to save his own skin ?
what then ? will the prime minister face the only [other option] left and accept open devaluation , disposing of his chancellor in order to save his own skin ?

But even though she is dying to leave , she has to stick with it because there is no alternative .
but even though she is dying to leave , she has to stick with it because there is no [other option] .

Despite John Smith 's firm establishment as an authoritative and credible alternative Prime Minister , Labour are fooling themselves if they think a change of leader is all that was required to bring about a change of government .
despite john smith 's firm establishment as an authoritative and credible [other option] prime minister , labour are fooling themselves if they think a change of leader is all that was required to bring about a change of government .

Established in 19878 the route stretches for 152 miles from Farnham in Surrey to Dover in Kent , with an alternative route passing through Canterbury .
established in 19878 the route stretches for 152 miles from farnham in surrey to dover in kent , with an [other option] route passing through canterbury .

This alternative low level route is a valid circuit in itself and not just a poor substitute .
this [other option] low level route is a valid circuit in itself and not just a poor substitute .

There is no real low level alternative because the High Street range presents such a physical barrier .
there is no real low level [other option] because the high street range presents such a physical barrier .

There is a difficult choice to make between today 's main high level route and the lower alternative .
there is a difficult choice to make between today 's main high level route and the lower [other option] .

They desperately need to start controlling their population and find alternative forms of fuel .
they desperately need to start controlling their population and find [other option] forms of fuel .

If you have no alternative , because you live miles away from a good boot retailer , then choose a reliable company prepared to exchange the boots if they do not fit properly .
if you have no [other option] , because you live miles away from a good boot retailer , then choose a reliable company prepared to exchange the boots if they do not fit properly .

Having fun during their modelling assignment at Twickenham as the new strip is unveiled are ( l–r ) Dewi Morris , David Pears ( in the alternative strip ) , and Jason Leonard .
having fun during their modelling assignment at twickenham as the new strip is unveiled are ( l–r ) dewi morris , david pears ( in the [other option] strip ) , and jason leonard .

Completing the top alternative line-up on the Fiddler stage are Spiritualized , Captain America , The Disposable Heroes Of Hiphoprisy , Miracle Legion , Fabulous , 25th Of May , Stereolab , Pulp and Jacob 's Mouse .
completing the top [other option] line-up on the fiddler stage are spiritualized , captain america , the disposable heroes of hiphoprisy , miracle legion , fabulous , 25th of may , stereolab , pulp and jacob 's mouse .

The alternative makes no sense .
the [other option] makes no sense .

The Columbus cast is half old-timers and half new blood , much of it from the so-called alternative comedy set .
the columbus cast is half old-timers and half new blood , much of it from the so-called [other option] comedy set .

Many saw themselves as being above the grubby world of traditional politics and the professions , but often felt they could be like Richard Branson , the one-time hippy and promoter of alternative music who had joined the system and made a fortune .
many saw themselves as being above the grubby world of traditional politics and the professions , but often felt they could be like richard branson , the one-time hippy and promoter of [other option] music who had joined the system and made a fortune .

All the left needed to do was to ensure that the next Labour government was a real alternative , and not led by another tedious old right-winger like Callaghan , who had gone back to his farm blaming the lefties .
all the left needed to do was to ensure that the next labour government was a real [other option] , and not led by another tedious old right-winger like callaghan , who had gone back to his farm blaming the lefties .

The proles were being forced to put up with this stuff because there was no alternative .
the proles were being forced to put up with this stuff because there was no [other option] .

He worked for a time with Stopover House and the Newham Alternative Project , both designed to provide temporary help for the poor and homeless of the East End .
he worked for a time with stopover house and the newham [other option] project , both designed to provide temporary help for the poor and homeless of the east end .

It had sprung from his activities in the housing movement , but was run on straight commercial lines , providing an ‘ alternative ’ removals service and producing a nice sideline in salvaged Victorian fireplaces which were sold to the new rich .
it had sprung from his activities in the housing movement , but was run on straight commercial lines , providing an ‘ [other option] ’ removals service and producing a nice sideline in salvaged victorian fireplaces which were sold to the new rich .

The Right-On alternative to the City was sitting under their noses in the form of the Greater London Enterprise Board .
the right-on [other option] to the city was sitting under their noses in the form of the greater london enterprise board .

He took nine months off between jobs and dabbled in commune life , with a period at Laurieston Hall , the alternative centre on the Scottish Borders .
he took nine months off between jobs and dabbled in commune life , with a period at laurieston hall , the [other option] centre on the scottish borders .

Then in 1975 he ‘ dropped out ’ altogether , moving into the alternative society full-time as a squatting activist in south London .
then in 1975 he ‘ dropped out ’ altogether , moving into the [other option] society full-time as a squatting activist in south london .

’ He produced from his briefcase his own alternative , Thirkell-designed sample pages , beautifully printed on glistening white bromide paper .
’ he produced from his briefcase his own [other option] , thirkell-designed sample pages , beautifully printed on glistening white bromide paper .

They feel threatened by the two alternative prospects — move or take redundancy .
they feel threatened by the two [other option] prospects — move or take redundancy .

Staff may , therefore , begin looking for alternative employment in the local area so that they will not be forced to make the choice of a job with their employer or no job at all .
staff may , therefore , begin looking for [other option] employment in the local area so that they will not be forced to make the choice of a job with their employer or no job at all .

Once employees are certain they are not going to move with the company , they are going to look for alternative work .
once employees are certain they are not going to move with the company , they are going to look for [other option] work .

During the late 1970s , the company found that it was becoming increasingly expensive to maintain its head office in London and therefore looked for alternative accommodation elsewhere .
during the late 1970s , the company found that it was becoming increasingly expensive to maintain its head office in london and therefore looked for [other option] accommodation elsewhere .

However , s. 82 ( 5 ) states that an employee loses the right to a redundancy payment if he or she unreasonably refuses an offer of suitable alternative employment .
however , s. 82 ( 5 ) states that an employee loses the right to a redundancy payment if he or she unreasonably refuses an offer of suitable [other option] employment .

In determining whether the offer of alternative work is suitable , the tribunal takes into account factors such as status , skills required , pay , hours of work and whether it involves additional travelling time and/or expense or perhaps a need to move house .
in determining whether the offer of [other option] work is suitable , the tribunal takes into account factors such as status , skills required , pay , hours of work and whether it involves additional travelling time and/or expense or perhaps a need to move house .

The degree of disruption caused by the need to travel further to work is taken into account in determining whether an employee 's refusal of alternative employment is reasonable .
the degree of disruption caused by the need to travel further to work is taken into account in determining whether an employee 's refusal of [other option] employment is reasonable .

The salary offered for the Ruislip post was marginally higher than that given in Hendon but the tribunal found that the offer of alternative employment at the new location was less advantageous to him .
the salary offered for the ruislip post was marginally higher than that given in hendon but the tribunal found that the offer of [other option] employment at the new location was less advantageous to him .

The tribunal therefore considered that the employee was reasonable in refusing the offer of alternative employment and recommended a redundancy payment .
the tribunal therefore considered that the employee was reasonable in refusing the offer of [other option] employment and recommended a redundancy payment .

Two weeks before his employment was due to be terminated , he was offered alternative employment some 34 miles from his home .
two weeks before his employment was due to be terminated , he was offered [other option] employment some 34 miles from his home .

The tribunal found Sheddon 's refusal to accept the offer of alternative employment to be unreasonable .
the tribunal found sheddon 's refusal to accept the offer of [other option] employment to be unreasonable .

Mrs Cahuac therefore felt that the offer of alternative employment was unsuitable and the tribunal agreed .
mrs cahuac therefore felt that the offer of [other option] employment was unsuitable and the tribunal agreed .

She refused the offer of alternative employment and presented a doctor 's certificate .
she refused the offer of [other option] employment and presented a doctor 's certificate .

In the main , employees who refuse to accept alternative employment which requires them to move house are unlikely to be deemed as refusing it unreasonably. for instance in Rose v. Shelley and Partners Ltd , Mr Rose 's refusal to accept employment some 60 miles away from his home was held to be a reasonable refusal .
in the main , employees who refuse to accept [other option] employment which requires them to move house are unlikely to be deemed as refusing it unreasonably. for instance in rose v. shelley and partners ltd , mr rose 's refusal to accept employment some 60 miles away from his home was held to be a reasonable refusal .

The tribunal therefore ruled him unreasonable in refusing the offer of suitable alternative employment .
the tribunal therefore ruled him unreasonable in refusing the offer of suitable [other option] employment .

The alternative is for the children to be educated abroad in English-speaking international schools .
the [other option] is for the children to be educated abroad in english-speaking international schools .

This may prove tedious to those used to alternative leisure pursuits .
this may prove tedious to those used to [other option] leisure pursuits .

An alternative is to consider the use of a service flat .
an [other option] is to consider the use of a service flat .

There is , however , an alternative approach based on the development of a new understanding of law , which no longer assumes that the legal system is uniform but realises that law is linked into complex processes of communication between and within different sub-systems of society , which in turn form and influence the substance of a particular segment of law .
there is , however , an [other option] approach based on the development of a new understanding of law , which no longer assumes that the legal system is uniform but realises that law is linked into complex processes of communication between and within different sub-systems of society , which in turn form and influence the substance of a particular segment of law .

As such it could be seen as an alternative to armed conflict , an alternative to blind acceptance of an unsatisfactory and perhaps explosive status quo in the control of disputed territory , and even as an alternative to democratic political methods of dispute resolution which can so often lead to legitimately and dangerously dissatisfied minorities .
as such it could be seen as an [other option] to armed conflict , an [other option] to blind acceptance of an unsatisfactory and perhaps explosive status quo in the control of disputed territory , and even as an [other option] to democratic political methods of dispute resolution which can so often lead to legitimately and dangerously dissatisfied minorities .

This is an alternative to war which states could in theory accept without giving up their own moral values , going back on their own factual claims , losing their dignity in the community of nations , or giving up their political endeavours to persuade others to their point of view .
this is an [other option] to war which states could in theory accept without giving up their own moral values , going back on their own factual claims , losing their dignity in the community of nations , or giving up their political endeavours to persuade others to their point of view .

Further — but more debatably — if we feel that our own moral values are based on relatively restricted experience and inadequate consideration of alternative values , we might concede that the lawmakers are in a better position to give due and adequate consideration to all morally relevant factors which bear on the critique of moral values .
further — but more debatably — if we feel that our own moral values are based on relatively restricted experience and inadequate consideration of [other option] values , we might concede that the lawmakers are in a better position to give due and adequate consideration to all morally relevant factors which bear on the critique of moral values .

For one way of denying someone the respect to which he is entitled is by failing to treat him as an autonomous agent , for example , by unreasonably restricting the range of alternative courses of action from which he can choose .
for one way of denying someone the respect to which he is entitled is by failing to treat him as an autonomous agent , for example , by unreasonably restricting the range of [other option] courses of action from which he can choose .

Rather more modestly , but perhaps more realistically , some British public lawyers are now also beginning to explore alternative institutional forms to the traditional English representative model of politics , with a view to involving broader constituencies in the decision-making process ( Lewis and Harden , 1982 ) .
rather more modestly , but perhaps more realistically , some british public lawyers are now also beginning to explore [other option] institutional forms to the traditional english representative model of politics , with a view to involving broader constituencies in the decision-making process ( lewis and harden , 1982 ) .

If law is to be used as ‘ an instrument for casting an alternative political vote by exposing the decision making process to contending views of public necessity ’ ( Lewis and Harden , 1982 , p. 68 ) , the most obvious way in which such an aim might be pursued is through the development of a test case strategy .
if law is to be used as ‘ an instrument for casting an [other option] political vote by exposing the decision making process to contending views of public necessity ’ ( lewis and harden , 1982 , p. 68 ) , the most obvious way in which such an aim might be pursued is through the development of a test case strategy .

Into the vacuum has sprung a bewildering variety of alternative philosophies , facing us with a post-Christian mosaic of confusing pluralism .
into the vacuum has sprung a bewildering variety of [other option] philosophies , facing us with a post-christian mosaic of confusing pluralism .

’ What is suggested as the alternative to faith ?
’ what is suggested as the [other option] to faith ?

Again , rationality is the alternative to absurdity , but it has no quarrel with mystery .
again , rationality is the [other option] to absurdity , but it has no quarrel with mystery .

It is , however , possible to operate a single transferable vote system within a single-member constituency ; this is normally described as the ‘ alternative voting ’ system .
it is , however , possible to operate a single transferable vote system within a single-member constituency ; this is normally described as the ‘ [other option] voting ’ system .

It is extremely unlikely under the ‘ list-system ’ or under varieties of the ‘ single transferable voting ’ system other than the ‘ alternative voting ’ system .
it is extremely unlikely under the ‘ list-system ’ or under varieties of the ‘ single transferable voting ’ system other than the ‘ [other option] voting ’ system .

The alternative voting system at least possesses the virtue of requiring that if such policies are to be persisted in , the doctrine in which they are grounded must have been at least minimally acceptable to , if not the first choice of , a majority of voters .
the [other option] voting system at least possesses the virtue of requiring that if such policies are to be persisted in , the doctrine in which they are grounded must have been at least minimally acceptable to , if not the first choice of , a majority of voters .

The college route into teaching has never been exclusive ; university-based qualification has been a proper alternative , especially for graduates seeking a career in secondary education .
the college route into teaching has never been exclusive ; university-based qualification has been a proper [other option] , especially for graduates seeking a career in secondary education .

Throughout the syndicat 's first two or three decades of existence , however , its membership declined and in 1912 a second , alternative organisation was formed , the Syndicat des Négociants en Vins de Champagne .
throughout the syndicat 's first two or three decades of existence , however , its membership declined and in 1912 a second , [other option] organisation was formed , the syndicat des négociants en vins de champagne .

This brand newie from Alternative is a polished puzzler and no mistake !
this brand newie from [other option] is a polished puzzler and no mistake !

The second Alternative offering this month is just super . And smashing , lovely , marvellous , great …
the second [other option] offering this month is just super . and smashing , lovely , marvellous , great …

Alternative , £3.99 cassette
[other option] , £3.99 cassette

The macho merchants among you could try braving the green blob , numerous wires and broken records that occupy the alternative route .
the macho merchants among you could try braving the green blob , numerous wires and broken records that occupy the [other option] route .

The alternative is to use the effects of gravity , the dart losing height as it flies .
the [other option] is to use the effects of gravity , the dart losing height as it flies .

As well as the standard 501 match , Alternative have crammed in six popular pub variations , each a game in its own right .
as well as the standard 501 match , [other option] have crammed in six popular pub variations , each a game in its own right .

Ca n't find Grandmaster Chess in the shops ? No worries — just send a cheque/PO for £1.99 to : Make cheques payable to Alternative Software .
ca n't find grandmaster chess in the shops ? no worries — just send a cheque/po for £1.99 to : make cheques payable to [other option] software .

However , you can also get protein from meat , beans and seeds while the richest alternative sources of calcium are : seeds , fish , nuts , goat 's and sheep 's milk , dark green leafy vegetables , dried fruit , wholegrains , beans and pulses .
however , you can also get protein from meat , beans and seeds while the richest [other option] sources of calcium are : seeds , fish , nuts , goat 's and sheep 's milk , dark green leafy vegetables , dried fruit , wholegrains , beans and pulses .

There are plenty of alternative starchy root vegetables — such as swedes , turnips , carrots , parsnips , sweet potatoes , yarns .
there are plenty of [other option] starchy root vegetables — such as swedes , turnips , carrots , parsnips , sweet potatoes , yarns .

Discover how exercise reorganising your life , technology and alternative medicine can take the ache out of your days .
discover how exercise reorganising your life , technology and [other option] medicine can take the ache out of your days .

You may not realise it , but no matter how you clean you manage to keep your house , toxic chemicals and harmful gasses still lurk there . But , by using some alternative cleaners and taking a few simple precautionary steps , you can avoid many of the hidden hazards
you may not realise it , but no matter how you clean you manage to keep your house , toxic chemicals and harmful gasses still lurk there . but , by using some [other option] cleaners and taking a few simple precautionary steps , you can avoid many of the hidden hazards

An alternative to all permanent studio easels are transportable easels .
an [other option] to all permanent studio easels are transportable easels .

The alternative is a cold-blooded murder as we described before .
the [other option] is a cold-blooded murder as we described before .

Pure copper 's instinct told him that Burrows was not involved ; the alternative , however , was frightful .
pure copper 's instinct told him that burrows was not involved ; the [other option] , however , was frightful .

Meryl tucked the papers under her arm and decided to walk around the boundary until she came to an alternative entrance .
meryl tucked the papers under her arm and decided to walk around the boundary until she came to an [other option] entrance .

There is provision for this in the Anglican Alternative Service Book of course under the heading of The Peace !
there is provision for this in the anglican [other option] service book of course under the heading of the peace !

All over the Western world there were liberation movements and alternative life-styles — there had never been a kids ' crusade like it — and Hairy Back would n't let her stay out after eleven .
all over the western world there were liberation movements and [other option] life-styles — there had never been a kids ' crusade like it — and hairy back would n't let her stay out after eleven .

Pyke was the star of the flourishing alternative theatre scene ; he was one of the most original directors around .
pyke was the star of the flourishing [other option] theatre scene ; he was one of the most original directors around .

In the same way that alternative therapies such as acupuncture have become accepted by the medical profession , the day might come when , to treat your flu , your doctor prescribes a piece of topaz instead of tablets .
in the same way that [other option] therapies such as acupuncture have become accepted by the medical profession , the day might come when , to treat your flu , your doctor prescribes a piece of topaz instead of tablets .

Power stations use up valuable resources and create pollution — but could an environmentally friendly alternative be blowing in the wind ?
power stations use up valuable resources and create pollution — but could an environmentally friendly [other option] be blowing in the wind ?

To find out more about windpower , contact the Centre for Alternative Technology , .
to find out more about windpower , contact the centre for [other option] technology , .

If you 're unable to find Roquefort , another blue cheese , such as Stilton or Danish Blue , will make an ideal alternative .
if you 're unable to find roquefort , another blue cheese , such as stilton or danish blue , will make an ideal [other option] .

… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;
… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive [other option] routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;

The alternative approach to speed reduction has , in addition to Tempo 30 laws , involved the treatment of residential areas by redesign of the space , though pavements are normally retained .
the [other option] approach to speed reduction has , in addition to tempo 30 laws , involved the treatment of residential areas by redesign of the space , though pavements are normally retained .

Drab vistas of bare streets lined with parked vehicles have been replaced by attractive and surprising views , differentiated by greenery , alternative parking arrangements and varied paving materials .
drab vistas of bare streets lined with parked vehicles have been replaced by attractive and surprising views , differentiated by greenery , [other option] parking arrangements and varied paving materials .

Most importantly , it demonstrated that there were alternative ways of dealing with the car without compromising on safety , access or environmental quality .
most importantly , it demonstrated that there were [other option] ways of dealing with the car without compromising on safety , access or environmental quality .

Though these accident reductions are to be welcomed , they have to be seen in the context of what could have been achieved using alternative approaches , such as those used in Buxtehude or Berlin-Moabit .
though these accident reductions are to be welcomed , they have to be seen in the context of what could have been achieved using [other option] approaches , such as those used in buxtehude or berlin-moabit .

Also it is a good idea to make multi-colour sandwiches by piling brown bread and white bread up with alternative coloured fillings and then slicing through .
also it is a good idea to make multi-colour sandwiches by piling brown bread and white bread up with [other option] coloured fillings and then slicing through .

An alternative is to have dentist and patient and make a joke of it , with the dental instruments being a hammer and a pair of pliers and the patient made up to have a large abscess .
an [other option] is to have dentist and patient and make a joke of it , with the dental instruments being a hammer and a pair of pliers and the patient made up to have a large abscess .

An alternative to ‘ buzz ’ is to say ‘ fizz ’ for five .
an [other option] to ‘ buzz ’ is to say ‘ fizz ’ for five .

To make it a little more difficult it is a good idea to make the children use their alternative hand .
to make it a little more difficult it is a good idea to make the children use their [other option] hand .

An alternative is for people to be selected by the person pointed to by the organizer 's foot .
an [other option] is for people to be selected by the person pointed to by the organizer 's foot .

First asked for ideas for alternative employment to replace the arms industry , Mr. Browne suggested that it was the job of business not governments to provide employment , but he hoped some of the technologies currently used in defence could be deployed for civilian use .
first asked for ideas for [other option] employment to replace the arms industry , mr. browne suggested that it was the job of business not governments to provide employment , but he hoped some of the technologies currently used in defence could be deployed for civilian use .

Perhaps this is a question all potential Members should ask is whether their party intend to replace this farce with a more constructive alternative .
perhaps this is a question all potential members should ask is whether their party intend to replace this farce with a more constructive [other option] .

An alternative suggestion is to maintain the current separation of the first- and second-class sides , but to guarantee a home first-round draw to the minnows .
an [other option] suggestion is to maintain the current separation of the first- and second-class sides , but to guarantee a home first-round draw to the minnows .

In vain he hoped to carve out an alternative career as a journalist and cricket writer .
in vain he hoped to carve out an [other option] career as a journalist and cricket writer .

An Alternative Framework
an [other option] framework

And as existing experience , unchecked by alternative views of collective reflection , becomes sedimented into teachers ' consciousness as valued and ‘ successful ’ procedure , so pedagogy undergoes petrification .
and as existing experience , unchecked by [other option] views of collective reflection , becomes sedimented into teachers ' consciousness as valued and ‘ successful ’ procedure , so pedagogy undergoes petrification .

More actively , students who can not ‘ adjust ’ equably to being labelled ‘ failures ’ may seek alternative sources of esteem .
more actively , students who can not ‘ adjust ’ equably to being labelled ‘ failures ’ may seek [other option] sources of esteem .

Cincinnati Bell Inc has had the all clear from Standard & Poor 's Corp , which affirmed Cincinnati Bell Telephone Co 's double-A-minus senior debt rating on its $285m or so of debt following the company 's announcement that it would file for a 9% increase in local services and a three-year alternative regulation plan beginning January 1 1994 .
cincinnati bell inc has had the all clear from standard & poor 's corp , which affirmed cincinnati bell telephone co 's double-a-minus senior debt rating on its $285m or so of debt following the company 's announcement that it would file for a 9% increase in local services and a three-year [other option] regulation plan beginning january 1 1994 .

We could devise alternative definitions of these phenomena but they are not likely to be any more helpful than those we have .
we could devise [other option] definitions of these phenomena but they are not likely to be any more helpful than those we have .

Similarly , we may contrast the ‘ before and after ’ situations of alternative interventions to see whether one is more effective than the other .
similarly , we may contrast the ‘ before and after ’ situations of [other option] interventions to see whether one is more effective than the other .

Many professional and voluntary workers in the health , education , social and youth services express concern that young girls are choosing parenthood as an alternative to unemployment or tedious unskilled jobs ( Johnson , 1980 ) .
many professional and voluntary workers in the health , education , social and youth services express concern that young girls are choosing parenthood as an [other option] to unemployment or tedious unskilled jobs ( johnson , 1980 ) .

Adoption was intended to create new family relationships not change those which already existed and joint custody was introduced as an alternative and to give some legal recognition to step-parents .
adoption was intended to create new family relationships not change those which already existed and joint custody was introduced as an [other option] and to give some legal recognition to step-parents .

We are , or may be , open to alternative explanations .
we are , or may be , open to [other option] explanations .

Politically , any alternative would obviously have been extremely difficult to implement while among the economists in the Economic Section the allure of Keynesian economics easily distracted attention from microeconomic problems and the need to understand how economic institutions actually worked .
politically , any [other option] would obviously have been extremely difficult to implement while among the economists in the economic section the allure of keynesian economics easily distracted attention from microeconomic problems and the need to understand how economic institutions actually worked .

The alternative was an unsustainable loss of financial reserves .
the [other option] was an unsustainable loss of financial reserves .

Alternative measures of concentration — such as capitalisation — give even higher ratios .
[other option] measures of concentration — such as capitalisation — give even higher ratios .

He has to ask : was there any real alternative ?
he has to ask : was there any real [other option] ?

At the time , certainly alternative courses were being urged .
at the time , certainly [other option] courses were being urged .

The alternative to a fail-safe structure from the airworthiness certification point of view is establishing , by means of full scale testing , the fatigue life of the structure concerned and then replacing it well before the end of that life is reached .
the [other option] to a fail-safe structure from the airworthiness certification point of view is establishing , by means of full scale testing , the fatigue life of the structure concerned and then replacing it well before the end of that life is reached .

From a practical point of view , however , you can not have a public inquiry into every accident — though heaven knows there were enough of them in the 1950s — so the alternative is an inquiry held in private .
from a practical point of view , however , you can not have a public inquiry into every accident — though heaven knows there were enough of them in the 1950s — so the [other option] is an inquiry held in private .

Alternative methods of achieving the same objective should be sought and the problem should not be allowed to rest until a satisfactory solution is found .
[other option] methods of achieving the same objective should be sought and the problem should not be allowed to rest until a satisfactory solution is found .

Unix ‘ the only real alternative ’
unix ‘ the only real [other option] ’

The product has proved to be stable over the anticipated lifespan of the building and has advantages over alternative methods of roof insulation , namely , energy efficiency , ease of installation and speed of erection .
the product has proved to be stable over the anticipated lifespan of the building and has advantages over [other option] methods of roof insulation , namely , energy efficiency , ease of installation and speed of erection .

There 's a simple , cost-effective alternative that 's freely available and guaranteed for 50 years .
there 's a simple , cost-effective [other option] that 's freely available and guaranteed for 50 years .

Here at last is a practical alternative to thermos flasks , and unnecessary stop overs when you 're travelling .
here at last is a practical [other option] to thermos flasks , and unnecessary stop overs when you 're travelling .

For use limited to a shorter period , the alternative would be to rent the machines .
for use limited to a shorter period , the [other option] would be to rent the machines .

Finished with narrow turn ups they make a smart alternative to conventional trousers when the temperature rises .
finished with narrow turn ups they make a smart [other option] to conventional trousers when the temperature rises .

If you are tired of high technology resulting in high cost , may we suggest a possible alternative scenario ; the new Graphite Micro Series , a range of microcomputers which will bring true performance and flexibility to your business computing .
if you are tired of high technology resulting in high cost , may we suggest a possible [other option] scenario ; the new graphite micro series , a range of microcomputers which will bring true performance and flexibility to your business computing .

When Saturday Comes is Britain 's leading alternative football magazine , and its next 12 humorous , nostalgic , yet incisive monthly issues can be yours for the almost insignificant fee of £11 ( including postage ) .
when saturday comes is britain 's leading [other option] football magazine , and its next 12 humorous , nostalgic , yet incisive monthly issues can be yours for the almost insignificant fee of £11 ( including postage ) .

Built in greater numbers than any other biplane in the western world , these lovely old machines combine classic good looks with safe and affordable flying characteristics to produce a unique and highly desirable alternative to other forms of capital appreciation .
built in greater numbers than any other biplane in the western world , these lovely old machines combine classic good looks with safe and affordable flying characteristics to produce a unique and highly desirable [other option] to other forms of capital appreciation .

Improved and expanded since opening in the early 70 's the marina has matured into a real alternative to the South Coast .
improved and expanded since opening in the early 70 's the marina has matured into a real [other option] to the south coast .

Aft double owners cabins are featured throughout the range from 31 foot to 43 foot — as an alternative to twin doubles in most cases .
aft double owners cabins are featured throughout the range from 31 foot to 43 foot — as an [other option] to twin doubles in most cases .

These communities currently receive a service from a rural mobile library , and it is intended to enhance the level of service until alternative service provision is made available .
these communities currently receive a service from a rural mobile library , and it is intended to enhance the level of service until [other option] service provision is made available .

Writing of Andrewes ' public life he concludes , ‘ It is a cause of thanksgiving that Andrewes can be convicted of weakness rather than malice , but it is sad that either alternative should have to be attributed to such a man . ’
writing of andrewes ' public life he concludes , ‘ it is a cause of thanksgiving that andrewes can be convicted of weakness rather than malice , but it is sad that either [other option] should have to be attributed to such a man . ’

At first sight it is astonishing that the Alternative Service Book of the Church of England should commemorate someone who was imprisoned for refusing to attend its services , who wrote a treatise against its Prayer Book , and who in his memoirs counted among his sins his reverence for that Church as a child .
at first sight it is astonishing that the [other option] service book of the church of england should commemorate someone who was imprisoned for refusing to attend its services , who wrote a treatise against its prayer book , and who in his memoirs counted among his sins his reverence for that church as a child .

Added to which Lombroso — more famous for his theory about the physiognomic stigmata of criminality — interpreted his observations on genius in a similarly negative fashion , viewing social deviance and the propensity to creativity as alternative expressions of biological degeneracy .
added to which lombroso — more famous for his theory about the physiognomic stigmata of criminality — interpreted his observations on genius in a similarly negative fashion , viewing social deviance and the propensity to creativity as [other option] expressions of biological degeneracy .

The dangerous alternative to the psychiatric help he is offering is Despair .
the dangerous [other option] to the psychiatric help he is offering is despair .

They also called on the churches to teach their leaders and congregations to use alternative models of communication that are accessible to most people and that would enable communicators to get their message across most effectively .
they also called on the churches to teach their leaders and congregations to use [other option] models of communication that are accessible to most people and that would enable communicators to get their message across most effectively .

What the programme should do , however , is ( a ) draw attention to intermediate communication technology which functions independently ; ( b ) foster those technologies which allow control by the people , such as audio and video recordings , community press and community radio , and alternative computer networks ; and ( c ) contribute towards the development of communication policies based on the principle of people 's sovereignty .
what the programme should do , however , is ( a ) draw attention to intermediate communication technology which functions independently ; ( b ) foster those technologies which allow control by the people , such as audio and video recordings , community press and community radio , and [other option] computer networks ; and ( c ) contribute towards the development of communication policies based on the principle of people 's sovereignty .

Some churches have explored ‘ alternative ’ media or new formats of religious communication , pioneered especially in sound broadcasting .
some churches have explored ‘ [other option] ’ media or new formats of religious communication , pioneered especially in sound broadcasting .

Yet little systematic work has been done on such alternative formats , nor on the religious symbols employed by them .
yet little systematic work has been done on such [other option] formats , nor on the religious symbols employed by them .

This event also provides an opportunity to break away from our dependence on fossil fuels and start encouraging an international energy policy that supports alternative energy sources and reduces the threat of contamination .
this event also provides an opportunity to break away from our dependence on fossil fuels and start encouraging an international energy policy that supports [other option] energy sources and reduces the threat of contamination .

An alternative to all permanent studio easels are transportable easels .
an [other option] to all permanent studio easels are transportable easels .

Topics in the talk included alternative training methods , particularly for building up leg strength .
topics in the talk included [other option] training methods , particularly for building up leg strength .

We 've the flexibility to offer alternative itineraries , should you wish .
we 've the flexibility to offer [other option] itineraries , should you wish .

Back in the Alternative Talking Newspapers Collective we 'd started up our own taped socialist magazine , Left Out .
back in the [other option] talking newspapers collective we 'd started up our own taped socialist magazine , left out .

Essex education officers are concerned that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find an alternative school for excluded pupils and to match up exam courses .
essex education officers are concerned that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find an [other option] school for excluded pupils and to match up exam courses .

Campaigners now hope parish councillors will abandon their scheme for 30 new lights and accept alternative proposals instead .
campaigners now hope parish councillors will abandon their scheme for 30 new lights and accept [other option] proposals instead .

Funeral directors were unable to suggest a non-religious alternative .
funeral directors were unable to suggest a non-religious [other option] .

Paradoxically , the availability of the Invalid Care Allowance ( until recently restricted to single carers ) may sharpen the dilemma , for if some alternative financial support is available ( albeit not generous ) giving up work becomes a real possibility .
paradoxically , the availability of the invalid care allowance ( until recently restricted to single carers ) may sharpen the dilemma , for if some [other option] financial support is available ( albeit not generous ) giving up work becomes a real possibility .

It is the public sector alternative to the price mechanism of ‘ the market ’ for allocating limited resources — an alternative that has been hotly debated since the origin of the Poor Law .
it is the public sector [other option] to the price mechanism of ‘ the market ’ for allocating limited resources — an [other option] that has been hotly debated since the origin of the poor law .

Mason , of Bramston View , Witham , was acquitted of attempting to murder 27-year-old Adrian Hawes , but the jury failed to reach a verdict on alternative charges of wounding with intent and causing actual bodily harm .
mason , of bramston view , witham , was acquitted of attempting to murder 27-year-old adrian hawes , but the jury failed to reach a verdict on [other option] charges of wounding with intent and causing actual bodily harm .

Another alternative St. Margaret 's Hospital at Epping has a casualty department which is only open 9am-5pm and will shortly close anyway , he said .
another [other option] st. margaret 's hospital at epping has a casualty department which is only open 9am-5pm and will shortly close anyway , he said .

Various alternative uses have been suggested by the council in its attempts to justify the closure , but its main plank has been the need for housing .
various [other option] uses have been suggested by the council in its attempts to justify the closure , but its main plank has been the need for housing .

He believes that the increases in transport fuel costs will hit both farmers and farmworkers , many of whom have no alternative to the car in public transport .
he believes that the increases in transport fuel costs will hit both farmers and farmworkers , many of whom have no [other option] to the car in public transport .

There are growing signs of a desire to abandon the descriptive approach to this material and to examine unknown fields rather than continuing to prove by alternative means what is already known .
there are growing signs of a desire to abandon the descriptive approach to this material and to examine unknown fields rather than continuing to prove by [other option] means what is already known .

Anglo-Saxon archaeology has n't come to a crisis point as did prehistoric studies in the early 1960s ; rather it is gradually slipping into new directions with the establishment of a generation of archaeologists more aware that alternative approaches exist to be tried and which have been available for 20 years .
anglo-saxon archaeology has n't come to a crisis point as did prehistoric studies in the early 1960s ; rather it is gradually slipping into new directions with the establishment of a generation of archaeologists more aware that [other option] approaches exist to be tried and which have been available for 20 years .

In this way the results of characterisation studies can be corroborated by alternative , and independent , measures of similarity .
in this way the results of characterisation studies can be corroborated by [other option] , and independent , measures of similarity .

It is considerably harder to characterise the form of exchange at a local level , although we may hypothesise about its nature on the basis of the organisation viewed through alternative forms of evidence .
it is considerably harder to characterise the form of exchange at a local level , although we may hypothesise about its nature on the basis of the organisation viewed through [other option] forms of evidence .

Wax is the best alternative and which explains many of the observed variations .
wax is the best [other option] and which explains many of the observed variations .

Allied today has an unbelievable choice of alternative ways to achieve a total look for your home .
allied today has an unbelievable choice of [other option] ways to achieve a total look for your home .

Each piece is individually made in solid gold and set with the world 's finest alternative to diamonds .
each piece is individually made in solid gold and set with the world 's finest [other option] to diamonds .

However there 's nothing complex or mysterious about LoSalt , the reduced sodium salt alternative .
however there 's nothing complex or mysterious about losalt , the reduced sodium salt [other option] .

Fortunately , there 's now a real alternative to anti-perspirant .
fortunately , there 's now a real [other option] to anti-perspirant .

So now you do n't have to put up with a two-star performance from ordinary mercury-free batteries , when there is now a new four star alternative .
so now you do n't have to put up with a two-star performance from ordinary mercury-free batteries , when there is now a new four star [other option] .

Farley 's Junior Milk is a better alternative to cow 's milk for babies from six months .
farley 's junior milk is a better [other option] to cow 's milk for babies from six months .

These lively , white-cheeked diving duck with their stiff tails , hence their alternative name , first featured on the wildfowl count at Abberton in September 1980 .
these lively , white-cheeked diving duck with their stiff tails , hence their [other option] name , first featured on the wildfowl count at abberton in september 1980 .

It is not , and can not be , merely a managerialist alternative to the Conservatives .
it is not , and can not be , merely a managerialist [other option] to the conservatives .

The alternative fault-line of British politics might be between a Conservative Party espousing equality of opportunity and a Labour Party dedicated to achieving greater equality of outcome , whether that be through the tax system , social security , improved public services or , more probably , a combination of all three .
the [other option] fault-line of british politics might be between a conservative party espousing equality of opportunity and a labour party dedicated to achieving greater equality of outcome , whether that be through the tax system , social security , improved public services or , more probably , a combination of all three .

From the mid-1970s , he formed the base of an alternative that would avoid ecological ruin as well as exploitative labour , which provided health care , eliminated alcoholism , raised women 's status , devised technology to enhance not supplant human labour .
from the mid-1970s , he formed the base of an [other option] that would avoid ecological ruin as well as exploitative labour , which provided health care , eliminated alcoholism , raised women 's status , devised technology to enhance not supplant human labour .

The alternative , of course , is to buckle down and get on with playing the game by Westminster 's rules .
the [other option] , of course , is to buckle down and get on with playing the game by westminster 's rules .

When contracts had been exchanged on the house Lee arranged to go and stay in Wales for a while with friends , a couple with a two-year-old boy , who lived self-sufficiently , an ‘ alternative lifestyle ’ .
when contracts had been exchanged on the house lee arranged to go and stay in wales for a while with friends , a couple with a two-year-old boy , who lived self-sufficiently , an ‘ [other option] lifestyle ’ .

When , in desperation , one tried to recall what exactly Labour 's alternative economic strategy was , all one could remember was ‘ training ’ .
when , in desperation , one tried to recall what exactly labour 's [other option] economic strategy was , all one could remember was ‘ training ’ .

It has not shifted the old Labour image and habits towards the new kind of social-democratic space that has begun to emerge in some European countries , and which represents the only real alternative for the left that wants to govern in the next post-Maastricht decade .
it has not shifted the old labour image and habits towards the new kind of social-democratic space that has begun to emerge in some european countries , and which represents the only real [other option] for the left that wants to govern in the next post-maastricht decade .

At the same time , we have also to exist with the knowledge that the planet and its poor are breaking under the strain of that same economic system to which there is , nevertheless , no alternative .
at the same time , we have also to exist with the knowledge that the planet and its poor are breaking under the strain of that same economic system to which there is , nevertheless , no [other option] .

Is there an alternative for Labour to the introspection of leadership contests and inquests ?
is there an [other option] for labour to the introspection of leadership contests and inquests ?

We also explored alternative ways of looking at certain events .
we also explored [other option] ways of looking at certain events .

We encouraged group members to look at alternative ways of dealing with feelings , such as talking to a friend , crying , shouting and asserting themselves .
we encouraged group members to look at [other option] ways of dealing with feelings , such as talking to a friend , crying , shouting and asserting themselves .

The Focus Activity asks you to choose an alternative way of delivering care ; to describe how this could be implemented in your situation ; and what the consequences might be for individual clients , costs and staffing .
the focus activity asks you to choose an [other option] way of delivering care ; to describe how this could be implemented in your situation ; and what the consequences might be for individual clients , costs and staffing .

You will probably have to consult colleagues to gain some of this information and you will also need access to a library to research the alternative delivery system you have chosen to examine .
you will probably have to consult colleagues to gain some of this information and you will also need access to a library to research the [other option] delivery system you have chosen to examine .

This framework uses terminology already recognised by practising nurses , that of the nursing process and offers an alternative to the structure , process and outcome approach .
this framework uses terminology already recognised by practising nurses , that of the nursing process and offers an [other option] to the structure , process and outcome approach .

This does not mean that victims are consciously playing this game , but rather that they have learnt to live this way , not realising there is any better alternative .
this does not mean that victims are consciously playing this game , but rather that they have learnt to live this way , not realising there is any better [other option] .

An earlier alternative economy was based on the jogo de bicho , an illegal lottery that became big business .
an earlier [other option] economy was based on the jogo de bicho , an illegal lottery that became big business .

Because there is no alternative local model of development , there is little resistance to what is imposed upon us , with its resulting social disintegration and violence .
because there is no [other option] local model of development , there is little resistance to what is imposed upon us , with its resulting social disintegration and violence .

In the favelas , the poor will have their own alternative meetings in June .
in the favelas , the poor will have their own [other option] meetings in june .

Much of it can represent an alternative brand of rural Conservatism or ‘ the only way to beat the Tory ’ .
much of it can represent an [other option] brand of rural conservatism or ‘ the only way to beat the tory ’ .

But no sooner has one power élite asserted cultural power through the ideology of national hegemony , than another would-be élite , speaking out of a sense of power exclusion , sets up alternative demands .
but no sooner has one power élite asserted cultural power through the ideology of national hegemony , than another would-be élite , speaking out of a sense of power exclusion , sets up [other option] demands .

Independence is as fictitious as the homogenous nation state , yet is is thought of as an ‘ objective ’ , because it is not possible at the moment to separate from an existing dominant state without making your own alternative .
independence is as fictitious as the homogenous nation state , yet is is thought of as an ‘ objective ’ , because it is not possible at the moment to separate from an existing dominant state without making your own [other option] .

However , Mr Smith — machismo on the line — has set his jaw against devaluation , an essential part of any alternative programme .
however , mr smith — machismo on the line — has set his jaw against devaluation , an essential part of any [other option] programme .

Such paintings , generously represented in the exhibition , proved enormously popular in the 19th century to the picture-buyer seeking a painting flavoured with exoticism — perhaps to hang alongside the painting flavoured with the alternative exoticism of a medieval theme .
such paintings , generously represented in the exhibition , proved enormously popular in the 19th century to the picture-buyer seeking a painting flavoured with exoticism — perhaps to hang alongside the painting flavoured with the [other option] exoticism of a medieval theme .

His brother Lewis , a successful alternative comedian ( another who betrays the treasured privacy of his humour ; Scots regard jokes as intimate gifts between friends ) does a routine about the rest of the universe lying outside one 's own front door .
his brother lewis , a successful [other option] comedian ( another who betrays the treasured privacy of his humour ; scots regard jokes as intimate gifts between friends ) does a routine about the rest of the universe lying outside one 's own front door .

Varah intervened and , in finding her alternative accommodation , averted a family tragedy — proof of the crucial role played by his brainchild .
varah intervened and , in finding her [other option] accommodation , averted a family tragedy — proof of the crucial role played by his brainchild .

It seems that the ideals of the supposed alternative comedians had filtered through about eight years too late .
it seems that the ideals of the supposed [other option] comedians had filtered through about eight years too late .

The real joke is that , by the time they made the decision , the alternative comedians were appearing in commercials and sitcoms of a kind indistinguishable from those they had once criticised .
the real joke is that , by the time they made the decision , the [other option] comedians were appearing in commercials and sitcoms of a kind indistinguishable from those they had once criticised .

The task is immense , painfully long-term and difficult to ‘ sell ’ , but it has one great merit as a grounding for optimism : there is no alternative , no quick fix .
the task is immense , painfully long-term and difficult to ‘ sell ’ , but it has one great merit as a grounding for optimism : there is no [other option] , no quick fix .

He accuses Labour of offering no alternative , no vision ; yet he offers nothing himself , just one predictable analysis after another .
he accuses labour of offering no [other option] , no vision ; yet he offers nothing himself , just one predictable analysis after another .

If there is a future beyond social democracy and state socialism , it lies with an alternative to pandering to consumerism and the status quo .
if there is a future beyond social democracy and state socialism , it lies with an [other option] to pandering to consumerism and the status quo .

Yet what alternative was there for a female orator ?
yet what [other option] was there for a female orator ?

The essay becomes such a polished artefact that the unwary reader may miss the loose ends , the untidiness of unanswered questions , the possible alternative perspectives that sustain historical enquiry in such different forms in each generation .
the essay becomes such a polished artefact that the unwary reader may miss the loose ends , the untidiness of unanswered questions , the possible [other option] perspectives that sustain historical enquiry in such different forms in each generation .

An alternative might be the new technology bringing us to the leisure society with machines doing all the productive work and people freed to follow their own leisure pursuits .
an [other option] might be the new technology bringing us to the leisure society with machines doing all the productive work and people freed to follow their own leisure pursuits .

They nearly all found alternative employment , eventually .
they nearly all found [other option] employment , eventually .

If leisure is preferred to income at this point then they will choose the latter alternative .
if leisure is preferred to income at this point then they will choose the latter [other option] .

Prominent among those taking the pessimistic view , but active in opposing what he sees to be an extremely undesirable trend , is Mike Cooley , for many years a development engineer and active trade unionist within Lucas Aerospace and one of the architects of the Alternative Corporate Plan put forward by the shop stewards ' committee in that company .
prominent among those taking the pessimistic view , but active in opposing what he sees to be an extremely undesirable trend , is mike cooley , for many years a development engineer and active trade unionist within lucas aerospace and one of the architects of the [other option] corporate plan put forward by the shop stewards ' committee in that company .

An alternative is that in which government takes much greater action to redistribute income .
an [other option] is that in which government takes much greater action to redistribute income .

The alternative implication Gershuny draws is that there could be a reduction in the average number of hours employed in the formal sector , with us all making more use of the our increased leisure by using our Black and Deckers , Moulinexs , and Sinclair products .
the [other option] implication gershuny draws is that there could be a reduction in the average number of hours employed in the formal sector , with us all making more use of the our increased leisure by using our black and deckers , moulinexs , and sinclair products .

The alternative , optimistic , view is taken by those who are confident that a suitable combination of market forces and judicial government action where market forces fail will provide a satisfactory outcome .
the [other option] , optimistic , view is taken by those who are confident that a suitable combination of market forces and judicial government action where market forces fail will provide a satisfactory outcome .

None of this may be objectively true — alternative , better , jobs simply may not exist even when there is not a high level of unemployment — but to the extent that individual workers believe the dominant achievement ideology in society then they will not wish to ‘ confess failure ’ by admitting that they do not enjoy an adequate level of job satisfaction .
none of this may be objectively true — [other option] , better , jobs simply may not exist even when there is not a high level of unemployment — but to the extent that individual workers believe the dominant achievement ideology in society then they will not wish to ‘ confess failure ’ by admitting that they do not enjoy an adequate level of job satisfaction .

We now turn to an alternative , fairly recent , intellectual tradition which emphasises the conflict of interests in the work-place and suggests that management , on behalf of capitalist interests , have moulded technical developments so that they suit these interests and run counter to the interests of labour .
we now turn to an [other option] , fairly recent , intellectual tradition which emphasises the conflict of interests in the work-place and suggests that management , on behalf of capitalist interests , have moulded technical developments so that they suit these interests and run counter to the interests of labour .

Additional criticisms , some from outside the radical perspective , have been made , but we deal with these in the next chapter where we put forward an alternative conceptual framework within which to consider the issues .
additional criticisms , some from outside the radical perspective , have been made , but we deal with these in the next chapter where we put forward an [other option] conceptual framework within which to consider the issues .

In the face of such opposition , those managements with the wit to explore alternative strategies have adopted a range of techniques .
in the face of such opposition , those managements with the wit to explore [other option] strategies have adopted a range of techniques .

Mrs Kemp was left with no alternative but to accept that no hearing could take place .
mrs kemp was left with no [other option] but to accept that no hearing could take place .

The lawyers , too , agreed that on the basis of what was before him , the Sheriff had no alternative .
the lawyers , too , agreed that on the basis of what was before him , the sheriff had no [other option] .

An alternative method of weaving which produces ‘ bobbles ’ is to wrap the weaving yarn before knitting the row . Use this design :
an [other option] method of weaving which produces ‘ bobbles ’ is to wrap the weaving yarn before knitting the row . use this design :

On a Chunky machine an alternative to cotton thread is one end of 2/30 industrial yarn .
on a chunky machine an [other option] to cotton thread is one end of 2/30 industrial yarn .

The most obvious innovation is the alternative tuning method , via a rotating knob on top of the unit .
the most obvious innovation is the [other option] tuning method , via a rotating knob on top of the unit .

After Canhas there is a road to the right — which it is very easy to miss — which leads up to Paúl da Serra and one of the alternative routes through to Porto do Moniz .
after canhas there is a road to the right — which it is very easy to miss — which leads up to paúl da serra and one of the [other option] routes through to porto do moniz .

There is an alternative route from Canhas to Porto do Moniz , particularly to be recommended if the weather is cloudy up on the moor , although it does wind and twist .
there is an [other option] route from canhas to porto do moniz , particularly to be recommended if the weather is cloudy up on the moor , although it does wind and twist .

From Portela , an alternative route is to go along the north coast through Porto da Cruz and Faial .
from portela , an [other option] route is to go along the north coast through porto da cruz and faial .

Specifically , it is to query the new received wisdom , that the alternative party to the Conservatives in British politics has only to take the consumerist road , and present itself as the protector of the individual against Big Business and Big Government .
specifically , it is to query the new received wisdom , that the [other option] party to the conservatives in british politics has only to take the consumerist road , and present itself as the protector of the individual against big business and big government .

The Liberal Democrats under Ashdown are enthusiastically pro-market and anti-trade union ; they are seeking to create an anti-socialist alternative to the Tories rather than an anti-Tory alliance .
the liberal democrats under ashdown are enthusiastically pro-market and anti-trade union ; they are seeking to create an anti-socialist [other option] to the tories rather than an anti-tory alliance .

No other alternative to the Tories is on offer .
no other [other option] to the tories is on offer .

The provincial alternative comedy circuit is nothing if not chaotic .
the provincial [other option] comedy circuit is nothing if not chaotic .

Tell an alternative comedian that you live in Sheffield and work mainly outside London , and there 's a good chance that they 'll treat you with suspicion .
tell an [other option] comedian that you live in sheffield and work mainly outside london , and there 's a good chance that they 'll treat you with suspicion .

This kind of attitude is becoming increasingly outdated , given the number of top alternative comedians who have learned their craft at least partly outside London .
this kind of attitude is becoming increasingly outdated , given the number of top [other option] comedians who have learned their craft at least partly outside london .

In any case , proxy votes are a poor alternative .
in any case , proxy votes are a poor [other option] .

The discrediting of statism has left a massive vacuum at the heart of the Latin American left 's philosophy and the search for an alternative vision to the prevailing neoliberal orthodoxy is one of its most pressing tasks if it is serious about taking power through the ballot box with a radical programme .
the discrediting of statism has left a massive vacuum at the heart of the latin american left 's philosophy and the search for an [other option] vision to the prevailing neoliberal orthodoxy is one of its most pressing tasks if it is serious about taking power through the ballot box with a radical programme .

Later , having made enough sets for all our lines , we discovered a ‘ quickie ’ alternative .
later , having made enough sets for all our lines , we discovered a ‘ quickie ’ [other option] .

The steadying windvane is a help , and the alternative triangular frame idea shows a way of using weight itself as a stabilising force .
the steadying windvane is a help , and the [other option] triangular frame idea shows a way of using weight itself as a stabilising force .

It is flown there as the alternative to the massive O-dako or rectangular Edo kites , largely because its three-spar construction enables it to be rolled up when the spine is removed .
it is flown there as the [other option] to the massive o-dako or rectangular edo kites , largely because its three-spar construction enables it to be rolled up when the spine is removed .

Alternative Glasto
[other option] glasto

But apparently American audiences just go and watch ‘ the bands ’ , and if it 's ‘ Alternative Contemporary ’ then that 's what it is .
but apparently american audiences just go and watch ‘ the bands ’ , and if it 's ‘ [other option] contemporary ’ then that 's what it is .

Joe once sent the fanzine Alternative Ulster a thank-you present — a consignment of lawnmower parts !
joe once sent the fanzine [other option] ulster a thank-you present — a consignment of lawnmower parts !

Vocalist Bliss Blood mixes dominatrix chic with rock ' n'roll bawdiness , a powerful performance that , although not fully formed , allows the audience to whip up their own fantasies in time to Pain Teens ' alternative progressive/oppressive sonic attack .
vocalist bliss blood mixes dominatrix chic with rock ' n'roll bawdiness , a powerful performance that , although not fully formed , allows the audience to whip up their own fantasies in time to pain teens ' [other option] progressive/oppressive sonic attack .

The girl called Maggie had no alternative but to sit in a chair close to Eileen .
the girl called maggie had no [other option] but to sit in a chair close to eileen .

It 's an alternative path to safety so that , when the obvious path is blocked , you can still get away .
it 's an [other option] path to safety so that , when the obvious path is blocked , you can still get away .

As an alternative to a good kicking , the gang may decide to have some fun once they have rushed you .
as an [other option] to a good kicking , the gang may decide to have some fun once they have rushed you .

After these three had given their approval , it would have demanded considerable determination to have put forward an alternative nomination .
after these three had given their approval , it would have demanded considerable determination to have put forward an [other option] nomination .

So the Regent had apparently decided upon Edward 's second alternative — challenge in the field .
so the regent had apparently decided upon edward 's second [other option] — challenge in the field .

Or would African governments control the press and so prevent alternative voices from being heard ?
or would african governments control the press and so prevent [other option] voices from being heard ?

But it soon became apparent in Zambia and other new countries that inexperienced and possibly unstable governments feared the ability of the press to provide conflicting or alternative ‘ truths ’ , for this put enormous power into the hands of the press proprietors .
but it soon became apparent in zambia and other new countries that inexperienced and possibly unstable governments feared the ability of the press to provide conflicting or [other option] ‘ truths ’ , for this put enormous power into the hands of the press proprietors .

Opportunities for Nigerians living within a single region to receive alternative views on their own sets are therefore limited .
opportunities for nigerians living within a single region to receive [other option] views on their own sets are therefore limited .

The reason as we have seen is that it succeeds in employing more information than any alternative system .
the reason as we have seen is that it succeeds in employing more information than any [other option] system .

The major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by Freudianism and Marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that Christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the Western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of Professor Friedman and Professor Hayek .
the major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than [other option] economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by freudianism and marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of professor friedman and professor hayek .

Next we considered the major alternative form of economic system , namely a socialism based on Marxism .
next we considered the major [other option] form of economic system , namely a socialism based on marxism .

Some companies have been set up and others reformed to offer an alternative to the limited liability structure , for example the John Lewis Partnership , the Scott Bader Co .
some companies have been set up and others reformed to offer an [other option] to the limited liability structure , for example the john lewis partnership , the scott bader co .

While the key features of each — the limited liability company , the use of collective bargaining and the state provision of welfare — all have something of a Christian basis in terms of providing outlets for savings , strengthening the family , and correcting injustice and providing for those in need , nevertheless it is easy to see how they can become taken over by humanistic philosophy — so that they become unlimited freedom to create wealth , the use of collective power and the denial of individual merit and the state as the alternative for the family and private charity .
while the key features of each — the limited liability company , the use of collective bargaining and the state provision of welfare — all have something of a christian basis in terms of providing outlets for savings , strengthening the family , and correcting injustice and providing for those in need , nevertheless it is easy to see how they can become taken over by humanistic philosophy — so that they become unlimited freedom to create wealth , the use of collective power and the denial of individual merit and the state as the [other option] for the family and private charity .

In the alternative case the offer is simply accepted by performance .
in the [other option] case the offer is simply accepted by performance .

Courts have a discretion , in special circumstances , to award an alternative remedy to damages for breach of contract .
courts have a discretion , in special circumstances , to award an [other option] remedy to damages for breach of contract .

The alternative to leasing is , of course , to buy premises — if you can afford to do so .
the [other option] to leasing is , of course , to buy premises — if you can afford to do so .

Giving as much advance warning of a possible redundancy , consulting with trade union representatives , selecting employees for redundancy using objective criteria and making sure alternative jobs are not ignored would show an industrial tribunal that an employer was acting reasonably .
giving as much advance warning of a possible redundancy , consulting with trade union representatives , selecting employees for redundancy using objective criteria and making sure [other option] jobs are not ignored would show an industrial tribunal that an employer was acting reasonably .

Following the defeat of the dump plan for Ovens , local residents began a campaign to force Raybestos to use a safe alternative raw material rather than asbestos in the factory .
following the defeat of the dump plan for ovens , local residents began a campaign to force raybestos to use a safe [other option] raw material rather than asbestos in the factory .

In November 1976 a meeting was held in Sreelane Parish Hall to demand the use of a safe alternative raw material after some 600 people signed a petition calling for the use of such a material .
in november 1976 a meeting was held in sreelane parish hall to demand the use of a safe [other option] raw material after some 600 people signed a petition calling for the use of such a material .

It has unique lathering properties so if you do n't like using soaps or detergent , ShiKai makes a great natural alternative .
it has unique lathering properties so if you do n't like using soaps or detergent , shikai makes a great natural [other option] .

Before Antony Licata styled the alternative look , dashes of golden copper lights were added to the longer areas at the top and sides .
before antony licata styled the [other option] look , dashes of golden copper lights were added to the longer areas at the top and sides .

Wet-look gel was used to slick down the front sections as an alternative .
wet-look gel was used to slick down the front sections as an [other option] .

Buddhists , indeed , have insisted that there is nothing supernatural about such enlightenment : the visions , ecstasies and other alternative states of consciousness experienced by an adept are not a meeting with an alien , divine reality but are natural to the human condition , even though most people have not developed this spiritual potential within themselves .
buddhists , indeed , have insisted that there is nothing supernatural about such enlightenment : the visions , ecstasies and other [other option] states of consciousness experienced by an adept are not a meeting with an alien , divine reality but are natural to the human condition , even though most people have not developed this spiritual potential within themselves .

But this was a music of thought , not sound , and its purpose was to stimulate an alternative state of consciousness .
but this was a music of thought , not sound , and its purpose was to stimulate an [other option] state of consciousness .

In the early Middle Ages , Lectio , Meditatio and Oratio were all designed to lead to Contemplation , but Contemplatio was not regarded as an esoteric discipline , an advanced state of prayer or the cultivation of an alternative mode of consciousness .
in the early middle ages , lectio , meditatio and oratio were all designed to lead to contemplation , but contemplatio was not regarded as an esoteric discipline , an advanced state of prayer or the cultivation of an [other option] mode of consciousness .

Still , there is an alternative tradition in Western thought , one which has never become ‘ official ’ but which nevertheless arises spontaneously from experience .
still , there is an [other option] tradition in western thought , one which has never become ‘ official ’ but which nevertheless arises spontaneously from experience .

So an alternative explanation had to be found , hence the idea of Meehan and Griffiths as a follow-up team .
so an [other option] explanation had to be found , hence the idea of meehan and griffiths as a follow-up team .

There was no alternative for the guilds than for them to go out to trade for assistance , passing on their additional expenditure to the client .
there was no [other option] for the guilds than for them to go out to trade for assistance , passing on their additional expenditure to the client .

This had nothing whatsoever to do with fabrics , referring instead to an alternative to upholstery nails : tin-dipped filigree stamped iron available in rolls of — it must be presumed — twenty yards , a length sufficient to outline the lid , sides and ends of a coffin , such as that on the outer case of Lord Vere Bertie ( d.1770 ) in the Wray vault at All Saints ' , Branston , in Lincolnshire .
this had nothing whatsoever to do with fabrics , referring instead to an [other option] to upholstery nails : tin-dipped filigree stamped iron available in rolls of — it must be presumed — twenty yards , a length sufficient to outline the lid , sides and ends of a coffin , such as that on the outer case of lord vere bertie ( d.1770 ) in the wray vault at all saints ' , branston , in lincolnshire .

One alternative is to order decaffeinated coffee , which certainly is an improvement on the original version .
one [other option] is to order decaffeinated coffee , which certainly is an improvement on the original version .

One obvious alternative to the hamburger is a sandwich — try chopped chicken or tuna on wholewheat ; ask them to go easy on the mayo .
one obvious [other option] to the hamburger is a sandwich — try chopped chicken or tuna on wholewheat ; ask them to go easy on the mayo .

Of the first courses , therefore , the chicken tikka and kebabs are the health leaders , while prawn patia is a slightly moister alternative .
of the first courses , therefore , the chicken tikka and kebabs are the health leaders , while prawn patia is a slightly moister [other option] .

These are an alternative healthy choice , particularly if they are seafood or chicken-based .
these are an [other option] healthy choice , particularly if they are seafood or chicken-based .

What we would expect you to do is to consider various alternative methods of pricing and to come out with a recommendation .
what we would expect you to do is to consider various [other option] methods of pricing and to come out with a recommendation .

This probably calls for a basic two-part structure , with part one detailing your assumptions , deductions and conclusions , and giving your analysis of the problems , while part two looks at possible alternative courses of action and spells out your ‘ solution ’ .
this probably calls for a basic two-part structure , with part one detailing your assumptions , deductions and conclusions , and giving your analysis of the problems , while part two looks at possible [other option] courses of action and spells out your ‘ solution ’ .

There are various alternative renderings of this in different textbooks , but the simplest is as follows :
there are various [other option] renderings of this in different textbooks , but the simplest is as follows :

You are required to write a report for submission to the Board of Cheshire Restaurants Ltd , analysing the alternative proposals and submitting your recommendations as to the course to be pursued .
you are required to write a report for submission to the board of cheshire restaurants ltd , analysing the [other option] proposals and submitting your recommendations as to the course to be pursued .

Both the alternative development possibilities suggested appear to be attractive , but you need n't restrict yourself to them alone .
both the [other option] development possibilities suggested appear to be attractive , but you need n't restrict yourself to them alone .

Alternative leisure facilities for the wives of golfers , hill climbers , etc .
[other option] leisure facilities for the wives of golfers , hill climbers , etc .

Custom and practice determine whether any particular pub is managed or tenanted , and the company has no formal policy in favour of either alternative .
custom and practice determine whether any particular pub is managed or tenanted , and the company has no formal policy in favour of either [other option] .

As an alternative , Palatine shareholders will be offered the opportunity to elect for cash in respect of all or part of their holding in Palatine ordinary shares . The Cash Alternative will be on the following basis :
as an [other option] , palatine shareholders will be offered the opportunity to elect for cash in respect of all or part of their holding in palatine ordinary shares . the cash [other option] will be on the following basis :

The maximum cash payment by Anglo-Welsh under the Cash Alternative would be approximately £45.5m .
the maximum cash payment by anglo-welsh under the cash [other option] would be approximately £45.5m .

This means that your solution may differ , quite legitimately , from your neighbour 's ( in fact it is one of the characteristics of a good case study that it can give rise to equally valid alternative solutions ) .
this means that your solution may differ , quite legitimately , from your neighbour 's ( in fact it is one of the characteristics of a good case study that it can give rise to equally valid [other option] solutions ) .

However , the facts still fit two alternative scenarios :
however , the facts still fit two [other option] scenarios :

The fact that there have not leads us to consider a possible alternative explanation .
the fact that there have not leads us to consider a possible [other option] explanation .

4 . Alternative Courses of Action
4 . [other option] courses of action

Fairly obviously , it is Alternative 4 ( c ) which points the way forward .
fairly obviously , it is [other option] 4 ( c ) which points the way forward .

From the explosion of ‘ alternative ’ comedy of the last 15 years , it is people like Paul Merton and Julian Clary who are now showing to have the staying power .
from the explosion of ‘ [other option] ’ comedy of the last 15 years , it is people like paul merton and julian clary who are now showing to have the staying power .

Commentators on the Eighties alternative comedy scene made much of the politicisation of British comedy .
commentators on the eighties [other option] comedy scene made much of the politicisation of british comedy .

RECESSION-friendly , yummy and ridiculously popular since opening in April , Japanese eaterie Wagamana is offering a festive alternative to turkey and sprouts .
recession-friendly , yummy and ridiculously popular since opening in april , japanese eaterie wagamana is offering a festive [other option] to turkey and sprouts .

The real purpose of role-playing games is in providing a healthy alternative for potential child murderers and perverts . ‘ Yes , Tommy , you have got friends ! There 's Mumphkin the Leprechaun , Spazzle the Wizard and all the twitchy rabbits of Colostomy Castle ! ’
the real purpose of role-playing games is in providing a healthy [other option] for potential child murderers and perverts . ‘ yes , tommy , you have got friends ! there 's mumphkin the leprechaun , spazzle the wizard and all the twitchy rabbits of colostomy castle ! ’

At the same time also advise him or her that if a cash payment or a banker 's draft is not received within the next five days legal action will be the only alternative .
at the same time also advise him or her that if a cash payment or a banker 's draft is not received within the next five days legal action will be the only [other option] .

‘ There is , of course , another alternative .
‘ there is , of course , another [other option] .

But there is an alternative — herbal teas .
but there is an [other option] — herbal teas .

Here are some alternative ways to add body and volume to fine hair , making it more manageable , less flyaway and stylishly versatile .
here are some [other option] ways to add body and volume to fine hair , making it more manageable , less flyaway and stylishly versatile .

Turkey would do as an alternative .
turkey would do as an [other option] .

Never mind ; there is an alternative .
never mind ; there is an [other option] .

Like Top Level , Spinnaker obviously feels that importing data is n't that important for first-time users , so the only alternative format supported is comma-separated data .
like top level , spinnaker obviously feels that importing data is n't that important for first-time users , so the only [other option] format supported is comma-separated data .

There 's a menu-driven install or a custom-configuration alternative for the AccuCard driver utility .
there 's a menu-driven install or a custom-configuration [other option] for the accucard driver utility .

Not only were nearly three-fifths of the people here unable to scrape together sufficient personal property to reach the tax threshold of £2 , but none got the alternative of 20s .
not only were nearly three-fifths of the people here unable to scrape together sufficient personal property to reach the tax threshold of £2 , but none got the [other option] of 20s .

During the preceding century there had indeed been no pressure for subsistence , yet at the same time demand had been strong , especially in the east where the growth of a thriving cloth industry along the border , combined with the prosperity of the Devon stannaries , situated within a day 's journey by cart , had created a market lively enough to make small-scale farming a practicable alternative to labouring for wages .
during the preceding century there had indeed been no pressure for subsistence , yet at the same time demand had been strong , especially in the east where the growth of a thriving cloth industry along the border , combined with the prosperity of the devon stannaries , situated within a day 's journey by cart , had created a market lively enough to make small-scale farming a practicable [other option] to labouring for wages .

These enterprises present an alternative aspect of the supposed conflict of interest between ironmasters and the rest of the community that ordinarily commanded attention .
these enterprises present an [other option] aspect of the supposed conflict of interest between ironmasters and the rest of the community that ordinarily commanded attention .

Almost certainly alternative sources of income played an important part .
almost certainly [other option] sources of income played an important part .

The alternative solution is that the structure of ownership had changed little since 1522 , and that most land values recorded at that date represented the profits from subletting customary holdings — mostly in small parcels since the sums involved did not generally exceed ten or twelve shillings .
the [other option] solution is that the structure of ownership had changed little since 1522 , and that most land values recorded at that date represented the profits from subletting customary holdings — mostly in small parcels since the sums involved did not generally exceed ten or twelve shillings .

The difficulties which arise from this structure are familiar from the debates in feminism , where , woman , seems to be offered an alternative of either being the ‘ other ’ as constituted by man , that is , conforming to the stereotypes of patriarchy , or , if she is to avoid this , of being an absolute ‘ other ’ outside knowledge , necessarily confined to inarticulate expressions of mysticism or jouissance .
the difficulties which arise from this structure are familiar from the debates in feminism , where , woman , seems to be offered an [other option] of either being the ‘ other ’ as constituted by man , that is , conforming to the stereotypes of patriarchy , or , if she is to avoid this , of being an absolute ‘ other ’ outside knowledge , necessarily confined to inarticulate expressions of mysticism or jouissance .

The real difficulty has always been to find an alternative to the Hegelian dialectic — difficult because strictly speaking it is impossible , insofar as the operation of the dialectic already includes its negation .
the real difficulty has always been to find an [other option] to the hegelian dialectic — difficult because strictly speaking it is impossible , insofar as the operation of the dialectic already includes its negation .

The inadequateness of the term , however , insofar as it offers a univocal description of an extremely heterogeneous section of the world , also means that a suitable alternative general category can not by definition be produced .
the inadequateness of the term , however , insofar as it offers a univocal description of an extremely heterogeneous section of the world , also means that a suitable [other option] general category can not by definition be produced .

For the ‘ Third World ’ was invented in the context of the 1955 Bandung Conference , on the model of the French Revolution 's ‘ Third Estate ’ , and incorporating equally revolutionary ideals of providing a radical alternative to the hegemonic capitalist-socialist power blocks of the post-war period .
for the ‘ third world ’ was invented in the context of the 1955 bandung conference , on the model of the french revolution 's ‘ third estate ’ , and incorporating equally revolutionary ideals of providing a radical [other option] to the hegemonic capitalist-socialist power blocks of the post-war period .

The Third World as a term needs to retrieve this lost positive sense — even if today the political order has changed so that to some extent the various forms of Islamic fundamentalism have taken over the role of providing a direct alternative to First and Second World ideologies .
the third world as a term needs to retrieve this lost positive sense — even if today the political order has changed so that to some extent the various forms of islamic fundamentalism have taken over the role of providing a direct [other option] to first and second world ideologies .

The terms of this argument repeat exactly those of the critical debate about univocal meaning , according to which the only alternative to the idea that history has a single meaning must be that it has none at all .
the terms of this argument repeat exactly those of the critical debate about univocal meaning , according to which the only [other option] to the idea that history has a single meaning must be that it has none at all .

One alternative would be that history may be made up of the multiple meanings of specific , particular histories — without their necessarily being in turn part of a larger meaning of an underlying Idea or force .
one [other option] would be that history may be made up of the multiple meanings of specific , particular histories — without their necessarily being in turn part of a larger meaning of an underlying idea or force .

The second alternative poses a serious problem , however , insofar as it leads to the further question , how could such Marxism not be true — in the sense of how could History , in the objective processes on which a scientific Marxism places so much faith , be undialectical enough to produce Stalinism from the October Revolution ?
the second [other option] poses a serious problem , however , insofar as it leads to the further question , how could such marxism not be true — in the sense of how could history , in the objective processes on which a scientific marxism places so much faith , be undialectical enough to produce stalinism from the october revolution ?

Foucault works from exactly the same tradition in the philosophy and history of science as Althusser : like him he utilizes Bachelard 's concept of differentiated histories , which still stands as the major alternative , epistemic or otherwise , to historicism .
foucault works from exactly the same tradition in the philosophy and history of science as althusser : like him he utilizes bachelard 's concept of differentiated histories , which still stands as the major [other option] , epistemic or otherwise , to historicism .

Foucault thus does not merely set up an alternative history , but contends that that alternative is part of a displacement that is in the process of replacing the history that preceded it .
foucault thus does not merely set up an [other option] history , but contends that that [other option] is part of a displacement that is in the process of replacing the history that preceded it .

In this case it becomes less a matter of addressing contemporary political problems than of resisting institutional power , namely those critical readings which have recently claimed cultural hegemony , and of providing instead alternative accounts which insist on heterogeneity and resistance in historical texts .
in this case it becomes less a matter of addressing contemporary political problems than of resisting institutional power , namely those critical readings which have recently claimed cultural hegemony , and of providing instead [other option] accounts which insist on heterogeneity and resistance in historical texts .

However , this seemed to be more a short term way of preserving individual pride rather than a long term alternative : ultimately they wanted to enter mainstream society , have a job and ‘ settle down ’ .
however , this seemed to be more a short term way of preserving individual pride rather than a long term [other option] : ultimately they wanted to enter mainstream society , have a job and ‘ settle down ’ .

The building of a porter 's lodge and closure of alternative exits from the grounds .
the building of a porter 's lodge and closure of [other option] exits from the grounds .

We are clear that it should not be used as a punishment or as a deterrent , and we think that there should always be an alternative task available for men for whom stone-breaking is unsuitable .
we are clear that it should not be used as a punishment or as a deterrent , and we think that there should always be an [other option] task available for men for whom stone-breaking is unsuitable .

This alternative model moves away from the conventional idea of a child with learning difficulties to one which recognises and builds on the child 's learning achievements .
this [other option] model moves away from the conventional idea of a child with learning difficulties to one which recognises and builds on the child 's learning achievements .

The theme of our remarks on the severely disaffected and disruptive is this : First , seek to integrate and , when that fails , find a positive alternative .
the theme of our remarks on the severely disaffected and disruptive is this : first , seek to integrate and , when that fails , find a positive [other option] .

Thought it unreasonable to provide alternative strategies
thought it unreasonable to provide [other option] strategies

Some feminist psychologists criticize the egalitarian approach for providing a response , not an alternative , to traditional psychology .
some feminist psychologists criticize the egalitarian approach for providing a response , not an [other option] , to traditional psychology .

Feminist co-options of ‘ alternative ’ humanist or ethogenic methods rarely question the implicit concern with scientificity which survives in these methods , either .
feminist co-options of ‘ [other option] ’ humanist or ethogenic methods rarely question the implicit concern with scientificity which survives in these methods , either .

They propose alternative lifestyles , ‘ the diffusion of the childbearing and childrearing role to the society as a whole , men as well as women ’ ( Firestone 197 1 : 233 ) , as ways to produce differently gendered subjectivities .
they propose [other option] lifestyles , ‘ the diffusion of the childbearing and childrearing role to the society as a whole , men as well as women ’ ( firestone 197 1 : 233 ) , as ways to produce differently gendered subjectivities .

But the linear structure of her stage sequence does not present an alternative to the structure of Kohlberg 's theory : it merely parallels it .
but the linear structure of her stage sequence does not present an [other option] to the structure of kohlberg 's theory : it merely parallels it .

What about self-styled alternative psychological theory ?
what about self-styled [other option] psychological theory ?

Woman-centred psychology like Miller 's Towards a New Psychology of Women ( 1976 ) tries to take both woman-centred feminism and egalitarian feminist psychology further , by creating an alternative , female-specific psychology .
woman-centred psychology like miller 's towards a new psychology of women ( 1976 ) tries to take both woman-centred feminism and egalitarian feminist psychology further , by creating an [other option] , female-specific psychology .

think feminism has to provide a unified , positive alternative for all women , in order for them to be able not only to know about but to reject and try to escape subordination ( 1979 : 129 ) .
think feminism has to provide a unified , positive [other option] for all women , in order for them to be able not only to know about but to reject and try to escape subordination ( 1979 : 129 ) .

Urwin , for example , tries to develop an alternative to individual-centred , gender-indifferent psychology of language development .
urwin , for example , tries to develop an [other option] to individual-centred , gender-indifferent psychology of language development .

Although he did n't trust people outside the department , this time he knew he had no alternative .
although he did n't trust people outside the department , this time he knew he had no [other option] .

As Duncan had already decided not to leave the policeman to his own devices , he had no alternative but to join him on the next available flight to Tobolsk .
as duncan had already decided not to leave the policeman to his own devices , he had no [other option] but to join him on the next available flight to tobolsk .

An alternative method of budding .
an [other option] method of budding .

5–6 , ethnomethodology was originally presented , in the 1960s , as a radical alternative and challenge to conventional sociology .
5–6 , ethnomethodology was originally presented , in the 1960s , as a radical [other option] and challenge to conventional sociology .

‘ Because it 's the cheapest private alternative in Woodborough . ’
‘ because it 's the cheapest private [other option] in woodborough . ’

There is room for a struggle over meaning and , more significantly , there is also the possibility of developing ‘ counter hegemonic projects ’ , that is , for alternative and subordinate views to gain dominance .
there is room for a struggle over meaning and , more significantly , there is also the possibility of developing ‘ counter hegemonic projects ’ , that is , for [other option] and subordinate views to gain dominance .

The fundamental aim of broadcasting policy , according to Brittan/Peacock , is to enlarge ‘ the freedom of choice of the consumer and the opportunities to programme makers to offer alternative wares to the public ’ .
the fundamental aim of broadcasting policy , according to brittan/peacock , is to enlarge ‘ the freedom of choice of the consumer and the opportunities to programme makers to offer [other option] wares to the public ’ .

Authors of such reforms believe that greater diversity could be achieved by imposing restrictions on rules of ownership , by imposing levies on advertising revenue so as to create a pool of funds for alternative publications , and generally by controlling free-market forces .
authors of such reforms believe that greater diversity could be achieved by imposing restrictions on rules of ownership , by imposing levies on advertising revenue so as to create a pool of funds for [other option] publications , and generally by controlling free-market forces .

This is certainly a very plausible alternative explanation for the demise of the Daily Herald .
this is certainly a very plausible [other option] explanation for the demise of the daily herald .

Second , the old-boy network offered a time-honoured alternative to advertising , particularly for the most senior appointments .
second , the old-boy network offered a time-honoured [other option] to advertising , particularly for the most senior appointments .

Yet the firm recovered and continued to grow , generally due to a high level of repeat business and its role as an alternative to the large international search firms in shoot-outs for European-based assignments .
yet the firm recovered and continued to grow , generally due to a high level of repeat business and its role as an [other option] to the large international search firms in shoot-outs for european-based assignments .

The emergence of more professional search consultants coincided with the increased need for headhunting services to help rationalisation and reorganisation ; but arguably as the search industry was maturing , headhunting could attract better-qualified candidates , and as their earnings rose and headhunting became more profitable , executive search was increasingly being seen as a viable alternative to a line-management job .
the emergence of more professional search consultants coincided with the increased need for headhunting services to help rationalisation and reorganisation ; but arguably as the search industry was maturing , headhunting could attract better-qualified candidates , and as their earnings rose and headhunting became more profitable , executive search was increasingly being seen as a viable [other option] to a line-management job .

Scientists face a constant struggle to segregate themselves from the inducements offered by governments , pressure groups and publishers , all of which may provide alternative sources of funding and prestige to those of their colleagues .
scientists face a constant struggle to segregate themselves from the inducements offered by governments , pressure groups and publishers , all of which may provide [other option] sources of funding and prestige to those of their colleagues .

He substitutes an alternative , indeed a radical alternative , but he does not transcend the debate .
he substitutes an [other option] , indeed a radical [other option] , but he does not transcend the debate .

His analysis reinforces the notion that there really ‘ are ’ professions , and by claiming the mantle of radicalism for a perspective which emphasises professional control over the client inhibits the development of an adequately theorised alternative to the conventional view .
his analysis reinforces the notion that there really ‘ are ’ professions , and by claiming the mantle of radicalism for a perspective which emphasises professional control over the client inhibits the development of an adequately theorised [other option] to the conventional view .

Radicalism can and should offer an alternative formulation which is positive , which makes it possible not just to see that one 's previous knowledge was incorrect but also to understand more about the world .
radicalism can and should offer an [other option] formulation which is positive , which makes it possible not just to see that one 's previous knowledge was incorrect but also to understand more about the world .

Such an alternative formulation can not be achieved without an examination of the various concrete practices of people doing jobs .
such an [other option] formulation can not be achieved without an examination of the various concrete practices of people doing jobs .

An approach to the material world — research — can yield both a theoretical alternative and a concrete rebuttal .
an approach to the material world — research — can yield both a theoretical [other option] and a concrete rebuttal .

While the domination of the criminal market was well known within the profession nothing was done for two main reasons : first , solicitors were making a handsome living and were under no pressure to find or create alternative sources of income : and second , there appeared to be no way in which these cartels could be broken by ethical means :
while the domination of the criminal market was well known within the profession nothing was done for two main reasons : first , solicitors were making a handsome living and were under no pressure to find or create [other option] sources of income : and second , there appeared to be no way in which these cartels could be broken by ethical means :

Private practitioners recognised that there might come a time when alternative sources of income would be required to replace or supplement the high-return , conveyancing market .
private practitioners recognised that there might come a time when [other option] sources of income would be required to replace or supplement the high-return , conveyancing market .

These factors , coupled with the abolition of scale charges for conveyancing , caused the lawyers to cast around for alternative sources of income .
these factors , coupled with the abolition of scale charges for conveyancing , caused the lawyers to cast around for [other option] sources of income .

Even if it is n't true , James 's position was an excellent stimulus for research as it forced people who would adopt an alternative position to consider very carefully how else emotions might come about .
even if it is n't true , james 's position was an excellent stimulus for research as it forced people who would adopt an [other option] position to consider very carefully how else emotions might come about .

As an alternative , Cannon proposed a centralist theory in which emotion was seen as the result of activating specific mechanisms in the central nervous system .
as an [other option] , cannon proposed a centralist theory in which emotion was seen as the result of activating specific mechanisms in the central nervous system .

This stripe , which gives rise to the alternative name for this area , the striate cortex , is visible to the naked eye in sections of the human brain .
this stripe , which gives rise to the [other option] name for this area , the striate cortex , is visible to the naked eye in sections of the human brain .

An alternative to the grandmother cell theory is network theory .
an [other option] to the grandmother cell theory is network theory .

And if the weather does turn nasty there 's always a low level alternative .
and if the weather does turn nasty there 's always a low level [other option] .

However a good alternative to the road is along an interesting series of paths and tracks .
however a good [other option] to the road is along an interesting series of paths and tracks .

There is an alternative route which is longer and involves slightly more climbing , but it stays at a lower level , never rising higher than 1,600ft .
there is an [other option] route which is longer and involves slightly more climbing , but it stays at a lower level , never rising higher than 1,600ft .

They are bypassed by alternative paths .
they are bypassed by [other option] paths .

The other Edinburgh alternative for buying gear was the prestigious Jenners shop which was too expensive for most hill gangrels .
the other edinburgh [other option] for buying gear was the prestigious jenners shop which was too expensive for most hill gangrels .

The crumbling of Turkish rule produced no alternative which seemed likely to guarantee the security of the canal and the good management of the Egyptian debt .
the crumbling of turkish rule produced no [other option] which seemed likely to guarantee the security of the canal and the good management of the egyptian debt .

The residues of this débâcle survive today in the regime 's mistrust of its people , its dread of weakness , and its determination that an alternative ideology be given no chance to emerge in the country .
the residues of this débâcle survive today in the regime 's mistrust of its people , its dread of weakness , and its determination that an [other option] ideology be given no chance to emerge in the country .

An alternative is that the pipes were carried across the valleys from higher ground on the far side by means of high ( and now completely vanished ) aqueducts .
an [other option] is that the pipes were carried across the valleys from higher ground on the far side by means of high ( and now completely vanished ) aqueducts .

There is one tablet from Knossos which lists several deities including Potnia and Enualios , a name which later was used as an alternative to Ares , the Greek war-god ; it also has the first part of Poseidon 's name , ‘ po-se-da- ’ , but the end is broken off .
there is one tablet from knossos which lists several deities including potnia and enualios , a name which later was used as an [other option] to ares , the greek war-god ; it also has the first part of poseidon 's name , ‘ po-se-da- ’ , but the end is broken off .

Nevertheless , it has become established as the only real alternative for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single vendor solutions .
nevertheless , it has become established as the only real [other option] for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single vendor solutions .

Empirical evidence against my point might arise if there was significant support for the claims now made by some surgeons that a patient after such an accident can both will , and have conscious access to , the process of nerve regrowth ( as an alternative to the sort of superficial retraining of behaviour described above ) .
empirical evidence against my point might arise if there was significant support for the claims now made by some surgeons that a patient after such an accident can both will , and have conscious access to , the process of nerve regrowth ( as an [other option] to the sort of superficial retraining of behaviour described above ) .

How does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( Unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) Given that it has never heard of Snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? Or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? How does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? And , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?
how does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) given that it has never heard of snell 's law , does it have to go through some [other option] process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? how does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? and , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?

The special difficulty is not how to choose between several alternative computational accounts , once we have got them , but how to arrive even at one in the first place .
the special difficulty is not how to choose between several [other option] computational accounts , once we have got them , but how to arrive even at one in the first place .

For example , it has been found that some striking perceptual differences in viewing a wire-frame cube ( including , for example , the ease with which certain mental images can be formed of it ) depend on which alternative structural description of the object is assigned to it by the perceiver ( Hinton 1979 ) .
for example , it has been found that some striking perceptual differences in viewing a wire-frame cube ( including , for example , the ease with which certain mental images can be formed of it ) depend on which [other option] structural description of the object is assigned to it by the perceiver ( hinton 1979 ) .

But such an argument implicitly rules out an important alternative ; for it discounts the idea that the attempt to give an a priori defence of individualism may be mistaken .
but such an argument implicitly rules out an important [other option] ; for it discounts the idea that the attempt to give an a priori defence of individualism may be mistaken .

It is usually interpreted as a critique of classical economy , combined with an alternative suggestion about how economic phenomena can be understood .
it is usually interpreted as a critique of classical economy , combined with an [other option] suggestion about how economic phenomena can be understood .

Although this is by any standards a grotesquely over-simplified account of hundreds of pages , it brings out the attitude which Althusser contests — the idea that Marx 's theory of political economy is just an alternative to the classical one , in that crucial experiments can be devised to adjudicate between them .
although this is by any standards a grotesquely over-simplified account of hundreds of pages , it brings out the attitude which althusser contests — the idea that marx 's theory of political economy is just an [other option] to the classical one , in that crucial experiments can be devised to adjudicate between them .

But he does not adopt this alternative , and his criticism of needs is in fact part of a much more fundamental attack on classical economics .
but he does not adopt this [other option] , and his criticism of needs is in fact part of a much more fundamental attack on classical economics .

He might perhaps attribute the incompleteness of his account to the fact that he is a ‘ bourgeois ’ subject , who can only glimpse an alternative view ofthe individual ; but this defence is still a problem , for even a glimpse suggests that the ISAs of the capitalist totality may be more or less effective , and this variation will have to be explained .
he might perhaps attribute the incompleteness of his account to the fact that he is a ‘ bourgeois ’ subject , who can only glimpse an [other option] view ofthe individual ; but this defence is still a problem , for even a glimpse suggests that the isas of the capitalist totality may be more or less effective , and this variation will have to be explained .

But Poulantzas argues that this interpretation is a mistake because the policy actually serves the interests of monopolies better than any available alternative , and is thus in line with their strategy .
but poulantzas argues that this interpretation is a mistake because the policy actually serves the interests of monopolies better than any available [other option] , and is thus in line with their strategy .

But , in offering no positive alternative account , he had left the means whereby new species originate quite mysterious if not miraculous .
but , in offering no positive [other option] account , he had left the means whereby new species originate quite mysterious if not miraculous .

Where this is impossible , an alternative approach is to concentrate on studies of variation in breeding success within cohorts but , even here , problems will arise if breeding success is consistently related to longevity .
where this is impossible , an [other option] approach is to concentrate on studies of variation in breeding success within cohorts but , even here , problems will arise if breeding success is consistently related to longevity .

It follows that alternative explanations do not have to be mutually exclusive .
it follows that [other option] explanations do not have to be mutually exclusive .

If a biologically grounded disposition showed up simply in the form of what human beings could not or would not do , then there would be no real problem of alternative behaviours .
if a biologically grounded disposition showed up simply in the form of what human beings could not or would not do , then there would be no real problem of [other option] behaviours .

Jaq had spied no absconders from the devastated city , the alternative to which was hardly inviting …
jaq had spied no absconders from the devastated city , the [other option] to which was hardly inviting …

That only perhaps left him one alternative — an ultimate alternative which no-one , not even Carnelian , could reasonably expect him to invoke , let alone soon …
that only perhaps left him one [other option] — an ultimate [other option] which no-one , not even carnelian , could reasonably expect him to invoke , let alone soon …

The name of that alternative was exterminatus .
the name of that [other option] was exterminatus .

As Walker points out , it smacks of question-begging to translate animal gestures directly into words ; but there is no alternative .
as walker points out , it smacks of question-begging to translate animal gestures directly into words ; but there is no [other option] .

So Regan , anxious for an alternative theoretical platform from which to put into orbit his conviction that the immediate and absolute prohibition of all exploitation of animals is imperative , proposes his theory of ‘ inherent value ’ to serve the purpose .
so regan , anxious for an [other option] theoretical platform from which to put into orbit his conviction that the immediate and absolute prohibition of all exploitation of animals is imperative , proposes his theory of ‘ inherent value ’ to serve the purpose .

The alternative is that the dog , like the children , has the capability of becoming aware of the misery of its present existence , although it may never in fact do so .
the [other option] is that the dog , like the children , has the capability of becoming aware of the misery of its present existence , although it may never in fact do so .

Unix ‘ the only real alternative ’
unix ‘ the only real [other option] ’

The first pitch used to employ a point of aid to cross the overhang , but an alternative way round this was found and gives good jug pulling to the belay .
the first pitch used to employ a point of aid to cross the overhang , but an [other option] way round this was found and gives good jug pulling to the belay .

An alternative , and just as shapely , rough and rocky peak to ascend , its Pike o'Blisco ( 705m ) on the hillside opposite .
an [other option] , and just as shapely , rough and rocky peak to ascend , its pike o'blisco ( 705m ) on the hillside opposite .

Apart from a string of excellent new routes there have been a number of alternative activities taking place on southern sandstone .
apart from a string of excellent new routes there have been a number of [other option] activities taking place on southern sandstone .

As each landing became more hazardous , authorities eventually had no alternative but to declare the field completely unserviceable .
as each landing became more hazardous , authorities eventually had no [other option] but to declare the field completely unserviceable .

This alternative was also deemed impossible in the limited time available .
this [other option] was also deemed impossible in the limited time available .

It is proposed that hypertext systems go some way towards providing students with alternative structures for organizing their knowledge of electronic publishing .
it is proposed that hypertext systems go some way towards providing students with [other option] structures for organizing their knowledge of electronic publishing .

There are a number of alternative routes to specialization :
there are a number of [other option] routes to specialization :

The first alternative fails to exploit the interdisciplinary nature of the subject .
the first [other option] fails to exploit the interdisciplinary nature of the subject .

The more that generalities across the curricula are emphasized , the closer this alternative comes to being a generic curriculum .
the more that generalities across the curricula are emphasized , the closer this [other option] comes to being a generic curriculum .

This medium is ideal for encouraging students to pursue similarities between apparently discrete topics , and consequently to appreciate alternative ways of organizing information .
this medium is ideal for encouraging students to pursue similarities between apparently discrete topics , and consequently to appreciate [other option] ways of organizing information .

An alternative approach is , of course , for students to use electronic mail to submit their work , and this may be the only option if the course involves distance learning .
an [other option] approach is , of course , for students to use electronic mail to submit their work , and this may be the only option if the course involves distance learning .

One of behaviours they want to decrease and the other of alternative behaviours that need to increase .
one of behaviours they want to decrease and the other of [other option] behaviours that need to increase .

Such attitudes are often very difficult to shift and the therapist who forces an alternative view of management is doomed to failure .
such attitudes are often very difficult to shift and the therapist who forces an [other option] view of management is doomed to failure .

Aggressive and destructive children usually can not be contained purely by the ignoring and rewarding methods described in the previous chapter , so parents need to learn alternative management methods that will enable them to gain rapid and effective control .
aggressive and destructive children usually can not be contained purely by the ignoring and rewarding methods described in the previous chapter , so parents need to learn [other option] management methods that will enable them to gain rapid and effective control .

As an alternative to bandage-type insulation , you can use lengths of plastic foam pipe insulation . This is flexible enough to follow curves , and it comes split along the length so it can be wrapped around a pipe
as an [other option] to bandage-type insulation , you can use lengths of plastic foam pipe insulation . this is flexible enough to follow curves , and it comes split along the length so it can be wrapped around a pipe

In the middle , they can offer a non-permanent alternative to dado rails , providing a separation for one or two different wallcoverings , or a useful way of relieving small patterns .
in the middle , they can offer a non-permanent [other option] to dado rails , providing a separation for one or two different wallcoverings , or a useful way of relieving small patterns .

Their publications soon sold out , providing an alternative to the state-run media .
their publications soon sold out , providing an [other option] to the state-run media .

Response competition can be used to define an alternative behaviour .
response competition can be used to define an [other option] behaviour .

The alternative view is that an understanding of how normally developing children learn language is essential , first , in order to understand why a child is experiencing difficulty and , second , to provide insights into the best and most effective strategies for remedial intervention .
the [other option] view is that an understanding of how normally developing children learn language is essential , first , in order to understand why a child is experiencing difficulty and , second , to provide insights into the best and most effective strategies for remedial intervention .

An alternative approach is to seek a better understanding of the developmental processes which seem to be at work by studying young children as they involve themselves in getting to know the language .
an [other option] approach is to seek a better understanding of the developmental processes which seem to be at work by studying young children as they involve themselves in getting to know the language .

One reason why these two interpretations are commonplace is that , until recently , there has been no clearly articulated theoretical position which offered a viable alternative .
one reason why these two interpretations are commonplace is that , until recently , there has been no clearly articulated theoretical position which offered a viable [other option] .

An alternative is to try and utilise the participating adults as observers who might subsequently be able to provide sufficient contextual detail to support interpretations of the transcribed speech .
an [other option] is to try and utilise the participating adults as observers who might subsequently be able to provide sufficient contextual detail to support interpretations of the transcribed speech .

An alternative approach to measuring content validity involves the use of correlational procedures to determine the extent to which performance on each item is associated with the overall test score .
an [other option] approach to measuring content validity involves the use of correlational procedures to determine the extent to which performance on each item is associated with the overall test score .

An alternative to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime subsequently .
an [other option] to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime subsequently .

Textured bob-length hair with full fringe is smoothed out into a chic wrap as an alternative .
textured bob-length hair with full fringe is smoothed out into a chic wrap as an [other option] .

Natural fruit juices are a healthier alternative to fruit squashes and fizzy drinks .
natural fruit juices are a healthier [other option] to fruit squashes and fizzy drinks .

Alex styled Louisa 's smooth , sleek bob into three alternative looks , each emphasising the fact that she really does have the most beautiful hair in the world .
alex styled louisa 's smooth , sleek bob into three [other option] looks , each emphasising the fact that she really does have the most beautiful hair in the world .

As an alternative , alcohol-free Herbal Styling Mousse was used to add fullness , volume and body .
as an [other option] , alcohol-free herbal styling mousse was used to add fullness , volume and body .

He attempted to find an alternative grounding for the project in a theory of mind because without it he argued that the ‘ postulational scepticism ’ of Grunwald and others was an effective criticism .
he attempted to find an [other option] grounding for the project in a theory of mind because without it he argued that the ‘ postulational scepticism ’ of grunwald and others was an effective criticism .

But the problem then lies in Marx and Engels ' implication that there is an epistemological alternative in materialism or science .
but the problem then lies in marx and engels ' implication that there is an epistemological [other option] in materialism or science .

If you do n't have the colour changer , or this accessory is not on your financial agenda at present , purchasing additional yarn masts is a less expensive alternative .
if you do n't have the colour changer , or this accessory is not on your financial agenda at present , purchasing additional yarn masts is a less expensive [other option] .

Handfeeding is the alternative and is very easy .
handfeeding is the [other option] and is very easy .

Imaginative writings , whether poetry , fiction or plays , create another place for the reader to inhabit , offer an alternative world which may challenge the real one .
imaginative writings , whether poetry , fiction or plays , create another place for the reader to inhabit , offer an [other option] world which may challenge the real one .

Different verbs offer alternative meanings in each of these sentences .
different verbs offer [other option] meanings in each of these sentences .

On that level , it 's an enjoyable show , an appropriate alternative to the futuristic spectacles promoting technological confidence which usually feature at Expos and world fairs .
on that level , it 's an enjoyable show , an appropriate [other option] to the futuristic spectacles promoting technological confidence which usually feature at expos and world fairs .

The only rule in componential analysis is that every opposition must be classified by plus or minus values on a single dimension ; [ +/ ; — female ] would be equally valid , and the fact that the analysts chose the other alternative doubtless reflects their ( predictable ) perception that men are the norm of humanity .
the only rule in componential analysis is that every opposition must be classified by plus or minus values on a single dimension ; [ +/ ; — female ] would be equally valid , and the fact that the analysts chose the other [other option] doubtless reflects their ( predictable ) perception that men are the norm of humanity .

These faults can be cured by a determined reformer who ( a ) draws people 's attention to the offending forms , explaining why they offend , and then ( b ) suggests an alternative form that people can use instead .
these faults can be cured by a determined reformer who ( a ) draws people 's attention to the offending forms , explaining why they offend , and then ( b ) suggests an [other option] form that people can use instead .

Dale Spender , for example , is a well-known representative of the alternative idea that language is a cause of oppression , and not just a symptom of it .
dale spender , for example , is a well-known representative of the [other option] idea that language is a cause of oppression , and not just a symptom of it .

Recognising this , some feminists have used the alternative strategy of deliberately playing with words rather than attempting straightforwardly to redefine them .
recognising this , some feminists have used the [other option] strategy of deliberately playing with words rather than attempting straightforwardly to redefine them .

The alternative meanings and the linguistic creativity our culture represses can not be suppressed altogether ; and if feminists choose to uncover these submerged elements of language , that is a form of resistance to the status quo .
the [other option] meanings and the linguistic creativity our culture represses can not be suppressed altogether ; and if feminists choose to uncover these submerged elements of language , that is a form of resistance to the status quo .

As feminists resist sexist language , so many speakers have resisted the alternative .
as feminists resist sexist language , so many speakers have resisted the [other option] .

In the few tubes in which this had occurred there was no alternative but to sever the head stud .
in the few tubes in which this had occurred there was no [other option] but to sever the head stud .

The alternative Falconet launch method , from a fixed stand using rocket motors ( Zero-Length Launch ) has the advantage of mobility but is many times more expensive per launch .
the [other option] falconet launch method , from a fixed stand using rocket motors ( zero-length launch ) has the advantage of mobility but is many times more expensive per launch .

This is a basic 1 × 1 tuck on the back bed , with alternative needles tucking and knitting in every row .
this is a basic 1 × 1 tuck on the back bed , with [other option] needles tucking and knitting in every row .

choosing among alternative ways of providing care , anticipating what could go wrong and juggling resources in emergencies ;
choosing among [other option] ways of providing care , anticipating what could go wrong and juggling resources in emergencies ;

Alternative types of direct social work are examined in which a framework is offered for the worker to plan the interaction .
[other option] types of direct social work are examined in which a framework is offered for the worker to plan the interaction .

Qureshi and Walker ( 1986 , p. 115 ) in a survey of people over 75 , and their carers found that caring could be a difficult experience for both parties : the lack of alternative resources drove people together , imposing dependency .
qureshi and walker ( 1986 , p. 115 ) in a survey of people over 75 , and their carers found that caring could be a difficult experience for both parties : the lack of [other option] resources drove people together , imposing dependency .

The alternative approach to competition policy involves the government trying to influence the structure of the market in which the firm is operating — in other words , creating an environment in which a competitive structure , rather than a monopolistic or oligopolistic one , is more likely to exist .
the [other option] approach to competition policy involves the government trying to influence the structure of the market in which the firm is operating — in other words , creating an environment in which a competitive structure , rather than a monopolistic or oligopolistic one , is more likely to exist .

The alternative view is that merger policy , far from being too lax , is too tight and that companies should be encouraged to merge in order to be able to face foreign competition .
the [other option] view is that merger policy , far from being too lax , is too tight and that companies should be encouraged to merge in order to be able to face foreign competition .

( Although there is usually a cash offer for the shares of the company being taken over , a share alternative is generally on offer .
( although there is usually a cash offer for the shares of the company being taken over , a share [other option] is generally on offer .

In a further attempt to restrict the role of local authorities in housing , council house tenants were given the right to switch to an alternative landlord — either in the form of a housing association or an approved private sector landlord — in other words , they were allowed to opt out of local authority control .
in a further attempt to restrict the role of local authorities in housing , council house tenants were given the right to switch to an [other option] landlord — either in the form of a housing association or an approved private sector landlord — in other words , they were allowed to opt out of local authority control .

However , as there was no agreement on an alternative , the system survived .
however , as there was no agreement on an [other option] , the system survived .

Various alternative schemes for raising local authority revenue have been proposed and are in operation in other countries .
various [other option] schemes for raising local authority revenue have been proposed and are in operation in other countries .

It comprises a cash alternative worth up to 23p a share and 43p per preference share , but irate shareholders say they would get more money — 46p a share — if the company went into voluntary liquidation .
it comprises a cash [other option] worth up to 23p a share and 43p per preference share , but irate shareholders say they would get more money — 46p a share — if the company went into voluntary liquidation .

Doyle was beginning to fancy himself as a small-time connoisseur of Modern Alternative Art .
doyle was beginning to fancy himself as a small-time connoisseur of modern [other option] art .

With Forest rooted to the bottom of the Premier League , there is increasing speculation that the time is approaching when they will have to start looking for an alternative to Clough 's unique management style .
with forest rooted to the bottom of the premier league , there is increasing speculation that the time is approaching when they will have to start looking for an [other option] to clough 's unique management style .

The Bula Hurdle at Cheltenham on December 12 would be considered as an alternative if Morley Street were to miss Ascot , otherwise he might not be seen out before the Irish Champion Hurdle at Leopardstown on January 31 .
the bula hurdle at cheltenham on december 12 would be considered as an [other option] if morley street were to miss ascot , otherwise he might not be seen out before the irish champion hurdle at leopardstown on january 31 .

Taylor maintains he has mapped out alternative plans should he be forced to go into a game without Gascoigne .
taylor maintains he has mapped out [other option] plans should he be forced to go into a game without gascoigne .

‘ But ours is the only alternative whereby we can hope to get rid of him legally . ’
‘ but ours is the only [other option] whereby we can hope to get rid of him legally . ’

Unfortunately the Docklands Airport did not accept private flights , so Biggin Hill in Kent was the nearest alternative .
unfortunately the docklands airport did not accept private flights , so biggin hill in kent was the nearest [other option] .

And for adventurous night owls — or Mr Hides — the twilight world of zips , belts , buckles and straps offers an outrageous alternative .
and for adventurous night owls — or mr hides — the twilight world of zips , belts , buckles and straps offers an outrageous [other option] .

New concepts , new ideas , new connections are being introduced into the discussion which are presenting the counsellee with alternative pictures of reality .
new concepts , new ideas , new connections are being introduced into the discussion which are presenting the counsellee with [other option] pictures of reality .

Challenging also refers to the need that sometimes arises to confront the counsellees with alternative understandings of the problems they face .
challenging also refers to the need that sometimes arises to confront the counsellees with [other option] understandings of the problems they face .

Decision-making , by considering alternative responses to their social , distress , leading to new forms of social performance .
decision-making , by considering [other option] responses to their social , distress , leading to new forms of social performance .

Sherman ( 1981 ) has developed a useful alternative theory which he called the ‘ Social Breakdown Syndrome ’ , which involves a more comprehensive explanation than those which focus entirely upon individual pathology .
sherman ( 1981 ) has developed a useful [other option] theory which he called the ‘ social breakdown syndrome ’ , which involves a more comprehensive explanation than those which focus entirely upon individual pathology .

Alternative activity is an important factor in successful adaptation to retirement , and whilst counselling does not have a direct role in its provision , it should encourage the individual to seek it .
[other option] activity is an important factor in successful adaptation to retirement , and whilst counselling does not have a direct role in its provision , it should encourage the individual to seek it .

It may be necessary to get the individual to look at alternative ways of approaching and coping with the circumstances of life without work , perhaps trying to ‘ wipe the slate clean ’ and start the process all over again , but with an increased awareness of the problems and difficulties that are involved .
it may be necessary to get the individual to look at [other option] ways of approaching and coping with the circumstances of life without work , perhaps trying to ‘ wipe the slate clean ’ and start the process all over again , but with an increased awareness of the problems and difficulties that are involved .

This has been demonstrated in conventional medical circles in the study of psychosomatic illness and the placebo effect , and in certain alternative medical practices such as faith healing and yoga .
this has been demonstrated in conventional medical circles in the study of psychosomatic illness and the placebo effect , and in certain [other option] medical practices such as faith healing and yoga .

Links with alternative medical practice
links with [other option] medical practice

The counsellor can also suggest the intervention of non-conventional or alternative medical practitioners , especially for those problems for which conventional medicine appears to have little or no answer .
the counsellor can also suggest the intervention of non-conventional or [other option] medical practitioners , especially for those problems for which conventional medicine appears to have little or no answer .

The subject of alternative medical care for older people has been entirely unexplored .
the subject of [other option] medical care for older people has been entirely unexplored .

Given the claims that many alternative therapies make for the treatment of ‘ incurable ’ conditions , many of which are suffered mainly by older people , it is perhaps time for those responsible for the care of older people to investigate the potential of such treatments as homoeopathy , acupuncture , chiropractic , osteopathy , herbalism and many others .
given the claims that many [other option] therapies make for the treatment of ‘ incurable ’ conditions , many of which are suffered mainly by older people , it is perhaps time for those responsible for the care of older people to investigate the potential of such treatments as homoeopathy , acupuncture , chiropractic , osteopathy , herbalism and many others .

and where necessary to find alternative ways of coping with the tasks of life .
and where necessary to find [other option] ways of coping with the tasks of life .

Often , all that is required is for individuals to feel that there is someone willing to be supportive and understanding of their feelings , willing to listen to their problems , and to discuss alternative strategies for coping with their social distress .
often , all that is required is for individuals to feel that there is someone willing to be supportive and understanding of their feelings , willing to listen to their problems , and to discuss [other option] strategies for coping with their social distress .

Thus there was a demand for a cheaper alternative to intra-venous therapy .
thus there was a demand for a cheaper [other option] to intra-venous therapy .

Unfortunately for this complacent view , science seems to indicate that there may be alternative realities — or , as they are often called , alternate universes .
unfortunately for this complacent view , science seems to indicate that there may be [other option] realities — or , as they are often called , alternate universes .

‘ to pass ahead of the foremost part of a stationary vehicle on the same side of the crossing as the approaching vehicle , the stationary vehicle having stopped to accord precedence to a foot passenger ’ This phrase is the alternative offence to point number 6 and means that the offending vehicle or part of it must pass a stationary vehicle as opposed to a moving motor vehicle in point 6 .
‘ to pass ahead of the foremost part of a stationary vehicle on the same side of the crossing as the approaching vehicle , the stationary vehicle having stopped to accord precedence to a foot passenger ’ this phrase is the [other option] offence to point number 6 and means that the offending vehicle or part of it must pass a stationary vehicle as opposed to a moving motor vehicle in point 6 .

This alternative offence can also be proved as at point 5 with the additional observations to the effect ‘ The stationary vehicle had stopped to accord precedence to foot passengers ’ .
this [other option] offence can also be proved as at point 5 with the additional observations to the effect ‘ the stationary vehicle had stopped to accord precedence to foot passengers ’ .

‘ send a message by telephone which was of an indecent ( or an obscene or a menacing ) character or ’ Telephone means the same public system as at the alternative point at 2 ante .
‘ send a message by telephone which was of an indecent ( or an obscene or a menacing ) character or ’ telephone means the same public system as at the [other option] point at 2 ante .

This is an alternative for the title ‘ Son of God ’ .
this is an [other option] for the title ‘ son of god ’ .

Where there is a need to comment on any major alternative offered by Matthew or Luke , either a separate note is given or comments are incorporated in the main discussion of the text .
where there is a need to comment on any major [other option] offered by matthew or luke , either a separate note is given or comments are incorporated in the main discussion of the text .

From July 1916 a system of alternative service was introduced , enabling objectors to choose civilian work under Home Office control instead of going to jail .
from july 1916 a system of [other option] service was introduced , enabling objectors to choose civilian work under home office control instead of going to jail .

When , in 1916 , pacifist thinkers cast around for an alternative power which claimed to represent the universal interests of mankind , their eyes turned to the United States .
when , in 1916 , pacifist thinkers cast around for an [other option] power which claimed to represent the universal interests of mankind , their eyes turned to the united states .

The adoption of the War Aims Memorandum was a key moment in Labour 's emergence as a genuinely independent political party , destined to replace the Liberals as the chief alternative to Conservatism .
the adoption of the war aims memorandum was a key moment in labour 's emergence as a genuinely independent political party , destined to replace the liberals as the chief [other option] to conservatism .

The obvious alternative was for New York to take over from London , but in financial matters , as in military ones , America was not yet prepared to undertake the role of world leadership which Britain could no longer fulfil .
the obvious [other option] was for new york to take over from london , but in financial matters , as in military ones , america was not yet prepared to undertake the role of world leadership which britain could no longer fulfil .

One alternative to ‘ Greggism ’ was for the pure pacifist minority to seek allies elsewhere in politics .
one [other option] to ‘ greggism ’ was for the pure pacifist minority to seek allies elsewhere in politics .

Collective security , which had been understood as an alternative to the diplomacy discredited by the catastrophe of 1914 , became increasingly difficult to distinguish from the traditional pursuit of a balance of power in Europe .
collective security , which had been understood as an [other option] to the diplomacy discredited by the catastrophe of 1914 , became increasingly difficult to distinguish from the traditional pursuit of a balance of power in europe .

In the face of such obstacles , what is surprising is not that the movement for an alternative Government failed .
in the face of such obstacles , what is surprising is not that the movement for an [other option] government failed .

The popular front movement was , however , openly aiming not just to popularize alternative policies , but also to produce a realignment of the parties .
the popular front movement was , however , openly aiming not just to popularize [other option] policies , but also to produce a realignment of the parties .

The point of the alternative foreign policy had always been to prevent war , not to prepare for it .
the point of the [other option] foreign policy had always been to prevent war , not to prepare for it .

If they had , they would have had to provide an alternative explanation of where the surface energy of a newly broken surface came from , but somehow nobody took it very seriously .
if they had , they would have had to provide an [other option] explanation of where the surface energy of a newly broken surface came from , but somehow nobody took it very seriously .

Bad as they were , gelatine glues were better than the alternative , the gums or starch glues which were made by boiling some kind of flour in water .
bad as they were , gelatine glues were better than the [other option] , the gums or starch glues which were made by boiling some kind of flour in water .

this joke is alternative
this joke is [other option]

this Joke is alternative comedians in advertisements
this joke is [other option] comedians in advertisements

this joke is alternative rattling inside your head
this joke is [other option] rattling inside your head

Luckily Lloyds has found an alternative insurer — Pinnacle — for its 250,000 homebuyers , although the policy conditions are more restrictive .
luckily lloyds has found an [other option] insurer — pinnacle — for its 250,000 homebuyers , although the policy conditions are more restrictive .

While the lucky 30 guinea pigs in Bruno 's experiment were sampling his alternative dishes , the other pupils were tucking in to a typical school dinner of beefburger in a bap , sautee potatoes and jacket potato in cheese , or open sandwiches .
while the lucky 30 guinea pigs in bruno 's experiment were sampling his [other option] dishes , the other pupils were tucking in to a typical school dinner of beefburger in a bap , sautee potatoes and jacket potato in cheese , or open sandwiches .

If the Government was seriously concerned with the burning of carbon fuels , we would see investment in alternative methods of energy production and transport .
if the government was seriously concerned with the burning of carbon fuels , we would see investment in [other option] methods of energy production and transport .

It may be that you will find success in alternative or more unorthodox fields .
it may be that you will find success in [other option] or more unorthodox fields .

It 's no wonder you 're turning to us , the brightest alternative .
it 's no wonder you 're turning to us , the brightest [other option] .

It also has some nice original variations on the Christmas theme such as mincemeat crackers made with filo pastry , and pilgrim 's pudding — an American alternative to Christmas pudding .
it also has some nice original variations on the christmas theme such as mincemeat crackers made with filo pastry , and pilgrim 's pudding — an american [other option] to christmas pudding .

His portrayal is the only real entertainment in a right load of old cobblers which has George Corraface as the Genoese explorer who finally gets Queen Isabella ( Rachel Ward ) to stump up the cash which will allow him to seek an alternative route to the spice-rich Indies .
his portrayal is the only real entertainment in a right load of old cobblers which has george corraface as the genoese explorer who finally gets queen isabella ( rachel ward ) to stump up the cash which will allow him to seek an [other option] route to the spice-rich indies .

Like many consumed by a powerful love , he has been searching since not so much for a replacement as an alternative .
like many consumed by a powerful love , he has been searching since not so much for a replacement as an [other option] .

So it has been ever since , with Barnes , a more colourful , controversial and flamboyant alternative , condemned to a state of permanent reserve as Andrew 's safe hands and feet unfalteringly served his country .
so it has been ever since , with barnes , a more colourful , controversial and flamboyant [other option] , condemned to a state of permanent reserve as andrew 's safe hands and feet unfalteringly served his country .

‘ The alternative of being an economics teacher in Liverpool does n't equate with being the manager of a Premier League club .
‘ the [other option] of being an economics teacher in liverpool does n't equate with being the manager of a premier league club .

But Kiwi cricket chief Peter McDermott is prepared to play host to England as an alternative to Gooch 's men spending the complete winter unemployed .
but kiwi cricket chief peter mcdermott is prepared to play host to england as an [other option] to gooch 's men spending the complete winter unemployed .

Forever anxious not to offend another cricketing nation , the Test and County Cricket Board will try until the last possible moment , before Graham Gooch 's players are due to depart on December 28 , to save the trip , even though New Zealand has offered a peaceful alternative .
forever anxious not to offend another cricketing nation , the test and county cricket board will try until the last possible moment , before graham gooch 's players are due to depart on december 28 , to save the trip , even though new zealand has offered a peaceful [other option] .

The more extreme alternative facing the panel is to match , or beat , the nine-game ban and £3,000 fine given to another Arsenal player , Paul Davis , in 1988 .
the more extreme [other option] facing the panel is to match , or beat , the nine-game ban and £3,000 fine given to another arsenal player , paul davis , in 1988 .

Alternative assessments
[other option] assessments

It has been held that where more than one assessment was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly alternative assessments , they were not void .
it has been held that where more than one assessment was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly [other option] assessments , they were not void .

However , the Inland Revenue could seek to recover the tax due by summary judgment under only one of the alternative assessments ( p 108 ) .
however , the inland revenue could seek to recover the tax due by summary judgment under only one of the [other option] assessments ( p 108 ) .

It did n't come back with a refusal and allow us to discuss alternative ways of achieving our objective .
it did n't come back with a refusal and allow us to discuss [other option] ways of achieving our objective .

It is difficult at the best of times to persuade consumers to try a new product , but when it is more expensive than rump steak the problem is exacerbated , particularly when one of the undeniable attractions of vegetarianism is that it is such a cheap alternative to eating meat .
it is difficult at the best of times to persuade consumers to try a new product , but when it is more expensive than rump steak the problem is exacerbated , particularly when one of the undeniable attractions of vegetarianism is that it is such a cheap [other option] to eating meat .

It is difficult to persuade consumers to try a new product , but when it is more expensive than rump steak the problem is exacerbated , particularly when one of the attractions of vegetarianism is that it is such a cheap alternative to meat
it is difficult to persuade consumers to try a new product , but when it is more expensive than rump steak the problem is exacerbated , particularly when one of the attractions of vegetarianism is that it is such a cheap [other option] to meat

Its positioning accuracy alone ( + or -1mm ) has much to recommend it over the human alternative .
its positioning accuracy alone ( + or -1mm ) has much to recommend it over the human [other option] .

The bonds , which offer a fixed rate return for a stated period subject generally to some conditions , have been marketed by some sales agents as an alternative to building society deposit accounts .
the bonds , which offer a fixed rate return for a stated period subject generally to some conditions , have been marketed by some sales agents as an [other option] to building society deposit accounts .

The taxpayer , however , contended that , on a literal reading , its meaning was clear and unambiguous and accordingly there was no alternative but to give effect to the express statutory language .
the taxpayer , however , contended that , on a literal reading , its meaning was clear and unambiguous and accordingly there was no [other option] but to give effect to the express statutory language .

Where more than one assessment was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly alternative assessments , they were not void .
where more than one assessment was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly [other option] assessments , they were not void .

However , the Inland Revenue could seek to recover the tax due by summary judgment under only one of the alternative assessments , since to do otherwise would be vexatious .
however , the inland revenue could seek to recover the tax due by summary judgment under only one of the [other option] assessments , since to do otherwise would be vexatious .

When the assessments became final , they could not lose their character as alternative assessments and the Crown had to elect to enforce one .
when the assessments became final , they could not lose their character as [other option] assessments and the crown had to elect to enforce one .

Once the alternative assessments ceased to be enforceable , the taxpayer became liable to the tax assessed , and this was not capable of any serious challenge .
once the [other option] assessments ceased to be enforceable , the taxpayer became liable to the tax assessed , and this was not capable of any serious challenge .

The opposite view is expressed by Arthur Andersen , which would like to see the supervisory function of NEDs spelled out and encouragement given to experimentation with alternative forms of corporate governance , including two-tier boards .
the opposite view is expressed by arthur andersen , which would like to see the supervisory function of neds spelled out and encouragement given to experimentation with [other option] forms of corporate governance , including two-tier boards .

However , his search for alternative employment has so far met with no success .
however , his search for [other option] employment has so far met with no success .

We have advised them that it would be better to move to alternative , smaller premises , because :
we have advised them that it would be better to move to [other option] , smaller premises , because :

the market circumstances are such that there are a number of alternative buildings in the locality that could suit their company ;
the market circumstances are such that there are a number of [other option] buildings in the locality that could suit their company ;

In any event , whether your company is considering sub-letting or moving , it is advisable to secure an independent view of the alternative options .
in any event , whether your company is considering sub-letting or moving , it is advisable to secure an independent view of the [other option] options .

Little attention has been paid to alternative presentational formats , such as graphs .
little attention has been paid to [other option] presentational formats , such as graphs .

It gives guidance on the identification , measurement and prioritisation of business risks , alternative processes and procedures , documentation and communication , and implementation and testing .
it gives guidance on the identification , measurement and prioritisation of business risks , [other option] processes and procedures , documentation and communication , and implementation and testing .

The allowed ( but not to be encouraged ) alternative treatment permits the correction of the fundamental error or the adjustment resulting from the change in accounting policy to be included in the determination of net profit or loss for the current period .
the allowed ( but not to be encouraged ) [other option] treatment permits the correction of the fundamental error or the adjustment resulting from the change in accounting policy to be included in the determination of net profit or loss for the current period .

If this area is not available an alternative pavilion is specially set apart to the south or north of the temple , the stone or wood being placed in the centre of this structure and worshipped with flowers and various other offerings .
if this area is not available an [other option] pavilion is specially set apart to the south or north of the temple , the stone or wood being placed in the centre of this structure and worshipped with flowers and various other offerings .

The mind shifts from one alternative to the other , becoming more entangled in the net of its own thoughts as it does so .
the mind shifts from one [other option] to the other , becoming more entangled in the net of its own thoughts as it does so .

An alternative science — what could be called a psychodynamic science — has been described as the study of live objects which are seen , experienced and recognised subjectively in contrast to traditional sciences which study ‘ objects only ’ :
an [other option] science — what could be called a psychodynamic science — has been described as the study of live objects which are seen , experienced and recognised subjectively in contrast to traditional sciences which study ‘ objects only ’ :

An alternative phantasy to create refuge from the insoluble problem of work was that work life in a small factory would be ideal . As we reported at the time :
an [other option] phantasy to create refuge from the insoluble problem of work was that work life in a small factory would be ideal . as we reported at the time :

An alternative theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to increase .
an [other option] theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to increase .

The two alternative definitions discussed above point to its limitations .
the two [other option] definitions discussed above point to its limitations .

Another alternative is to create an index whereby a number of factors , including the ‘ seriousness ’ of the offence , and perhaps the value of any property involved , are taken into account .
another [other option] is to create an index whereby a number of factors , including the ‘ seriousness ’ of the offence , and perhaps the value of any property involved , are taken into account .

’ As an alternative a licensing system was proposed .
’ as an [other option] a licensing system was proposed .

An alternative method is to measure thefts against the cattle population ( Table 3.2 ) .
an [other option] method is to measure thefts against the cattle population ( table 3.2 ) .

Land grabbing , often supported by forged documents , and coconut stealing provided alternative disreputable activities for those so inclined .
land grabbing , often supported by forged documents , and coconut stealing provided [other option] disreputable activities for those so inclined .

Each local network of cattle stealing provided an alternative system of power and wealth in that locality .
each local network of cattle stealing provided an [other option] system of power and wealth in that locality .

Nor , when a more viable alternative does appear , are they necessarily much bothered if it reopens issues peripheral to the main line of advance which seemed to be already settled .
nor , when a more viable [other option] does appear , are they necessarily much bothered if it reopens issues peripheral to the main line of advance which seemed to be already settled .

For the last three years , it has been working flat out on its comparability project , to reduce the number of alternative accounting methods allowed in its international accounting standards .
for the last three years , it has been working flat out on its comparability project , to reduce the number of [other option] accounting methods allowed in its international accounting standards .

Digital telecommunication has much to recommend it over the analogue alternative , and the move away from analogue systems is n't restricted to the mobile networks .
digital telecommunication has much to recommend it over the analogue [other option] , and the move away from analogue systems is n't restricted to the mobile networks .

These include low-cost lines for data transfer and a cheaper alternative to packet switching , plus cheaper multimedia applications like videoconferencing and videotelephony .
these include low-cost lines for data transfer and a cheaper [other option] to packet switching , plus cheaper multimedia applications like videoconferencing and videotelephony .

This is an attempt to loosen up your mind and let it accept alternative ideas .
this is an attempt to loosen up your mind and let it accept [other option] ideas .

Regional Finance , which will receive at least six updates a year , covers hundreds of grant and loan schemes from a range of public and private organisations , as well as alternative sources such as freeports , science parks and tourist boards .
regional finance , which will receive at least six updates a year , covers hundreds of grant and loan schemes from a range of public and private organisations , as well as [other option] sources such as freeports , science parks and tourist boards .

Table 2 presents an alternative analysis of the population by considering the total number of audits involved .
table 2 presents an [other option] analysis of the population by considering the total number of audits involved .

Such action is totally consistent with property trading and possible development activities , and consequently there appears to be little alternative conclusion as regards the nature of those activities from a taxation point of view .
such action is totally consistent with property trading and possible development activities , and consequently there appears to be little [other option] conclusion as regards the nature of those activities from a taxation point of view .

As an alternative to payment under Deed of Covenant , Tradeco could make payments under the Gift Aid provisions of the Taxes Act .
as an [other option] to payment under deed of covenant , tradeco could make payments under the gift aid provisions of the taxes act .

Employers who supply 10 or more cars to employees for their private use will be able to pay the tax direct to the Contributions Agency as an alternative to the deductions being made on a Pay As You Earn basis by the Inland Revenue .
employers who supply 10 or more cars to employees for their private use will be able to pay the tax direct to the contributions agency as an [other option] to the deductions being made on a pay as you earn basis by the inland revenue .

His Honour Judge Morrell did not rule on the bank 's main contention , which was that since a guarantee card guarantees cheques and a forged cheque is not in fact a cheque , the card is of no significance at all in a transaction if the signature on the cheque is forged , though this is obviously an alternative approach .
his honour judge morrell did not rule on the bank 's main contention , which was that since a guarantee card guarantees cheques and a forged cheque is not in fact a cheque , the card is of no significance at all in a transaction if the signature on the cheque is forged , though this is obviously an [other option] approach .

The offer was of six new Eagle shares for each Samuelson share or a cash alternative and a rights issue to Eagle shareholders .
the offer was of six new eagle shares for each samuelson share or a cash [other option] and a rights issue to eagle shareholders .

Nor should costs of researching and negotiating alternative sources of finance be included .
nor should costs of researching and negotiating [other option] sources of finance be included .

As an alternative to the premium put structure discussed above , convertible debt may contain an undertaking that the interest will be increased at a date in the future .
as an [other option] to the premium put structure discussed above , convertible debt may contain an undertaking that the interest will be increased at a date in the future .

Examples include the general viewing of videos and television programmes , the use of audio tapes , participation in computer based learning programmes , distance learning , and any alternative form of learning where there is no interaction with other individuals , and no assessment ( in the form of a further qualification ) is provided .
examples include the general viewing of videos and television programmes , the use of audio tapes , participation in computer based learning programmes , distance learning , and any [other option] form of learning where there is no interaction with other individuals , and no assessment ( in the form of a further qualification ) is provided .

If you wear bifocals , or if contact lenses are simply not an option , the Supervisor certainly offers an alternative in the trendy world of modern sports shades .
if you wear bifocals , or if contact lenses are simply not an option , the supervisor certainly offers an [other option] in the trendy world of modern sports shades .

There are no alternative prizes .
there are no [other option] prizes .

It has gained a reputation for controlling pain and in China is extensively used as an alternative to anaesthesia in surgery .
it has gained a reputation for controlling pain and in china is extensively used as an [other option] to anaesthesia in surgery .

The alternative plan is to get away from road racing for a spell and use the time to do some track training , with the idea of running track races through the summer months .
the [other option] plan is to get away from road racing for a spell and use the time to do some track training , with the idea of running track races through the summer months .

An alternative explanation is that the figure indicates the existence of an important fertility bull cult at Stamford which was brought over by the Myceneans .
an [other option] explanation is that the figure indicates the existence of an important fertility bull cult at stamford which was brought over by the myceneans .

In Vincent 's day , prostitutes were — in liberal circles at least — a recommended healthy alternative to masturbation and its frightful supposed dangers — paralysis , blindness , insanity .
in vincent 's day , prostitutes were — in liberal circles at least — a recommended healthy [other option] to masturbation and its frightful supposed dangers — paralysis , blindness , insanity .

Cross-country skiing , once the preserve of elderly but fit Europeans , has become a chic alternative to the increasingly high-tech and overcrowded sport of downhill skiing .
cross-country skiing , once the preserve of elderly but fit europeans , has become a chic [other option] to the increasingly high-tech and overcrowded sport of downhill skiing .

‘ There is a growing number of people who see cohabitation as a complete alternative to the married state — particularly among well-educated women with promising careers , who regard the more traditional role of wife as getting in the way .
‘ there is a growing number of people who see cohabitation as a complete [other option] to the married state — particularly among well-educated women with promising careers , who regard the more traditional role of wife as getting in the way .

As health-and-money-conscious mums increasingly reduce the amount of meat in the family diet , Scottish salmon makes a delicious and affordable alternative , .
as health-and-money-conscious mums increasingly reduce the amount of meat in the family diet , scottish salmon makes a delicious and affordable [other option] , .

The manual alternative , in which you have to switch from record mode to play , and then check to find the end of the previous recording by trial and error before returning to record mode , is messy , time-consuming and wasteful of precious battery-time .
the manual [other option] , in which you have to switch from record mode to play , and then check to find the end of the previous recording by trial and error before returning to record mode , is messy , time-consuming and wasteful of precious battery-time .

The alternative infra-red system uses a beam which is emitted from the camcorder and reflected back off the subject , the time taken for the reflection to return being measured and converted to a distance setting .
the [other option] infra-red system uses a beam which is emitted from the camcorder and reflected back off the subject , the time taken for the reflection to return being measured and converted to a distance setting .

If you prefer to do a more thorough job of sound-monitoring , a better alternative to the earpiece is a pair of full-size headphones .
if you prefer to do a more thorough job of sound-monitoring , a better [other option] to the earpiece is a pair of full-size headphones .

Method 3 is , strictly speaking , only legitimate if the aim is to feature the gradual revealing of the background to the action ; otherwise , it is a slow and obtrusive alternative to a straight cut , and becomes tedious to watch if done to excess .
method 3 is , strictly speaking , only legitimate if the aim is to feature the gradual revealing of the background to the action ; otherwise , it is a slow and obtrusive [other option] to a straight cut , and becomes tedious to watch if done to excess .

An alternative to post-production commentary addition is to record explanatory comments in the form of speeches straight to camera as you go along .
an [other option] to post-production commentary addition is to record explanatory comments in the form of speeches straight to camera as you go along .

The easier alternative for video is to record the scene as a two-shot ( page 73 ) , the static nature of which can be relieved by discreetly zooming in and panning between the two speakers from time to time and then zooming back to the two-shot .
the easier [other option] for video is to record the scene as a two-shot ( page 73 ) , the static nature of which can be relieved by discreetly zooming in and panning between the two speakers from time to time and then zooming back to the two-shot .

An alternative is to use one channel of an audio mixer as a volume controller , an added advantage being that , depending on the type , it may be used as a means of matching line and microphone-level signal inputs .
an [other option] is to use one channel of an audio mixer as a volume controller , an added advantage being that , depending on the type , it may be used as a means of matching line and microphone-level signal inputs .

Having recorded the guide-track , you can use it directly to cue the sections of music into place as you pre-record them onto the sound tape , or you can convert them first to tape-counter references ; another alternative is to mark their positions on the back of the tape with a wax pencil or felt-tip pen .
having recorded the guide-track , you can use it directly to cue the sections of music into place as you pre-record them onto the sound tape , or you can convert them first to tape-counter references ; another [other option] is to mark their positions on the back of the tape with a wax pencil or felt-tip pen .

Preferably , the sound recorder will be a reel-to-reel machine with ¼ in tape as this is much easier to work with , but a cassette machine is quite a practical alternative .
preferably , the sound recorder will be a reel-to-reel machine with ¼ in tape as this is much easier to work with , but a cassette machine is quite a practical [other option] .

An alternative solution to the mixed light problem is to change the colour of one light source to match the other .
an [other option] solution to the mixed light problem is to change the colour of one light source to match the other .

As an alternative , radio versions are now available at economic prices ; these allow virtually unrestricted movement to the wearer , the signals being picked up by a special receiver which passes them on to the camcorder via a short cable connection .
as an [other option] , radio versions are now available at economic prices ; these allow virtually unrestricted movement to the wearer , the signals being picked up by a special receiver which passes them on to the camcorder via a short cable connection .

Although purpose-made units are expensive to buy , ordinary hand-microphones attached to simple booms make an acceptable alternative for amateur use .
although purpose-made units are expensive to buy , ordinary hand-microphones attached to simple booms make an acceptable [other option] for amateur use .

The alternative , and it might be effective , would be to legislate for two-tier supervisory boards .
the [other option] , and it might be effective , would be to legislate for two-tier supervisory boards .

The new consultative document develops the concept of the current year basis of assessment and has dropped the alternative accounting period basis that was previously considered .
the new consultative document develops the concept of the current year basis of assessment and has dropped the [other option] accounting period basis that was previously considered .

Audio cassettes are an interesting alternative to endless reading .
audio cassettes are an interesting [other option] to endless reading .

Recycling is an alternative to restructuring , and involves a new partner or borrower .
recycling is an [other option] to restructuring , and involves a new partner or borrower .

The retailer , distributor and manufacturer of pharmaceutical , medical and related products takes in its group balance sheet the value of pharmacy licences as the difference between the existing use and the alternative use valuations of the licensed chemist property portfolio .
the retailer , distributor and manufacturer of pharmaceutical , medical and related products takes in its group balance sheet the value of pharmacy licences as the difference between the existing use and the [other option] use valuations of the licensed chemist property portfolio .

If the Revenue is unwilling to publish an annual list , the only practicable alternative is to base the charge on the cost of the car , since it would be burdensome to expect employers to work out this information for themselves .
if the revenue is unwilling to publish an annual list , the only practicable [other option] is to base the charge on the cost of the car , since it would be burdensome to expect employers to work out this information for themselves .

Less outrageous alternative careers included medicine , law , cooking , running a pub and a life on the buses .
less outrageous [other option] careers included medicine , law , cooking , running a pub and a life on the buses .

If you are single , healthy and in your 20s , then it is probably worth very little to you , and you might prefer to take a cash alternative if one were on offer .
if you are single , healthy and in your 20s , then it is probably worth very little to you , and you might prefer to take a cash [other option] if one were on offer .

Employers are increasingly taking a ‘ cafeteria ’ approach to employee benefits , where employees pick the benefits they want or take a cash alternative if that is what they prefer .
employers are increasingly taking a ‘ cafeteria ’ approach to employee benefits , where employees pick the benefits they want or take a cash [other option] if that is what they prefer .

Alternative vehicles for getting nicotine into the bloodstream skin patches , chewing gum and a recently-developed nasal spray — triple your chances of successfully kicking the smoking habit .
[other option] vehicles for getting nicotine into the bloodstream skin patches , chewing gum and a recently-developed nasal spray — triple your chances of successfully kicking the smoking habit .

But there are alternative approaches and these are gaining popularity .
but there are [other option] approaches and these are gaining popularity .

There is now a need for alternative control mechanisms in this new computing environment , one of which is proper personnel controls .
there is now a need for [other option] control mechanisms in this new computing environment , one of which is proper personnel controls .

Conferences , books , articles and software have proliferated , but where is the evidence of alternative cost management techniques in practice ?
conferences , books , articles and software have proliferated , but where is the evidence of [other option] cost management techniques in practice ?

The alternative would be to show the cash outflows under investing activities on the grounds that the provisions relate to the acquisition of a subsidiary .
the [other option] would be to show the cash outflows under investing activities on the grounds that the provisions relate to the acquisition of a subsidiary .

Clause 22 and Sch 3 provide for an employee who would otherwise have to be suspended from work for health and safety reasons on maternity grounds , such as pregnancy , recent birth , or where the woman is breast-feeding her child , to be offered suitable alternative work ( if available ) and for an employee who is suspended to be paid during the suspension .
clause 22 and sch 3 provide for an employee who would otherwise have to be suspended from work for health and safety reasons on maternity grounds , such as pregnancy , recent birth , or where the woman is breast-feeding her child , to be offered suitable [other option] work ( if available ) and for an employee who is suspended to be paid during the suspension .

Cramped into the narrow property boundaries of the old farming strips , the alternative Brighton was built rapidly with little or no conscious design or realisation of the longer-term implications .
cramped into the narrow property boundaries of the old farming strips , the [other option] brighton was built rapidly with little or no conscious design or realisation of the longer-term implications .

Battle and a handful of the Wealden centres managed to develop a small-scale alternative : making the finest gunpowder , perhaps the best in Europe .
battle and a handful of the wealden centres managed to develop a small-scale [other option] : making the finest gunpowder , perhaps the best in europe .

Deals are also being offered to companies as alternative incentive perks to top performers .
deals are also being offered to companies as [other option] incentive perks to top performers .

Customers will get refunds and other firms are helping to find alternative trips .
customers will get refunds and other firms are helping to find [other option] trips .

McGrath , a father of three , of Paisley , and Milliken of Glasgow , both members of the Strathclyde force , deny causing grevious bodily harm and an alternative charge of wounding and assault .
mcgrath , a father of three , of paisley , and milliken of glasgow , both members of the strathclyde force , deny causing grevious bodily harm and an [other option] charge of wounding and assault .

He said they were concentrating on producing a synthetic alternative .
he said they were concentrating on producing a synthetic [other option] .

Our organisation , Ulster Movement , offers an alternative .
our organisation , ulster movement , offers an [other option] .

Returns on bank and building society deposits have crashed to 3%-4% and shares and properties are now a viable alternative investment .
returns on bank and building society deposits have crashed to 3%-4% and shares and properties are now a viable [other option] investment .

It may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through techniques appropriate to different instructional settings .
it may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the [other option] realization of principles through techniques appropriate to different instructional settings .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal has held that a woman who is entitled to return to work , but is made redundant while still on maternity leave , is to be regarded as unfairly dismissed if the employer does not offer a suitable alternative vacancy or prove that no such vacancy exists .
the employment appeal tribunal has held that a woman who is entitled to return to work , but is made redundant while still on maternity leave , is to be regarded as unfairly dismissed if the employer does not offer a suitable [other option] vacancy or prove that no such vacancy exists .

Faculty examinations are unnecessary because there already exists a suitable alternative in the form of the IoT examination .
faculty examinations are unnecessary because there already exists a suitable [other option] in the form of the iot examination .

‘ It must become more focused , concentrate its attention on the core issues , get agreement with them , with as few alternative versions as possible , and get these agreements enforced nationally .
‘ it must become more focused , concentrate its attention on the core issues , get agreement with them , with as few [other option] versions as possible , and get these agreements enforced nationally .

With a fresh crop of newly-qualifieds hitting the market and no vacancies to fill , firms are making further redundancies , ceasing to renew training contracts — sometimes even terminating the contract early on the grounds that there is no work — and beginning to offer part-time employment as an alternative .
with a fresh crop of newly-qualifieds hitting the market and no vacancies to fill , firms are making further redundancies , ceasing to renew training contracts — sometimes even terminating the contract early on the grounds that there is no work — and beginning to offer part-time employment as an [other option] .

The safest and most popular alternative ( but not the cheapest ) has traditionally been travellers cheques , which are , in general , universally accepted .
the safest and most popular [other option] ( but not the cheapest ) has traditionally been travellers cheques , which are , in general , universally accepted .

An increasingly popular alternative for visitors to continental Europe are Eurocheques and Eurocards , but they can be expensive , with typical charges around £8 a year for the card and around £2 for each cheque cashed .
an increasingly popular [other option] for visitors to continental europe are eurocheques and eurocards , but they can be expensive , with typical charges around £8 a year for the card and around £2 for each cheque cashed .

Moreover , for purchases and bills in general , cards tend to work out cheaper than the cash alternative , as the card issuers tot up all the day 's transactions and exchange the total at a favourable exchange rate , usually around 2% to 3% better than the one available to the public .
moreover , for purchases and bills in general , cards tend to work out cheaper than the cash [other option] , as the card issuers tot up all the day 's transactions and exchange the total at a favourable exchange rate , usually around 2% to 3% better than the one available to the public .

An alternative specimen auditors ' report is given in the panel .
an [other option] specimen auditors ' report is given in the panel .

Her complaint was that she had the right to return to the job she had left : if this was not possible because of redundancy , she had a right under s 45 ( 3 ) of the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 to be offered alternative employment if there was a suitable available vacancy .
her complaint was that she had the right to return to the job she had left : if this was not possible because of redundancy , she had a right under s 45 ( 3 ) of the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 to be offered [other option] employment if there was a suitable available vacancy .

The company 's argument was that under s 45 ( 3 ) an employer need only offer alternative employment ‘ where there is a suitably available vacancy ’ .
the company 's argument was that under s 45 ( 3 ) an employer need only offer [other option] employment ‘ where there is a suitably available vacancy ’ .

For some commentators on the political right such as Marsland ( 1986 , p. 87 ) , the apparent weakening of family responsibility has been encouraged by the growth of state services which provide alternative sources of support .
for some commentators on the political right such as marsland ( 1986 , p. 87 ) , the apparent weakening of family responsibility has been encouraged by the growth of state services which provide [other option] sources of support .

Equally people 's need for support from relatives specifically has to be related to whatever alternative provisions exist at any given time .
equally people 's need for support from relatives specifically has to be related to whatever [other option] provisions exist at any given time .

The British approach to social policy as developed in the nineteenth century both understood this distinction and exploited it by making the workhouse the only alternative to family care and then deliberately creating conditions in workhouses which were both undesirable in terms of physical conditions and also reinforced a sense of shame , so that any relative who could be considered available would feel obliged to offer support .
the british approach to social policy as developed in the nineteenth century both understood this distinction and exploited it by making the workhouse the only [other option] to family care and then deliberately creating conditions in workhouses which were both undesirable in terms of physical conditions and also reinforced a sense of shame , so that any relative who could be considered available would feel obliged to offer support .

Some birds can switch to alternative food sources if one should fail and most gulls ( with the exception of kittiwake ) are good examples of this adaptability .
some birds can switch to [other option] food sources if one should fail and most gulls ( with the exception of kittiwake ) are good examples of this adaptability .

Leach 's has a forked tail which gave it an alternative name of ‘ fork-tailed petrel ’ .
leach 's has a forked tail which gave it an [other option] name of ‘ fork-tailed petrel ’ .

Nevertheless , it has become established as the only real alternative for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single-vendor systems .
nevertheless , it has become established as the only real [other option] for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single-vendor systems .

Phenotypic flexibility might thus provide an alternative explanation for relatively low rates of rejection in allopatry found in other studies .
phenotypic flexibility might thus provide an [other option] explanation for relatively low rates of rejection in allopatry found in other studies .

The alternative explanation , involving a change in the rate of momentum loss through electromagnetic radiation or particle outflow might be accompanied by an observable change in the radiation pattern or the braking index ; we intend to search for these in our continued monitoring programme .
the [other option] explanation , involving a change in the rate of momentum loss through electromagnetic radiation or particle outflow might be accompanied by an observable change in the radiation pattern or the braking index ; we intend to search for these in our continued monitoring programme .

The Prisoners ' Dilemma is an interesting metaphor for the fundamental biological problem of how cooperative behaviour may evolve and be maintained ; alternative approaches involve , for example , studies of how the patchiness that can be created by limited dispersal or population ‘ viscosity ’ might favour the evolution of altruism through the elevation of inclusive fitness within kin groups .
the prisoners ' dilemma is an interesting metaphor for the fundamental biological problem of how cooperative behaviour may evolve and be maintained ; [other option] approaches involve , for example , studies of how the patchiness that can be created by limited dispersal or population ‘ viscosity ’ might favour the evolution of altruism through the elevation of inclusive fitness within kin groups .

Alternative explanations for the observed phenomenon were discounted : males were not localized in areas of high population density , nor was the mortality bias reversed in such areas .
[other option] explanations for the observed phenomenon were discounted : males were not localized in areas of high population density , nor was the mortality bias reversed in such areas .

( Some mechanisms , such as internal climate variability , provide an alternative explanation for the discrepancies between the modelled response to greenhouse forcing and observed trends . )
( some mechanisms , such as internal climate variability , provide an [other option] explanation for the discrepancies between the modelled response to greenhouse forcing and observed trends . )

The majority of molecular studies support a closer relationship between chimpanzees and humans , with gorillas more distantly related ( see Box 1 ) , but some molecular studies support the alternative of closer relationship between chimpanzees and gorillas , with humans the sister group to the combined African apes .
the majority of molecular studies support a closer relationship between chimpanzees and humans , with gorillas more distantly related ( see box 1 ) , but some molecular studies support the [other option] of closer relationship between chimpanzees and gorillas , with humans the sister group to the combined african apes .

The morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case Graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in Graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .
the morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this [other option] , in which case graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .

The second alternative is that there may have been a continuation of the dryopithecin radiation .
the second [other option] is that there may have been a continuation of the dryopithecin radiation .

One possible alternative may be to suggest that jaws correspond to the velum in a larval lamprey , a special pumping device located at the entrance to the pharynx .
one possible [other option] may be to suggest that jaws correspond to the velum in a larval lamprey , a special pumping device located at the entrance to the pharynx .

These observations need to be reconciled with the pentaradial arrangement in the Ediacaran Arkurua , and also suggest an alternative assignment for trilobozoans ( Fig .
these observations need to be reconciled with the pentaradial arrangement in the ediacaran arkurua , and also suggest an [other option] assignment for trilobozoans ( fig .

The alternative layering models do not provide entirely convincing explanations of the basic ‘ cumulus ’ textures of layered rocks which are most simply interpreted as a framework of settled individual grains .
the [other option] layering models do not provide entirely convincing explanations of the basic ‘ cumulus ’ textures of layered rocks which are most simply interpreted as a framework of settled individual grains .

The analysis of an array of radiocarbon dated lake-sediment cores provides an alternative means of assessing the sustained impact of deforestation on a large catchment scale .
the analysis of an array of radiocarbon dated lake-sediment cores provides an [other option] means of assessing the sustained impact of deforestation on a large catchment scale .

An alternative to genetic approaches is to use environmental manipulations of the rate of ageing to study its mechanisms .
an [other option] to genetic approaches is to use environmental manipulations of the rate of ageing to study its mechanisms .

An alternative might be to investigate the effects on life history of making a diploid from two independent strains of a habitually haploid organism .
an [other option] might be to investigate the effects on life history of making a diploid from two independent strains of a habitually haploid organism .

One was that Mr Yeltsin was Russia 's best hope — no plausible alternative leader has argued so unequivocally for a market economy , or seemed willing to trust the young reformers who will be needed to create it .
one was that mr yeltsin was russia 's best hope — no plausible [other option] leader has argued so unequivocally for a market economy , or seemed willing to trust the young reformers who will be needed to create it .

No real alternative exists .
no real [other option] exists .

But Egypt 's lesson is this : the only alternative to repression or revolution is reform : genuine political reform that goes all the way .
but egypt 's lesson is this : the only [other option] to repression or revolution is reform : genuine political reform that goes all the way .

The alternative is protectionism , particularly against the world beyond Europe .
the [other option] is protectionism , particularly against the world beyond europe .

Each Baby Bell can see its local-exchange monopoly coming under increasing pressure from cellular companies , private-line operators and nimble intermediaries offering customers alternative ways to reach long-distance operators .
each baby bell can see its local-exchange monopoly coming under increasing pressure from cellular companies , private-line operators and nimble intermediaries offering customers [other option] ways to reach long-distance operators .

The alternative is to push the task of debt reduction even further into the future .
the [other option] is to push the task of debt reduction even further into the future .

The alternative is for Greeks to watch their economic hopes fade , and listen to the world go on chuckling about the story of the Golden Unfleeced .
the [other option] is for greeks to watch their economic hopes fade , and listen to the world go on chuckling about the story of the golden unfleeced .

In the past dozen years an alternative great idea has pulled them westward , as they have tried to dissolve themselves into the European Community .
in the past dozen years an [other option] great idea has pulled them westward , as they have tried to dissolve themselves into the european community .

In a continent notorious for appalling prison conditions , where brutality and corruption are the norm , Nicaragua 's penal system stands out as a genuine effort to find a more humane yet affordable alternative .
in a continent notorious for appalling prison conditions , where brutality and corruption are the norm , nicaragua 's penal system stands out as a genuine effort to find a more humane yet affordable [other option] .

The alternative to the ‘ good men ’ model is the ‘ good rules ’ or good system model .
the [other option] to the ‘ good men ’ model is the ‘ good rules ’ or good system model .

It was typical of the thoroughness of his approach that he immediately decided to visit sixteen gaols in nearby counties so that he could gauge the extent of the evil , look for alternative solutions and make out a proper case for reform .
it was typical of the thoroughness of his approach that he immediately decided to visit sixteen gaols in nearby counties so that he could gauge the extent of the evil , look for [other option] solutions and make out a proper case for reform .

The Church can not be reclericalized , but any alternative model of ministry or communion can be blocked from the top .
the church can not be reclericalized , but any [other option] model of ministry or communion can be blocked from the top .

Cardinal Lienart of Lille proposed an alternative plan .
cardinal lienart of lille proposed an [other option] plan .

The alternative , many of the fathers believed , would have been no text at all .
the [other option] , many of the fathers believed , would have been no text at all .

Whatever its origins , Dei Delitti e delle Pene is a masterpiece of compression , focusing its borrowed ideas into a comprehensive , coherent treatise on the iniquities of the contemporary European criminal justice systems and offering a systematic alternative .
whatever its origins , dei delitti e delle pene is a masterpiece of compression , focusing its borrowed ideas into a comprehensive , coherent treatise on the iniquities of the contemporary european criminal justice systems and offering a systematic [other option] .

His alternative , ‘ perpetual servitude ’ , is chosen because of its supposed greater effectiveness as a general deterrent rather than its lesser cruelty :
his [other option] , ‘ perpetual servitude ’ , is chosen because of its supposed greater effectiveness as a general deterrent rather than its lesser cruelty :

There are two elements in Foucault 's characterisation of the prison as an alternative model to that of classicism .
there are two elements in foucault 's characterisation of the prison as an [other option] model to that of classicism .

Garland , however , seems to go rather further than this in suggesting that , in Britain at least , the emergent prison system never really embodied a ‘ reformative ’ alternative to classicism and neoclassicism at all .
garland , however , seems to go rather further than this in suggesting that , in britain at least , the emergent prison system never really embodied a ‘ reformative ’ [other option] to classicism and neoclassicism at all .

Since crime , however it is defined in any particular society , always involves some degree of restraint on individual self-interest , our natural tendency is always towards deviation : we will , it seems , always choose the deviant alternative when it suits us and when we think we can get away with it .
since crime , however it is defined in any particular society , always involves some degree of restraint on individual self-interest , our natural tendency is always towards deviation : we will , it seems , always choose the deviant [other option] when it suits us and when we think we can get away with it .

Delinquent subculture theory locates the impetus more specifically in the social setting of lower-class adolescent males ( who were shown to be the most crime-prone by official statistics ) : they are disadvantaged in their quest for status and achievement ( defined by conventional agencies such as the school ) and consequently construct their own , alternative criteria .
delinquent subculture theory locates the impetus more specifically in the social setting of lower-class adolescent males ( who were shown to be the most crime-prone by official statistics ) : they are disadvantaged in their quest for status and achievement ( defined by conventional agencies such as the school ) and consequently construct their own , [other option] criteria .

He subjects these bonds to rigorous empirical testing using the standard techniques of positivist criminology ( survey , statistical analysis ) , while in addition attempting to avoid the problem of the selectivity of ‘ official ’ definitions of criminality by using alternative sources of data ( ‘ self-report ’ data ) .
he subjects these bonds to rigorous empirical testing using the standard techniques of positivist criminology ( survey , statistical analysis ) , while in addition attempting to avoid the problem of the selectivity of ‘ official ’ definitions of criminality by using [other option] sources of data ( ‘ self-report ’ data ) .

Matza ( 1969 ) was particularly influential in proposing that the correctionalist stance had had a distorting effect in criminology , and in advocating an alternative .
matza ( 1969 ) was particularly influential in proposing that the correctionalist stance had had a distorting effect in criminology , and in advocating an [other option] .

His alternative is what he calls an ‘ appreciative ’ stance : ‘ These appreciative sentiments are easily summarized : we do not for a moment wish that we could rid ourselves of deviant phenomena .
his [other option] is what he calls an ‘ appreciative ’ stance : ‘ these appreciative sentiments are easily summarized : we do not for a moment wish that we could rid ourselves of deviant phenomena .

Sometimes , however , an alternative , less heroic but equally anti-correctionalist picture was painted : working-class crime was in reality mostly petty , irrelevant and not a problem , but had been made to appear so by the mass media blowing it up , misrepresenting it and creating crime-scares .
sometimes , however , an [other option] , less heroic but equally anti-correctionalist picture was painted : working-class crime was in reality mostly petty , irrelevant and not a problem , but had been made to appear so by the mass media blowing it up , misrepresenting it and creating crime-scares .

But , once again , they are loath to recognise this as a real and alternative response to the conditions confronting lower-class youth .
but , once again , they are loath to recognise this as a real and [other option] response to the conditions confronting lower-class youth .

The fact that it also rejects punishment in favour of individualised treatment geared to the particular needs of the offender has meant that , unlike deterrence , it has managed to present itself as a humane , caring alternative to the ‘ primitive revenge ’ of retribution .
the fact that it also rejects punishment in favour of individualised treatment geared to the particular needs of the offender has meant that , unlike deterrence , it has managed to present itself as a humane , caring [other option] to the ‘ primitive revenge ’ of retribution .

All of these studies emphasised the same , fundamental point : that rehabilitation had led to the sacrifice of justice in favour of an alternative goal that it had manifestly failed to achieve .
all of these studies emphasised the same , fundamental point : that rehabilitation had led to the sacrifice of justice in favour of an [other option] goal that it had manifestly failed to achieve .

If such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other considerations , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .
if such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other considerations , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some [other option] category , such as mental illness .

However , where comparisons can be made with alternative sources of data , and where it is possible to provide some evidence to counter the possibility that the findings are due purely to ‘ data collection ’ effects , we can perhaps arrive at some tentative conclusions .
however , where comparisons can be made with [other option] sources of data , and where it is possible to provide some evidence to counter the possibility that the findings are due purely to ‘ data collection ’ effects , we can perhaps arrive at some tentative conclusions .

‘ Fast ’ and ‘ simultaneous ’ distribution , again , are defined by the purposes of the ‘ sender ’ and the speed of alternative technologies .
‘ fast ’ and ‘ simultaneous ’ distribution , again , are defined by the purposes of the ‘ sender ’ and the speed of [other option] technologies .

The local press tended to be bland , and ‘ stirring things up ’ , even in the angry years of the late 1960s , was the preserve of ‘ alternative ’ community newspapers .
the local press tended to be bland , and ‘ stirring things up ’ , even in the angry years of the late 1960s , was the preserve of ‘ [other option] ’ community newspapers .

In discussions about ‘ choice ’ , for instance , it would thus have been unrealistic to think of the number of alternative daily papers as growing from nine in 1945 to twelve in 1990 .
in discussions about ‘ choice ’ , for instance , it would thus have been unrealistic to think of the number of [other option] daily papers as growing from nine in 1945 to twelve in 1990 .

The alternative is to lift the ban on supplying weapons to Bosnia 's Muslims , the main victims of the war and the ones most likely to fight back against the Serbs effectively .
the [other option] is to lift the ban on supplying weapons to bosnia 's muslims , the main victims of the war and the ones most likely to fight back against the serbs effectively .

The party aims to win by portraying itself as a pro-free-market , pro-Hindu and anti-corruption alternative to Congress .
the party aims to win by portraying itself as a pro-free-market , pro-hindu and anti-corruption [other option] to congress .

American officials in Bolivia , who also run development projects through the Agency for International Development , provide a more vigorous defence of alternative development .
american officials in bolivia , who also run development projects through the agency for international development , provide a more vigorous defence of [other option] development .

Later this year , MPs will be allowed a free vote on three alternative reforms , ranging from the restrictive to the liberal .
later this year , mps will be allowed a free vote on three [other option] reforms , ranging from the restrictive to the liberal .

That is likely to be British-style first-past-the-post rules for both houses of parliament — the system that 82 % of voters backed in the referendum , though their only alternative was the existing system .
that is likely to be british-style first-past-the-post rules for both houses of parliament — the system that 82 % of voters backed in the referendum , though their only [other option] was the existing system .

Crude spending cuts at the margin are the preferred alternative , when funds are short .
crude spending cuts at the margin are the preferred [other option] , when funds are short .

He knew he was being manipulated but , he asked himself , what was the alternative ?
he knew he was being manipulated but , he asked himself , what was the [other option] ?

When Shinwell discussed the men from the industry to be appointed to the senior positions , he had at first wanted two deputy chairmen , one to look after generation and the other to oversee distribution and the Area Boards , but Citrine proposed an alternative division between operations and administration , feeling that it was ‘ essential to have someone familiar with the operation of large-scale organisations ’ .
when shinwell discussed the men from the industry to be appointed to the senior positions , he had at first wanted two deputy chairmen , one to look after generation and the other to oversee distribution and the area boards , but citrine proposed an [other option] division between operations and administration , feeling that it was ‘ essential to have someone familiar with the operation of large-scale organisations ’ .

There were , how ever , considerable practical problems for the Central Authority in disciplining this instinct by devising measures of performance alternative to the profit yardstick , The Area Board barons liked to keep the Central Authority distant from their own fiefs , but they did come to court to bargain on the issues which had to be resolved between them ; and when they did this personal and political factors could be as important as commercial or economic ones .
there were , how ever , considerable practical problems for the central authority in disciplining this instinct by devising measures of performance [other option] to the profit yardstick , the area board barons liked to keep the central authority distant from their own fiefs , but they did come to court to bargain on the issues which had to be resolved between them ; and when they did this personal and political factors could be as important as commercial or economic ones .

If it offended against purist commercial canons , then it could fairly be pointed out that the alternative might easily ( like overseas systems ) have offended more .
if it offended against purist commercial canons , then it could fairly be pointed out that the [other option] might easily ( like overseas systems ) have offended more .

Outside critics , of which the most devastating was the Oxford economist Ian Little , had no difficulty in showing that their arguments ‘ fail to wriggle out of the obvious ’ , which was that much of the domestic thermal load was being sold below cost and was thereby winning heating markets which could be more efficiently supplied by alternative fuels at lower overall national cost .
outside critics , of which the most devastating was the oxford economist ian little , had no difficulty in showing that their arguments ‘ fail to wriggle out of the obvious ’ , which was that much of the domestic thermal load was being sold below cost and was thereby winning heating markets which could be more efficiently supplied by [other option] fuels at lower overall national cost .

Fortunately , the success achieved by Carlos Salinas in Mexico suggests an alternative .
fortunately , the success achieved by carlos salinas in mexico suggests an [other option] .

Remarkably , Ukraine 's generally conservative parliament appeared inclined to support him , largely because it felt there was no alternative .
remarkably , ukraine 's generally conservative parliament appeared inclined to support him , largely because it felt there was no [other option] .

Conservative Democrats in the Senate unveiled an alternative budget plan , including caps on mandatory entitlement programmes and the demise of the energy tax .
conservative democrats in the senate unveiled an [other option] budget plan , including caps on mandatory entitlement programmes and the demise of the energy tax .

Their downfall came with the financial collapse of the Canary Wharf project , and the accompanying collapse of their hopes to create an alternative financial centre to the City of London .
their downfall came with the financial collapse of the canary wharf project , and the accompanying collapse of their hopes to create an [other option] financial centre to the city of london .

No alternative government was ever suggested .
no [other option] government was ever suggested .

The alternative , when plutonium is seen as a fuel , is to load it into existing Russian reactors , unused to the stuff and already regarded as unsafe by outsiders .
the [other option] , when plutonium is seen as a fuel , is to load it into existing russian reactors , unused to the stuff and already regarded as unsafe by outsiders .

Perhaps wisely , Robert Fullerton did not insist on that particular post , and offered the politician an easier alternative , though one considerably inferior in value to that of an inspector of customs , by suggesting that a lieutenancy of marines might be had through political interest .
perhaps wisely , robert fullerton did not insist on that particular post , and offered the politician an easier [other option] , though one considerably inferior in value to that of an inspector of customs , by suggesting that a lieutenancy of marines might be had through political interest .

An alternative way into the commissioned ranks of the regular army was by going on war service with a battalion as a volunteer , hoping to be chosen by the commanding officer to fill a vacancy in the field .
an [other option] way into the commissioned ranks of the regular army was by going on war service with a battalion as a volunteer , hoping to be chosen by the commanding officer to fill a vacancy in the field .

Interest , however , was required to secure an appointment in this rank , for the alternative was an unwanted retiral to Stirling on half-pay .
interest , however , was required to secure an appointment in this rank , for the [other option] was an unwanted retiral to stirling on half-pay .

On the face of it , the last alternative looked the most promising in the circumstances , but unfortunately the principal lawyer employed by the burgh council , Blackhouse , lived in Edinburgh , and was thus unsuitable for a charge which required residence because of the frequency of the court 's meetings .
on the face of it , the last [other option] looked the most promising in the circumstances , but unfortunately the principal lawyer employed by the burgh council , blackhouse , lived in edinburgh , and was thus unsuitable for a charge which required residence because of the frequency of the court 's meetings .

Most reluctantly , for he had no wish to offend Andrew Gardner , a good friend , whose wife was William Weir 's aunt , the Duke of Montrose agreed to James Graham 's proposal for Weir 's removal , but this was done only in order to retain the services of a good man in the office of bailie-substitute , for whom no alternative was in sight .
most reluctantly , for he had no wish to offend andrew gardner , a good friend , whose wife was william weir 's aunt , the duke of montrose agreed to james graham 's proposal for weir 's removal , but this was done only in order to retain the services of a good man in the office of bailie-substitute , for whom no [other option] was in sight .

The man 's Jacobitism clearly prevented him from securing any alternative office , and the division of the collectorship had to be resurrected .
the man 's jacobitism clearly prevented him from securing any [other option] office , and the division of the collectorship had to be resurrected .

The findings from this study point to an alternative way forward .
the findings from this study point to an [other option] way forward .

The alternative and desired emphasis of policy would be to provide more resources to parents caring for their children at home so that they could do their job better , and to reunite with their parents , wherever possible , those children who have been removed .
the [other option] and desired emphasis of policy would be to provide more resources to parents caring for their children at home so that they could do their job better , and to reunite with their parents , wherever possible , those children who have been removed .

If we believe that the child should be placed transracially as an alternative to institutional care , then social workers must resist the massive denial or evasion of the negative consequences of some transracial placements for black children when the substitute parents have not been prepared or perhaps are very unsuitable to care for a black child .
if we believe that the child should be placed transracially as an [other option] to institutional care , then social workers must resist the massive denial or evasion of the negative consequences of some transracial placements for black children when the substitute parents have not been prepared or perhaps are very unsuitable to care for a black child .

Where the risk is considered too serious for the children to remain in their family , they have a duty to provide alternative care , in foster homes or other forms of residential care ( and there is a duty to monitor children 's safety and well-being in these situations also ) .
where the risk is considered too serious for the children to remain in their family , they have a duty to provide [other option] care , in foster homes or other forms of residential care ( and there is a duty to monitor children 's safety and well-being in these situations also ) .

The move away from residential to alternative family care shaped the form of subsequent endeavours to help children .
the move away from residential to [other option] family care shaped the form of subsequent endeavours to help children .

It is possible to argue that the research of Rowe and Lambert was influential for the growth of an ideology about the supremacy of the family as the basis for alternative public care of children and young people .
it is possible to argue that the research of rowe and lambert was influential for the growth of an ideology about the supremacy of the family as the basis for [other option] public care of children and young people .

Rowe and Lambert , in describing the aspirations of social workers in child care before 1970 , thought that the failure to plan for children in public care stemmed in part from a rejection by social workers of state care for children as a permanent alternative to care by the natural family .
rowe and lambert , in describing the aspirations of social workers in child care before 1970 , thought that the failure to plan for children in public care stemmed in part from a rejection by social workers of state care for children as a permanent [other option] to care by the natural family .

Within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for Gummer , the previously existing moral consensus .
within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for [other option] practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for gummer , the previously existing moral consensus .

For a start , there is no clear alternative .
for a start , there is no clear [other option] .

Ethan Nadelmann , a drugs expert who heads the Princeton Working Group , which is developing alternative ideas to prohibition , notes that legalisation of drugs was given a serious hearing .
ethan nadelmann , a drugs expert who heads the princeton working group , which is developing [other option] ideas to prohibition , notes that legalisation of drugs was given a serious hearing .

His alternative is to call in the army , as he did in 1986 when low-paid police rioted in Cairo .
his [other option] is to call in the army , as he did in 1986 when low-paid police rioted in cairo .

During the French referendum , those urging the French to vote Yes argued that the alternative was a Europe that would revert to nationalism and division .
during the french referendum , those urging the french to vote yes argued that the [other option] was a europe that would revert to nationalism and division .

They were led by Henkel , a German household-goods giant , which came up with an alternative called zeolite .
they were led by henkel , a german household-goods giant , which came up with an [other option] called zeolite .

Second , the worker had an alternative peer group of under-fives workers who were key figures in controlling access to all other under-fives facilities .
second , the worker had an [other option] peer group of under-fives workers who were key figures in controlling access to all other under-fives facilities .

It demanded interest and commitment on the part of the workers to try and set up respite fostering or other more integrated arrangements as an alternative .
it demanded interest and commitment on the part of the workers to try and set up respite fostering or other more integrated arrangements as an [other option] .

Alternative or additional funding has been sought from social services departments ( non-Strategy ) , health authorities , education departments , Children in Need , trusts , and by fundraising .
[other option] or additional funding has been sought from social services departments ( non-strategy ) , health authorities , education departments , children in need , trusts , and by fundraising .

This provision was established as a result of several pressures , not least of all parental lobbying for an alternative option to adult training centres .
this provision was established as a result of several pressures , not least of all parental lobbying for an [other option] option to adult training centres .

Perhaps we are now in a position to give , from a parental perspective , an alternative interpretation of what exactly it means to ‘ come to terms with ’ a child 's disability .
perhaps we are now in a position to give , from a parental perspective , an [other option] interpretation of what exactly it means to ‘ come to terms with ’ a child 's disability .

When questioned by a researcher Mr and Mrs Short restated their preference for a placement in an alternative mainstream school .
when questioned by a researcher mr and mrs short restated their preference for a placement in an [other option] mainstream school .

‘ They see residential school as an alternative to ‘ care ’ but it has less stigma for them .
‘ they see residential school as an [other option] to ‘ care ’ but it has less stigma for them .

Her direct challenge to the authority of the professionals forced them to acknowledge an alternative conceptualisation of Tom 's needs which carried with it quite different implications for the outcome of the formal assessment of those needs .
her direct challenge to the authority of the professionals forced them to acknowledge an [other option] conceptualisation of tom 's needs which carried with it quite different implications for the outcome of the formal assessment of those needs .

But a craft that size would carry alternative life-saving equipment .
but a craft that size would carry [other option] life-saving equipment .

We hate the constant struggle to keep order — but the alternative is worse .
we hate the constant struggle to keep order — but the [other option] is worse .

There is an alternative , more optimistic view that some people in education are expressing , which sees the current changes as somewhere between an irrelevance and a minor irritation in terms of their own aims and practices .
there is an [other option] , more optimistic view that some people in education are expressing , which sees the current changes as somewhere between an irrelevance and a minor irritation in terms of their own aims and practices .

Many of the younger ones do , and many of the older ones would like to , but are trapped by financial commitments , pension prospects and the fear , accurate or not , of being unqualified for or unable to find an alternative job .
many of the younger ones do , and many of the older ones would like to , but are trapped by financial commitments , pension prospects and the fear , accurate or not , of being unqualified for or unable to find an [other option] job .

Given that nobody ( except the academics , who do n't count ) was talking education , the dispute about pay and conditions provided an alternative hoarding on which to display their disquiet .
given that nobody ( except the academics , who do n't count ) was talking education , the dispute about pay and conditions provided an [other option] hoarding on which to display their disquiet .

Thinking they were doing the right thing , some schools set out to understand and respond to the particular problems faced by children of West Indian origin — only to discover that their parents , dissatisfied with ‘ low expectations ’ and ‘ lack of discipline ’ , were setting up their own alternative , strict , traditional schools that their children were being sent to on Saturdays .
thinking they were doing the right thing , some schools set out to understand and respond to the particular problems faced by children of west indian origin — only to discover that their parents , dissatisfied with ‘ low expectations ’ and ‘ lack of discipline ’ , were setting up their own [other option] , strict , traditional schools that their children were being sent to on saturdays .

If school is becoming a place that you do not enjoy , where you doubt your competence , and whose value you are questioning — then find an alternative activity that you enjoy , value and are good at .
if school is becoming a place that you do not enjoy , where you doubt your competence , and whose value you are questioning — then find an [other option] activity that you enjoy , value and are good at .

Or he may have an alternative up his sleeve .
or he may have an [other option] up his sleeve .

Computer auctions are another alternative — prices can be very low , but the risk is very high !
computer auctions are another [other option] — prices can be very low , but the risk is very high !

If , for example , all you wanted to do was to reduce the sleeve length , you could ( provided an alternative length was given ) use a shorter length given for a smaller size .
if , for example , all you wanted to do was to reduce the sleeve length , you could ( provided an [other option] length was given ) use a shorter length given for a smaller size .

Is ‘ The sea appears to a viewer to be the same colour all over ’ simply an alternative way of saying ‘ The viewer is of the opinion that ( or judges that , or thinks that ) the sea is the same colour all over ?
is ‘ the sea appears to a viewer to be the same colour all over ’ simply an [other option] way of saying ‘ the viewer is of the opinion that ( or judges that , or thinks that ) the sea is the same colour all over ?

Indeed , the whole point of the local sign theory , as an alternative to the ‘ place pure and simple ’ account has been lost on some psychologists .
indeed , the whole point of the local sign theory , as an [other option] to the ‘ place pure and simple ’ account has been lost on some psychologists .

The fact that the negative side receives very much more attention from him than the positive side , and that the attack is pressed home on only one of the two experiential explanations , has had the unfortunate result that Wittgenstein can be mistakenly thought to be giving the alternative experiential explanation , in terms of behaviour .
the fact that the negative side receives very much more attention from him than the positive side , and that the attack is pressed home on only one of the two experiential explanations , has had the unfortunate result that wittgenstein can be mistakenly thought to be giving the [other option] experiential explanation , in terms of behaviour .

Why these important barons , in the face of ecclesiastical censure , and as an alternative to the important political alliance with the king of Scotland , should have preferred Harold 's daughter is a mystery .
why these important barons , in the face of ecclesiastical censure , and as an [other option] to the important political alliance with the king of scotland , should have preferred harold 's daughter is a mystery .

In the end , since the pope refused to free him , he had no alternative but to continue in office .
in the end , since the pope refused to free him , he had no [other option] but to continue in office .

The abrupt cessation of homage without some alternative ceremony would have divided a kingdom into two distinct parts : those parts held by laymen , for which homage was owed to the king , and those parts held by clergy , for which homage was forbidden .
the abrupt cessation of homage without some [other option] ceremony would have divided a kingdom into two distinct parts : those parts held by laymen , for which homage was owed to the king , and those parts held by clergy , for which homage was forbidden .

But now , look at the matter from the other side , and see how much less satisfactory the alternative explanation is .
but now , look at the matter from the other side , and see how much less satisfactory the [other option] explanation is .

Already Congressman Campbell 's office is considering alternative proof of ‘ Indianness ’ .
already congressman campbell 's office is considering [other option] proof of ‘ indianness ’ .

Your reviewer recommends Gombrich 's Story of Art as a viable alternative .
your reviewer recommends gombrich 's story of art as a viable [other option] .

The Kunsthalle model , he maintains , fills a need that the ‘ alternative ’ contemporary art spaces have n't met .
the kunsthalle model , he maintains , fills a need that the ‘ [other option] ’ contemporary art spaces have n't met .

Among their justifications for the present move , Sotheby 's have stated that the average price of a lot sold at Sotheby 's is £1,000 which will result in an extra £50 on the bill ; that this is the first rise in the buyer 's premium since 1975 ; and that the alternative would have been to close down a number of the company 's European offices .
among their justifications for the present move , sotheby 's have stated that the average price of a lot sold at sotheby 's is £1,000 which will result in an extra £50 on the bill ; that this is the first rise in the buyer 's premium since 1975 ; and that the [other option] would have been to close down a number of the company 's european offices .

At the opposite end of the spectrum of alternative art venues is the Schneiderei collective 's presentation until 19 December of American , Alan Uglow 's , ‘ In the Name of the Game ’ , a series of Minimalist paintings executed in the enamel used for street signs and complemented by a sound recording of the noise of a football crowd at Cologne Stadium .
at the opposite end of the spectrum of [other option] art venues is the schneiderei collective 's presentation until 19 december of american , alan uglow 's , ‘ in the name of the game ’ , a series of minimalist paintings executed in the enamel used for street signs and complemented by a sound recording of the noise of a football crowd at cologne stadium .

Albini — unlike many — recalls '80s alternative rock as a time of goofiness .
albini — unlike many — recalls '80s [other option] rock as a time of goofiness .

Row upon row of Alternative Youth give the barely visible figures onstage a rousing reception just for ( virtually ) existing .
row upon row of [other option] youth give the barely visible figures onstage a rousing reception just for ( virtually ) existing .

There is an alternative .
there is an [other option] .

‘ The alternative was putting in a bleep , and that was never going to work .
‘ the [other option] was putting in a bleep , and that was never going to work .

‘ It 's true — there 's a hate campaign against us , in the local alternative nightclub , ’ explains singing drummer Sam marsh .
‘ it 's true — there 's a hate campaign against us , in the local [other option] nightclub , ’ explains singing drummer sam marsh .

Its alternative name of crested macaque is a far more appropriate one .
its [other option] name of crested macaque is a far more appropriate one .

The reasons why this alternative was not adopted in Britain require investigation .
the reasons why this [other option] was not adopted in britain require investigation .

In early retirement older workers have a socially acceptable alternative to the stigma of unemployment , that is not available to younger people ( Bruche and Casey 1982 : 112 ) ; but first they must get close to pension age .
in early retirement older workers have a socially acceptable [other option] to the stigma of unemployment , that is not available to younger people ( bruche and casey 1982 : 112 ) ; but first they must get close to pension age .

When presented with the alternative of long-term unemployment , with no prospect of a job , some semi-skilled and unskilled older workers had no effective choice about early retirement .
when presented with the [other option] of long-term unemployment , with no prospect of a job , some semi-skilled and unskilled older workers had no effective choice about early retirement .

There were still those in the skilled , supervisory , and managerial groups , who might have sought alternative employment and stood a better chance than the majority of finding it , who chose instead to take early retirement .
there were still those in the skilled , supervisory , and managerial groups , who might have sought [other option] employment and stood a better chance than the majority of finding it , who chose instead to take early retirement .

On the other hand , there were those who gave up work reluctantly and would have preferred to have kept on working , but for reasons of health or lack of alternative employment chose early retirement .
on the other hand , there were those who gave up work reluctantly and would have preferred to have kept on working , but for reasons of health or lack of [other option] employment chose early retirement .

It was an alternative to secure employment for some who fit the popular image of the early retired , but for others it was a refuge from economic insecurity in the labour market .
it was an [other option] to secure employment for some who fit the popular image of the early retired , but for others it was a refuge from economic insecurity in the labour market .

The results of the special analysis of the After Redundancy study reported here add to previous research by showing that early retirement must be seen , not only as an alternative to secure employment , but as economic insecurity as well .
the results of the special analysis of the after redundancy study reported here add to previous research by showing that early retirement must be seen , not only as an [other option] to secure employment , but as economic insecurity as well .

There is an amount of innocence and naivety present in their songs that glides over current dour factions in the alternative sector .
there is an amount of innocence and naivety present in their songs that glides over current dour factions in the [other option] sector .

Then came ‘ Gimmie Indie Rock ’ , a funny and sarcastic swipe at all the unit-shifting alternative rock dinosaurs of the time , and some people noticed .
then came ‘ gimmie indie rock ’ , a funny and sarcastic swipe at all the unit-shifting [other option] rock dinosaurs of the time , and some people noticed .

That means , basically , more silly noises , more stoned babbling , a mind-bogglingly cacophonous live version of ‘ Shhh/Peaceful/Very Sleepy Rivers ’ , some fine alternative takes on ‘ Yerself ’ 's best tracks and a burbling , very funny run through Sly Stone 's ‘ If You Want Me To Stay ’ that is funk interpreted by Martian children drunk on paint stripper .
that means , basically , more silly noises , more stoned babbling , a mind-bogglingly cacophonous live version of ‘ shhh/peaceful/very sleepy rivers ’ , some fine [other option] takes on ‘ yerself ’ 's best tracks and a burbling , very funny run through sly stone 's ‘ if you want me to stay ’ that is funk interpreted by martian children drunk on paint stripper .

Is that the alternative that you , and Sinead , want ?
is that the [other option] that you , and sinead , want ?

Projects she devised — mostly for museums and alternative spaces between the years 1971–74 — can be seen from 1 May to 5 June at Brooke Alexander .
projects she devised — mostly for museums and [other option] spaces between the years 1971–74 — can be seen from 1 may to 5 june at brooke alexander .

The inaugural show ‘ Alternative Visions : Liu Dan and Hiromitsu Morimoto ’ ( 23 April-12 June ) juxtaposes a Chinese-American painter with a Japanese-American photographer , and will subsequently travel to four Takashimiya venues in Japan .
the inaugural show ‘ [other option] visions : liu dan and hiromitsu morimoto ’ ( 23 april-12 june ) juxtaposes a chinese-american painter with a japanese-american photographer , and will subsequently travel to four takashimiya venues in japan .

The two trains planned for December have been cancelled and alternative dates have been , or are to be , offered .
the two trains planned for december have been cancelled and [other option] dates have been , or are to be , offered .

An alternative was already available : the idea of a European army .
an [other option] was already available : the idea of a european army .

He is not a man to repeat an experience but to move on and find new adventure in alternative spheres .
he is not a man to repeat an experience but to move on and find new adventure in [other option] spheres .

The stick concealed a rifle microphone , which , after much debate — over the alternative merits of contacts , spikes , tubes , any number of possible bugs — had been manufactured for him .
the stick concealed a rifle microphone , which , after much debate — over the [other option] merits of contacts , spikes , tubes , any number of possible bugs — had been manufactured for him .

Conversely , where an uneven and granulated wash is desirable ( such as in a mixture of ultramarine and burnt umber , which tends to separate and granulate in a very attractive way and is a good alternative to the deadening effects of lamp black ) then water with a high mineral content should be used by stirring a teaspoonful of cement powder or plaster into about half a pint of water , allowing the solids to settle and using the relatively clear overlying liquid .
conversely , where an uneven and granulated wash is desirable ( such as in a mixture of ultramarine and burnt umber , which tends to separate and granulate in a very attractive way and is a good [other option] to the deadening effects of lamp black ) then water with a high mineral content should be used by stirring a teaspoonful of cement powder or plaster into about half a pint of water , allowing the solids to settle and using the relatively clear overlying liquid .

‘ But the alternative , it was argued , was a growing risk of tragedy and a Britain of ‘ vertical deserts ’ where climbers would ultimately be banned from climbing altogether . ’
‘ but the [other option] , it was argued , was a growing risk of tragedy and a britain of ‘ vertical deserts ’ where climbers would ultimately be banned from climbing altogether . ’

Test Pack 2 simply provides an alternative to Test Pack 1 — especially useful if you need to test the same student again , at a later date .
test pack 2 simply provides an [other option] to test pack 1 — especially useful if you need to test the same student again , at a later date .

Alternative plans , however , allow an episode to be expanded to four periods or reduced to only one period where time or access to equipment is limited .
[other option] plans , however , allow an episode to be expanded to four periods or reduced to only one period where time or access to equipment is limited .

The alternative plans allow for each episode of the video to provide the basis for one , two or four lessons .
the [other option] plans allow for each episode of the video to provide the basis for one , two or four lessons .

As the climate of controversy became sharper at the end of the 1780s reformers countered these varieties of the national interest argument both by emphasising the potential for the country in alternative patterns of commerce and production and , more defensively , by trying to reconcile abolition with the nation 's interest in security and order .
as the climate of controversy became sharper at the end of the 1780s reformers countered these varieties of the national interest argument both by emphasising the potential for the country in [other option] patterns of commerce and production and , more defensively , by trying to reconcile abolition with the nation 's interest in security and order .

It was Stephen who was particularly intent on government and parliamentary intervention via a Registry Bill for West Indian slaves and wanted to create an attractive alternative model of agricultural labour by settling free blacks on Trinidad land under metropolitan government control .
it was stephen who was particularly intent on government and parliamentary intervention via a registry bill for west indian slaves and wanted to create an attractive [other option] model of agricultural labour by settling free blacks on trinidad land under metropolitan government control .

In trying to expand legitimate commerce with Africa so as to provide an attractive alternative for both Africans and European traders to slaving , the African Institution proposed spreading information about African products and making communication easier by establishing written versions of African languages .
in trying to expand legitimate commerce with africa so as to provide an attractive [other option] for both africans and european traders to slaving , the african institution proposed spreading information about african products and making communication easier by establishing written versions of african languages .

If the convention as anti-parliament is understood as assuming that the people 's wishes must prevail , that the convention better expressed those wishes than parliament and therefore in any contest between the two popular loyalty should be to the convention , as abolitionists employed it in the 1830s , it was closer to a focus for intensifying ‘ pressure from without ’ than an alternative to parliament .
if the convention as anti-parliament is understood as assuming that the people 's wishes must prevail , that the convention better expressed those wishes than parliament and therefore in any contest between the two popular loyalty should be to the convention , as abolitionists employed it in the 1830s , it was closer to a focus for intensifying ‘ pressure from without ’ than an [other option] to parliament .

It was Clarkson 's response to the stubbornness of West Indian legislatures over amelioration in the mid-1820s to encourage ladies ' antislavery associations to promote abstention as a superior alternative to the use of force by the government .
it was clarkson 's response to the stubbornness of west indian legislatures over amelioration in the mid-1820s to encourage ladies ' antislavery associations to promote abstention as a superior [other option] to the use of force by the government .

James Cropper went further in hoping for , but failing to do anything about , improving the quality of free-labour East Indian sugar as an alternative for British consumers if it was allowed to compete on fairer terms with West India produce .
james cropper went further in hoping for , but failing to do anything about , improving the quality of free-labour east indian sugar as an [other option] for british consumers if it was allowed to compete on fairer terms with west india produce .

The Sheffield Ladies ' committee canvassed the East Indian alternative in the town and reported ‘ grocers have stated the demand for it has been doubled since the commencement of the canvass ’ .
the sheffield ladies ' committee canvassed the east indian [other option] in the town and reported ‘ grocers have stated the demand for it has been doubled since the commencement of the canvass ’ .

Politically , the road ran via numerous conflicts — the Hundred Years ' War , the English Civil War , the French Revolution and the American War of Independence , for example — to the emergence of modern democracy , and through more recent upheavals to the communist alternative .
politically , the road ran via numerous conflicts — the hundred years ' war , the english civil war , the french revolution and the american war of independence , for example — to the emergence of modern democracy , and through more recent upheavals to the communist [other option] .

Several influences combined in this period to help him in the search for an alternative theological approach .
several influences combined in this period to help him in the search for an [other option] theological approach .

This Barth saw as the irreplaceable basis of Christian theology ; and , he insisted , once it had been recognised , there could be no possible reason for casting around in other directions , and certainly not for turning theology back into the contemplation of our own spiritual navels , or for blunting the challenge and promise of the gospel by seeking to reinterpret or ‘ improve ’ it in the terms of some alternative ( and therefore competing ) theological or philosophical frame of reference .
this barth saw as the irreplaceable basis of christian theology ; and , he insisted , once it had been recognised , there could be no possible reason for casting around in other directions , and certainly not for turning theology back into the contemplation of our own spiritual navels , or for blunting the challenge and promise of the gospel by seeking to reinterpret or ‘ improve ’ it in the terms of some [other option] ( and therefore competing ) theological or philosophical frame of reference .

As an alternative to undergravel filters , funds permitting , the use of a power filter is the next best thing .
as an [other option] to undergravel filters , funds permitting , the use of a power filter is the next best thing .

An alternative reason may be a gradual build up of tap-borne toxins .
an [other option] reason may be a gradual build up of tap-borne toxins .

The halls were hardly respectable and they allowed ‘ young bucks ’ to escape for a while to an alternative world that offered not only contact with the masses , humour , and song but also drink , conviviality , and sexual opportunity .
the halls were hardly respectable and they allowed ‘ young bucks ’ to escape for a while to an [other option] world that offered not only contact with the masses , humour , and song but also drink , conviviality , and sexual opportunity .

it is a tempting leap to suggest that sign language may be the natural alternative development when auditory deprivation occurs at birth , but it is clear that objective evidence on this is not easily obtained .
it is a tempting leap to suggest that sign language may be the natural [other option] development when auditory deprivation occurs at birth , but it is clear that objective evidence on this is not easily obtained .

Quigley ( 1979 ) confirms this and uses it as a basis for examining alternative language environments .
quigley ( 1979 ) confirms this and uses it as a basis for examining [other option] language environments .

The studies used as a basis for judgement are generally lacking in control because of the finality of educational decision making and placement ( in the sense that we can not return the child to an original or alternative placement a year later and be able to start from the same point again ) .
the studies used as a basis for judgement are generally lacking in control because of the finality of educational decision making and placement ( in the sense that we can not return the child to an original or [other option] placement a year later and be able to start from the same point again ) .

In addition , the food expert would want to know more about the local conditions and the alternative sources of nourishment available .
in addition , the food expert would want to know more about the local conditions and the [other option] sources of nourishment available .

Rockwool mineral wool in blanket form is an effective alternative to glass fibre . Vacuum between joists and check for signs of insect attack before applying any form of insulation to the loft
rockwool mineral wool in blanket form is an effective [other option] to glass fibre . vacuum between joists and check for signs of insect attack before applying any form of insulation to the loft

The alternative approach is to insulate the roof on the outside , but this is really worth considering only if the roof covering needs renewing anyway .
the [other option] approach is to insulate the roof on the outside , but this is really worth considering only if the roof covering needs renewing anyway .

Laying hardboard : Covering the existing boards with a hardboard underlay is an alternative to floor sanding , which leaves a smooth , flat surface , ideal for thin sheet floorcoverings .
laying hardboard : covering the existing boards with a hardboard underlay is an [other option] to floor sanding , which leaves a smooth , flat surface , ideal for thin sheet floorcoverings .

No longer is the concern a simple alternative — local autonomy or centralisation .
no longer is the concern a simple [other option] — local autonomy or centralisation .

The alternative to consensus is often disaster .
the [other option] to consensus is often disaster .

These alternative procedures are summarised by the expressions ‘ fitting the man to the job ’ or ‘ fitting the job to the man ’ .
these [other option] procedures are summarised by the expressions ‘ fitting the man to the job ’ or ‘ fitting the job to the man ’ .

Given the alternative of storage internally in the mind or externally in a file ( paper-based or computer-based ) external records are much superior for literal reproductions at least in western societies ( there is anecdotal evidence concerning illiterate traders in other cultures who seem to have remarkable memories for detailed facts and numbers connected with their personal business ) .
given the [other option] of storage internally in the mind or externally in a file ( paper-based or computer-based ) external records are much superior for literal reproductions at least in western societies ( there is anecdotal evidence concerning illiterate traders in other cultures who seem to have remarkable memories for detailed facts and numbers connected with their personal business ) .

For these reasons it is difficult to generate principles of interviewing , there are always alternative viewpoints and exceptions . for example :
for these reasons it is difficult to generate principles of interviewing , there are always [other option] viewpoints and exceptions . for example :

And desire and dedication are easier to come by when the alternative is a one-way ticket back to the ghetto .
and desire and dedication are easier to come by when the [other option] is a one-way ticket back to the ghetto .

Answers came in the form of an alternative world championship for the excluded black boxers .
answers came in the form of an [other option] world championship for the excluded black boxers .

Black kids , suspicious and pessimistic about their chances of gaining success in regular employment in the ‘ system ’ , look to alternative models upon which to base their own roles in society .
black kids , suspicious and pessimistic about their chances of gaining success in regular employment in the ‘ system ’ , look to [other option] models upon which to base their own roles in society .

Moss Green was a custom-built community school , with a commitment to multicultural education and a staff who were used to implementing innovations such as open-plan classrooms , and , more recently , an alternative curriculum for fourth and fifth years .
moss green was a custom-built community school , with a commitment to multicultural education and a staff who were used to implementing innovations such as open-plan classrooms , and , more recently , an [other option] curriculum for fourth and fifth years .

’ Hanson 's study of art education and Dodd 's work on technology offer similar evidence.a The latter speaking of the Crowther Report noted that they had shown how ‘ an alternative route to knowledge ’ lay through practical subjects which did not destroy the intellectual curiosity of the pupil in the way associated with the ‘ academic ’ ones .
’ hanson 's study of art education and dodd 's work on technology offer similar evidence.a the latter speaking of the crowther report noted that they had shown how ‘ an [other option] route to knowledge ’ lay through practical subjects which did not destroy the intellectual curiosity of the pupil in the way associated with the ‘ academic ’ ones .

These approaches have a preoccupation with the activities of ordinary people rather than with important figures and are concerned with providing an alternative perspective on our past .
these approaches have a preoccupation with the activities of ordinary people rather than with important figures and are concerned with providing an [other option] perspective on our past .

An alternative classification , used by some researchers and policy makers , is that which distinguishes pupils on the basis of some aspect of their social and educational experiences .
an [other option] classification , used by some researchers and policy makers , is that which distinguishes pupils on the basis of some aspect of their social and educational experiences .

Teachers are asked to develop an alternative female culture of achievement and independence which will compensate for the romanticism , dependency and passivity found amongst women in society .
teachers are asked to develop an [other option] female culture of achievement and independence which will compensate for the romanticism , dependency and passivity found amongst women in society .

Stemming from the differing interpretations of the educational problems posed by black and female pupils outlined in the previous section , a range of alternative policies may be introduced into schools .
stemming from the differing interpretations of the educational problems posed by black and female pupils outlined in the previous section , a range of [other option] policies may be introduced into schools .

Although the numbers of single sex schools have declined dramatically during the past three decades , girls-only schools have been supported as a desirable alternative to coeducation in some LEAs .
although the numbers of single sex schools have declined dramatically during the past three decades , girls-only schools have been supported as a desirable [other option] to coeducation in some leas .

The term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the external environment .
the term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between [other option] possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the external environment .

Also , in parallel with the United States , the influence of public policy seems to have been an additional factor of some importance since it has been observed that the policy of the occupying powers after 1947 probably strengthened the tendency to form enterprise-based unions rather than alternative structures for bargaining purposes ( Levine , 1981 ) .
also , in parallel with the united states , the influence of public policy seems to have been an additional factor of some importance since it has been observed that the policy of the occupying powers after 1947 probably strengthened the tendency to form enterprise-based unions rather than [other option] structures for bargaining purposes ( levine , 1981 ) .

If one agrees with the view of Sharpe , White , , and Bernard that prior to 1625 predestination had merely been one of a number of alternative doctrines vying for supremacy within the church , the rise to power of the Laudians represented little more than another swing of a theological pendulum which had been fluctuating wildly since 1560 .
if one agrees with the view of sharpe , white , , and bernard that prior to 1625 predestination had merely been one of a number of [other option] doctrines vying for supremacy within the church , the rise to power of the laudians represented little more than another swing of a theological pendulum which had been fluctuating wildly since 1560 .

There can be little doubt that the liturgical policies of these Arminian prelates engendered very deep frustrations , fuelled anxieties about a Catholic insurrection , and produced an increase in support for the alternative , non-episcopalian , Presbyterian system of church government .
there can be little doubt that the liturgical policies of these arminian prelates engendered very deep frustrations , fuelled anxieties about a catholic insurrection , and produced an increase in support for the [other option] , non-episcopalian , presbyterian system of church government .

During these same months , Henry was also pursuing an alternative strategy to obtain the annulment by sending his agents to rifle through archives in England and on the continent in the hope of uncovering precedents to support his claim that the pope had no right of judgment over his marriage .
during these same months , henry was also pursuing an [other option] strategy to obtain the annulment by sending his agents to rifle through archives in england and on the continent in the hope of uncovering precedents to support his claim that the pope had no right of judgment over his marriage .

Indeed , in the eyes of some , the clergyman and the wizard continued to represent little more than alternative conduits of a much needed protective magic .
indeed , in the eyes of some , the clergyman and the wizard continued to represent little more than [other option] conduits of a much needed protective magic .

The Puritans — who have sometimes been given the useful alternative title ‘ the hotter sort of Protestants ’ and are now increasingly referred to by historians as ‘ the godly ’ — did not necessarily uphold different beliefs from the moderates , but their religious activities generally occupied a far greater proportion of their time and energy .
the puritans — who have sometimes been given the useful [other option] title ‘ the hotter sort of protestants ’ and are now increasingly referred to by historians as ‘ the godly ’ — did not necessarily uphold different beliefs from the moderates , but their religious activities generally occupied a far greater proportion of their time and energy .

The majority of the other group of mainstream Protestants , so frequently castigated by these Puritans , held fast to an alternative religious outlook which , if perhaps more relaxed , was often no less valid or deeply felt .
the majority of the other group of mainstream protestants , so frequently castigated by these puritans , held fast to an [other option] religious outlook which , if perhaps more relaxed , was often no less valid or deeply felt .

Scheer , therefore , reverted to an earlier , alternative plan .
scheer , therefore , reverted to an earlier , [other option] plan .

His father had first been replaced by an elder brother , then by one teacher , then another dominating man … his younger sisters were his nieces , his older sisters more like aunts , the brothers like uncles , the cousins like brothers , the real aunts like mothers … he had many alternative worlds .
his father had first been replaced by an elder brother , then by one teacher , then another dominating man … his younger sisters were his nieces , his older sisters more like aunts , the brothers like uncles , the cousins like brothers , the real aunts like mothers … he had many [other option] worlds .

If you really ca n't save your existing windows , then wholesale replacement is the only alternative .
if you really ca n't save your existing windows , then wholesale replacement is the only [other option] .

If you have difficulty removing varnish which has soaked into the wood grain , the alternative is to use a varnish stain , which colours and varnishes in one coat .
if you have difficulty removing varnish which has soaked into the wood grain , the [other option] is to use a varnish stain , which colours and varnishes in one coat .

Christian dualism , however , is not a philosophical dualism , because the concept of a rebel is not an alternative god : it is a creature trying to be God .
christian dualism , however , is not a philosophical dualism , because the concept of a rebel is not an [other option] god : it is a creature trying to be god .

Even the thought of this plan seemed dreadful to Mildred , who could see how such a course of action was fraught with danger , but there really was no alternative if she was to help the frog-magician .
even the thought of this plan seemed dreadful to mildred , who could see how such a course of action was fraught with danger , but there really was no [other option] if she was to help the frog-magician .

There was no alternative but to make a dash to the magician before anyone could catch her .
there was no [other option] but to make a dash to the magician before anyone could catch her .

It emphasized that there was no alternative to their rule .
it emphasized that there was no [other option] to their rule .

Therefore , it provides a multi-purpose connective which is particularly useful when we are producing speech without pause for planning or time for selecting a precise alternative .
therefore , it provides a multi-purpose connective which is particularly useful when we are producing speech without pause for planning or time for selecting a precise [other option] .

They will need to take account of meaning , of appropriateness to audience and purpose , and of structure — since , unlike and , some of the alternative connectives are not tied to the beginning of the sentence , e.g .
they will need to take account of meaning , of appropriateness to audience and purpose , and of structure — since , unlike and , some of the [other option] connectives are not tied to the beginning of the sentence , e.g .

It also demonstrates that alternative behaviour patterns may well be more desirable and effective , and these can be tested out within the safety of drama .
it also demonstrates that [other option] behaviour patterns may well be more desirable and effective , and these can be tested out within the safety of drama .

But where their particular disability impairs their access to the curriculum , this access should be facilitated by alternative means , and it should be recognised that the problem of access may hinder their initial progress , though they may be expected to catch up later .
but where their particular disability impairs their access to the curriculum , this access should be facilitated by [other option] means , and it should be recognised that the problem of access may hinder their initial progress , though they may be expected to catch up later .

They might therefore be exempted from — or given modified — handwriting and presentation targets and , depending on the degree of impairment , undertake the writing tasks through alternative means of communication , using technological aids .
they might therefore be exempted from — or given modified — handwriting and presentation targets and , depending on the degree of impairment , undertake the writing tasks through [other option] means of communication , using technological aids .

This last proverb sums up a traditional view of debt as a last-resort means of affording necessities , when the alternative would be immediate hardship , perhaps disaster .
this last proverb sums up a traditional view of debt as a last-resort means of affording necessities , when the [other option] would be immediate hardship , perhaps disaster .

Making an allowance for this , and taking into account the proportion of members ' savings actually loaned out , would put the effective cost of credit union loans at the time of this comparison at around 17.5 per cent : still as cheap as the very cheapest commercial alternative then , and much cheaper than most .
making an allowance for this , and taking into account the proportion of members ' savings actually loaned out , would put the effective cost of credit union loans at the time of this comparison at around 17.5 per cent : still as cheap as the very cheapest commercial [other option] then , and much cheaper than most .

The reason for raising here the complexities of inflation , and savings as an alternative , is that as can be seen from Appendix 1 .
the reason for raising here the complexities of inflation , and savings as an [other option] , is that as can be seen from appendix 1 .

especially if they consider saving up to buy as an alternative .
especially if they consider saving up to buy as an [other option] .

The reason that people do not generally look into alternative credit terms in any detail certainly is not that they feel pushed willy-nilly into one particular type of credit .
the reason that people do not generally look into [other option] credit terms in any detail certainly is not that they feel pushed willy-nilly into one particular type of credit .

But the list might give some idea of the maximum proportions of people who might think of some other form of credit as a potential alternative , when actually offered any particular type of credit .
but the list might give some idea of the maximum proportions of people who might think of some other form of credit as a potential [other option] , when actually offered any particular type of credit .

However , the repetitive nature of this type of credit is in itself a barrier against its users weighing up the advantages of credit which does not involve weekly collection — and perhaps against them considering cash as an alternative .
however , the repetitive nature of this type of credit is in itself a barrier against its users weighing up the advantages of credit which does not involve weekly collection — and perhaps against them considering cash as an [other option] .

Only five per cent of those who bought for cash said they had even considered credit as an alternative .
only five per cent of those who bought for cash said they had even considered credit as an [other option] .

This excursion offers an interesting alternative to the ever-popular classic testpiece of the Pennines — the Marsden to Edale bogtrot .
this excursion offers an interesting [other option] to the ever-popular classic testpiece of the pennines — the marsden to edale bogtrot .

The same pair made an alternative and easier second pitch to Megaton , taking a crack in the slab 10 feet right of the normal line .
the same pair made an [other option] and easier second pitch to megaton , taking a crack in the slab 10 feet right of the normal line .

An alternative method is to glue all mitred edges then enclose in a frame clamp . Tighten and leave joints to set overnight , then drive in your pins ( do n't forget starter holes , especially in hardwood or very thin mouldings , which may split )
an [other option] method is to glue all mitred edges then enclose in a frame clamp . tighten and leave joints to set overnight , then drive in your pins ( do n't forget starter holes , especially in hardwood or very thin mouldings , which may split )

It is possible to regrind the seating , but an alternative which most will find easier is to buy a reseating set .
it is possible to regrind the seating , but an [other option] which most will find easier is to buy a reseating set .

The simplest way or wiring is to link in to an existing socket , but the alternative is to connect direct into the ring circuit cable using a three-dimensional junction box . The cable is cut and wired into the box , then the spur taken from the three terminals
the simplest way or wiring is to link in to an existing socket , but the [other option] is to connect direct into the ring circuit cable using a three-dimensional junction box . the cable is cut and wired into the box , then the spur taken from the three terminals

But there is a clean alternative which involves the use of special washers , available in kit form .
but there is a clean [other option] which involves the use of special washers , available in kit form .

Liquified petroleum gas ( lpg ) is a viable alternative for homes without mains gas supplies .
liquified petroleum gas ( lpg ) is a viable [other option] for homes without mains gas supplies .

Oil is available throughout the country , so it may be a viable alternative to gas if this is unavailable ; it 's certainly cheaper to use than lpg ; and installation costs are similar .
oil is available throughout the country , so it may be a viable [other option] to gas if this is unavailable ; it 's certainly cheaper to use than lpg ; and installation costs are similar .

However , recent changes in the water bye-laws and the Building Regulations now permit the installation of continental-type sealed systems ( which need no feed-and-expansion tank ) as an alternative .
however , recent changes in the water bye-laws and the building regulations now permit the installation of continental-type sealed systems ( which need no feed-and-expansion tank ) as an [other option] .

The alternative to this is a separate , electrically heated towel rail .
the [other option] to this is a separate , electrically heated towel rail .

This is the alternative accepted by Kraft .
this is the [other option] accepted by kraft .

The homogeneous unit concept provides a valuable alternative map by which to gauge the Church 's effectiveness in relation to the ‘ mosaic ’ of peoples which make up the population of the British Isles .
the homogeneous unit concept provides a valuable [other option] map by which to gauge the church 's effectiveness in relation to the ‘ mosaic ’ of peoples which make up the population of the british isles .

It provides an alternative map to complement the geographical one most commonly used , which , when exclusive , may mask as much as it reveals .
it provides an [other option] map to complement the geographical one most commonly used , which , when exclusive , may mask as much as it reveals .

An alternative in churches where hymn books are given out is to note the empty spaces in the shelves where they are stacked or count those that remain and deduct them from the total .
an [other option] in churches where hymn books are given out is to note the empty spaces in the shelves where they are stacked or count those that remain and deduct them from the total .

An alternative scheme is to keep a record of the service sheets which are frequently distributed in churches of this size .
an [other option] scheme is to keep a record of the service sheets which are frequently distributed in churches of this size .

The gospel touched their lives at the point of loneliness , so the church opened a day care centre providing a lounge with comfortable chairs and a hot meal as an alternative to depending on the local authority ‘ meals on wheels ’ .
the gospel touched their lives at the point of loneliness , so the church opened a day care centre providing a lounge with comfortable chairs and a hot meal as an [other option] to depending on the local authority ‘ meals on wheels ’ .

Alternative Medicine — Aromatherapy
[other option] medicine — aromatherapy

Fiona Gennis continues her series on Alternative Medicines .
fiona gennis continues her series on [other option] medicines .

‘ The alternative , Nick , is much much worse . ’
‘ the [other option] , nick , is much much worse . ’

‘ What alternative ? ’
‘ what [other option] ? ’

The alternative was to wait a further two or three years until a civil case could reach a hearing in the overcrowded Northern Ireland courts and then to endeavour to fight it with the state using against him the formidable privileges and stratagems available to it .
the [other option] was to wait a further two or three years until a civil case could reach a hearing in the overcrowded northern ireland courts and then to endeavour to fight it with the state using against him the formidable privileges and stratagems available to it .

The Underground has become an alternative gallery for artist 's work .
the underground has become an [other option] gallery for artist 's work .

Tempera is the normal alternative to oil for overpainting gold , but you may be able to use a thin layer of tempera or even saliva rubbed into the surface as a preparation for acrylics .
tempera is the normal [other option] to oil for overpainting gold , but you may be able to use a thin layer of tempera or even saliva rubbed into the surface as a preparation for acrylics .

Every copy of the Licensed Software licensed to end-users will be protected by a hardware protection device until such time as an alternative means of protection is agreed between , and .
every copy of the licensed software licensed to end-users will be protected by a hardware protection device until such time as an [other option] means of protection is agreed between , and .

5.3 During any notice period to terminate the Publisher shall be entitled to negotiate and appoint an alternative distributor of its Publications within the Territory
5.3 during any notice period to terminate the publisher shall be entitled to negotiate and appoint an [other option] distributor of its publications within the territory

13.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Proprietor on that edition .
13.2 should the proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an [other option] writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider appropriate and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the [other option] writer(s) from royalties payable to the proprietor on that edition .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or [other option] directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or [other option] directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

Should the Programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the Program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the Programmer 's breach ) to terminating this Agreement the Publisher , after giving the Programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the Program by another programmer on terms that the Publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the Programmer under Clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the Programmer will immediately deliver to the Publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .
should the programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the program by the agreed date , then as an [other option] ( in the case of the programmer 's breach ) to terminating this agreement the publisher , after giving the programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the program by another programmer on terms that the publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the programmer under clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the programmer will immediately deliver to the publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .

Should the Programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the Program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the Programmer 's breach ) to terminating this Agreement the Publisher , after giving the Programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the Program by another programmer on terms that the Publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the Programmer under Clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the Programmer will immediately deliver to the Publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .
should the programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the program by the agreed date , then as an [other option] ( in the case of the programmer 's breach ) to terminating this agreement the publisher , after giving the programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the program by another programmer on terms that the publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the programmer under clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the programmer will immediately deliver to the publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .

13.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Company on that edition .
13.2 should the company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an [other option] writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider appropriate and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the [other option] writer(s) from royalties payable to the company on that edition .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or [other option] directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

Labourism influenced working-class intervention in the formal political sphere through the Labour Party , but it also reached into trade unionism and determined attitudes to alternative bodies of political thought such as toryism , Marxism and fascism .
labourism influenced working-class intervention in the formal political sphere through the labour party , but it also reached into trade unionism and determined attitudes to [other option] bodies of political thought such as toryism , marxism and fascism .

Thus structures facilitate ‘ mutualist ’ struggle in which workers aim to establish alternative and independent markets for production and distribution , ‘ economistic ’ struggle to increase job security within extant relations of production , and ‘ statist ’ struggle to promote interests through enlisting the aid of the state principally through legislative enactment .
thus structures facilitate ‘ mutualist ’ struggle in which workers aim to establish [other option] and independent markets for production and distribution , ‘ economistic ’ struggle to increase job security within extant relations of production , and ‘ statist ’ struggle to promote interests through enlisting the aid of the state principally through legislative enactment .

To explore this , Chapter 5 attempts to locate formal labourism within wider aspects of popular culture , work and the home , and speculates on the relevance of alternative political traditions to an understanding of the contemporary basis of Labour Party support .
to explore this , chapter 5 attempts to locate formal labourism within wider aspects of popular culture , work and the home , and speculates on the relevance of [other option] political traditions to an understanding of the contemporary basis of labour party support .

Alternative accommodation in the metropolitan area for a new breed of large steamships had become a matter of some urgency .
[other option] accommodation in the metropolitan area for a new breed of large steamships had become a matter of some urgency .

Since cooperation was mutual trading — a genuine alternative to traditional retailing which existed to generate profit — the act of levying a profits tax challenged the integrity and identity of the movement , endowing it with the same status as private trading .
since cooperation was mutual trading — a genuine [other option] to traditional retailing which existed to generate profit — the act of levying a profits tax challenged the integrity and identity of the movement , endowing it with the same status as private trading .

What alternative was offered , and how can we account for its lack of success and ultimate demise in the interwar period ?
what [other option] was offered , and how can we account for its lack of success and ultimate demise in the interwar period ?

Within the antisocialist camp Liberalism occupied a subordinate position , forfeiting a tradition of Radical progressivism that had informed much of the alternative municipal discourse during the 1890s , and leading to its extinction as a force in local politics .
within the antisocialist camp liberalism occupied a subordinate position , forfeiting a tradition of radical progressivism that had informed much of the [other option] municipal discourse during the 1890s , and leading to its extinction as a force in local politics .

The demands of party competition mean that alternative political leaderships will sustain the popular belief that full leadership control is feasible , even while impugning the current incumbents ' realization of this potential .
the demands of party competition mean that [other option] political leaderships will sustain the popular belief that full leadership control is feasible , even while impugning the current incumbents ' realization of this potential .

For any particular political objective , administrators can break down all the consequences which will flow from alternative modes of implementing it , mapping out a decision tree and attaching costs , benefits and probabilities to each possible outcome .
for any particular political objective , administrators can break down all the consequences which will flow from [other option] modes of implementing it , mapping out a decision tree and attaching costs , benefits and probabilities to each possible outcome .

In this model rational policy-making is simply the selection of that alternative which delivers the greatest benefits net of costs ( from the elite 's perspective ) , a conception known variously as ‘ optimal ’ decision-making ( Arrow , 1951 ) , ‘ comprehensive unbounded rationality ’ ( Simon , 1957a ) , or ‘ synoptic ’ decision-making ( Lindblom , 1977 ) .
in this model rational policy-making is simply the selection of that [other option] which delivers the greatest benefits net of costs ( from the elite 's perspective ) , a conception known variously as ‘ optimal ’ decision-making ( arrow , 1951 ) , ‘ comprehensive unbounded rationality ’ ( simon , 1957a ) , or ‘ synoptic ’ decision-making ( lindblom , 1977 ) .

The state can be conveniently thought of as a rational , unitary decision-maker ( Allison , 1971 , p. 32 ) which has one set of specified goals , one set of perceived options , and a single estimate of the consequences which follow from each alternative available to it .
the state can be conveniently thought of as a rational , unitary decision-maker ( allison , 1971 , p. 32 ) which has one set of specified goals , one set of perceived options , and a single estimate of the consequences which follow from each [other option] available to it .

More revisionist radical elite theorists have an alternative concept , ‘ technocracy ’ , to describe administrative elites who operate primarily in their own interests , or according to their own professional norms , rather than being beholden to outside elites .
more revisionist radical elite theorists have an [other option] concept , ‘ technocracy ’ , to describe administrative elites who operate primarily in their own interests , or according to their own professional norms , rather than being beholden to outside elites .

Some Western Marxists left the Communist fold over the suppression of the Hungarian uprising in 1956 and the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia , swelling the Trotskyist splinter groups who defended an alternative interpretation of revolutionary Marxism through the Stalinist period .
some western marxists left the communist fold over the suppression of the hungarian uprising in 1956 and the 1968 invasion of czechoslovakia , swelling the trotskyist splinter groups who defended an [other option] interpretation of revolutionary marxism through the stalinist period .

On the contrary it must be organized as a ‘ counter-hegemonic project ’ : as an alternative society , countering and replacing bourgeois ideas and practices in all aspects of life .
on the contrary it must be organized as a ‘ counter-hegemonic project ’ : as an [other option] society , countering and replacing bourgeois ideas and practices in all aspects of life .

These strategies for grappling with the explanation of most liberal democracies ' stability do little to reduce the problems that Marxist theorists confront in coming to terms with an enduring political alternative to state socialism , and one which most Western Marxists seem to find preferable to the Stalinist forms of state socialism .
these strategies for grappling with the explanation of most liberal democracies ' stability do little to reduce the problems that marxist theorists confront in coming to terms with an enduring political [other option] to state socialism , and one which most western marxists seem to find preferable to the stalinist forms of state socialism .

For those who wished to retain belief in the conspiracy explanation of modern political events , an alternative version was supplied by the Morning Post , the Patriot and the publications of the Boswell Publishing Company .
for those who wished to retain belief in the conspiracy explanation of modern political events , an [other option] version was supplied by the morning post , the patriot and the publications of the boswell publishing company .

The alternative to the Protocols as a base to the conspiracy theory was the revival of the French counter-revolutionary tradition , which had been developed in the first articles in the ‘ Cause of World Unrest ’ disclosures in the Morning Post in July 1920 , and was handed down to posterity in more permanent form in Nesta Webster 's version of world history .
the [other option] to the protocols as a base to the conspiracy theory was the revival of the french counter-revolutionary tradition , which had been developed in the first articles in the ‘ cause of world unrest ’ disclosures in the morning post in july 1920 , and was handed down to posterity in more permanent form in nesta webster 's version of world history .

These were the self-proclaimed ‘ Jew wise ’ , i an odd mixture of reactionary conservatives and racial fascist enthusiasts whose obsession with political anti-semitism was to lead to an alternative tradition in British fascism to that provided by Mosley .
these were the self-proclaimed ‘ jew wise ’ , i an odd mixture of reactionary conservatives and racial fascist enthusiasts whose obsession with political anti-semitism was to lead to an [other option] tradition in british fascism to that provided by mosley .

In fact it is the Third World subject , the authentic founder of Black Studies , the original academic discipline devoted to the study and understanding of alternative cultures , institutions and beliefs .
in fact it is the third world subject , the authentic founder of black studies , the original academic discipline devoted to the study and understanding of [other option] cultures , institutions and beliefs .

At the same time , it is not alone in the field : there are alternative mystical explanations of misfortune .
at the same time , it is not alone in the field : there are [other option] mystical explanations of misfortune .

Amongst the Lugbara there are thus at least two alternative mystical theories of disease and affliction .
amongst the lugbara there are thus at least two [other option] mystical theories of disease and affliction .

However , it is a problem to find an alternative approach .
however , it is a problem to find an [other option] approach .

Sometimes Bentham is represented as having held a significantly different view from that just described , according to which an action which it is right for me to do at any moment is either one which produces a greater surplus of pleasure over pain than any alternative action then open to me ( in which case it is the one right action ) or produces as great a surplus as any alternative ( in which case it is a right action ) , while all actions not thus right are wrong .
sometimes bentham is represented as having held a significantly different view from that just described , according to which an action which it is right for me to do at any moment is either one which produces a greater surplus of pleasure over pain than any [other option] action then open to me ( in which case it is the one right action ) or produces as great a surplus as any [other option] ( in which case it is a right action ) , while all actions not thus right are wrong .

Secondly there are things which would have occurred , if he had not acted thus , but not as consequences of some alternative action of his .
secondly there are things which would have occurred , if he had not acted thus , but not as consequences of some [other option] action of his .

Thus in choosing between two alternative sets of pleasure one can not necessarily decide which is preferable by an arithmetical calculation , nor could one necessarily do so even if one was omniscient .
thus in choosing between two [other option] sets of pleasure one can not necessarily decide which is preferable by an arithmetical calculation , nor could one necessarily do so even if one was omniscient .

We can find the beginnings of an alternative defence of utilitarianism , not turning merely on a question begging appeal to the meaning of ethical words , in Bentham .
we can find the beginnings of an [other option] defence of utilitarianism , not turning merely on a question begging appeal to the meaning of ethical words , in bentham .

Perhaps Mill 's qualitative utilitarianism points towards a better alternative to the view that pleasure and pain are simply some kind of uniform sensation of which we want respectively , as much and as little as possible .
perhaps mill 's qualitative utilitarianism points towards a better [other option] to the view that pleasure and pain are simply some kind of uniform sensation of which we want respectively , as much and as little as possible .

An alternative very different conclusion which some might draw from the method of isolation is that only some vast whole like that of planet earth and all life on it at large can have intrinsic value .
an [other option] very different conclusion which some might draw from the method of isolation is that only some vast whole like that of planet earth and all life on it at large can have intrinsic value .

For , according to Moore , to say that an action would be right is to say that the total results of doing it would be at least as good as would be those of doing any alternative .
for , according to moore , to say that an action would be right is to say that the total results of doing it would be at least as good as would be those of doing any [other option] .

To say that it is a duty to do it is to say that its consequences would be better than those which would ensue from any alternative .
to say that it is a duty to do it is to say that its consequences would be better than those which would ensue from any [other option] .

However , if there are one or more alternative acts which also possess some characteristic which similarly gives rise to prima facie obligatoriness , then only one of them can be all-things-considered obligatory .
however , if there are one or more [other option] acts which also possess some characteristic which similarly gives rise to prima facie obligatoriness , then only one of them can be all-things-considered obligatory .

Thus intuition comes in twice , firstly to tell us general truths to the effect that certain natural characteristics bestow prima facie obligatoriness , and secondly to tell us which of various alternative acts is more stringently obligatory .
thus intuition comes in twice , firstly to tell us general truths to the effect that certain natural characteristics bestow prima facie obligatoriness , and secondly to tell us which of various [other option] acts is more stringently obligatory .

Hume and Kant ( 1724–1804 ) are two towering giants of philosophy and our brief indications of their positions on morality — which must tear them from their systems as a whole — may irritate the knowledgeable , but with the space at my disposal and the particular purpose of supplying background to Part Two of this work , the only alternative was to ignore them altogether .
hume and kant ( 1724–1804 ) are two towering giants of philosophy and our brief indications of their positions on morality — which must tear them from their systems as a whole — may irritate the knowledgeable , but with the space at my disposal and the particular purpose of supplying background to part two of this work , the only [other option] was to ignore them altogether .

Kant gives several alternative formulations of the basic principle of the categorical imperative , which he believes have the same essential content but present different aspects of it to our thought .
kant gives several [other option] formulations of the basic principle of the categorical imperative , which he believes have the same essential content but present different aspects of it to our thought .

eight general crisis centres , with or without beds , alternative psycho-social centres based largely on religious principles , specialized services for youngsters , outreaching services as part of community mental health centres and emergency room services as part of the general hospitals .
eight general crisis centres , with or without beds , [other option] psycho-social centres based largely on religious principles , specialized services for youngsters , outreaching services as part of community mental health centres and emergency room services as part of the general hospitals .

The search for alternative means of supplying services might derive its urgency from perceived rather than real crisis , and more particularly a disenchantment with state social planning as such .
the search for [other option] means of supplying services might derive its urgency from perceived rather than real crisis , and more particularly a disenchantment with state social planning as such .

Despite long negotiations with the local authority planning department , the site did not figure in their 1982 County Plan for residential development and alternative health service uses were therefore being canvassed .
despite long negotiations with the local authority planning department , the site did not figure in their 1982 county plan for residential development and [other option] health service uses were therefore being canvassed .

By the beginning of 1986 , when alternative facilities were being planned for the combined residual population of both St Wulstan 's and Powick , it had been recognized that
by the beginning of 1986 , when [other option] facilities were being planned for the combined residual population of both st wulstan 's and powick , it had been recognized that

It is essential that alternative accommodation should be very varied in type and support to give the greatest degree of independence to patients commensurate with their disabilities and to enable adjustments to be made in small steps .
it is essential that [other option] accommodation should be very varied in type and support to give the greatest degree of independence to patients commensurate with their disabilities and to enable adjustments to be made in small steps .

It is the advice of Consultant Psychiatrists at Banstead and Horton that while there may be a ‘ small number of patients in other categories who might be suitable on an individual basis for transfer to appropriate alternative facilities , there is only one category of patient which can seriously be considered for transfer .
it is the advice of consultant psychiatrists at banstead and horton that while there may be a ‘ small number of patients in other categories who might be suitable on an individual basis for transfer to appropriate [other option] facilities , there is only one category of patient which can seriously be considered for transfer .

Until the 1640s the colonies had taken it for granted that they would trade only with England , partly because Charles 's government gave orders that they should , partly because the hostile Spanish colonies offered them no real alternative .
until the 1640s the colonies had taken it for granted that they would trade only with england , partly because charles 's government gave orders that they should , partly because the hostile spanish colonies offered them no real [other option] .

The Chinese market for it already existed , and the Company also found a new market for it in England , where it was used as a narcotic and as a pain-killer , for which it was much more satisfactory than the only available alternative , alcohol .
the chinese market for it already existed , and the company also found a new market for it in england , where it was used as a narcotic and as a pain-killer , for which it was much more satisfactory than the only available [other option] , alcohol .

This was greeted with mixed feelings in America , but treating the world outside Europe as a handy alternative to the gallows certainly showed a brisk and practical approach .
this was greeted with mixed feelings in america , but treating the world outside europe as a handy [other option] to the gallows certainly showed a brisk and practical approach .

More usually , however , the denial of the sex motive is more readily accepted if there is an alternative explanation .
more usually , however , the denial of the sex motive is more readily accepted if there is an [other option] explanation .

HyperSparc is Cypress ' Mbus-compatible alternative to the Texas Instruments Inc superscalar SuperSparc chip ( or Viking as it is often referred to ) , which Sun Microsystems Inc is using in its new generation of Sparcstation 10 systems .
hypersparc is cypress ' mbus-compatible [other option] to the texas instruments inc superscalar supersparc chip ( or viking as it is often referred to ) , which sun microsystems inc is using in its new generation of sparcstation 10 systems .

They are more difficult to obtain than condoms , so you may find cutting a condom in half a useful alternative .
they are more difficult to obtain than condoms , so you may find cutting a condom in half a useful [other option] .

Greek conscientious objectors are not allowed to perform civilian alternative service but instead may perform unarmed military service lasting twice as long as normal military service .
greek conscientious objectors are not allowed to perform civilian [other option] service but instead may perform unarmed military service lasting twice as long as normal military service .

Amnesty International considers all of them to be prisoners of conscience and has repeatedly called on successive Greek Governments to release them and introduce alternative civilian service of non-punitive length .
amnesty international considers all of them to be prisoners of conscience and has repeatedly called on successive greek governments to release them and introduce [other option] civilian service of non-punitive length .

Suddenly , parents had an alternative to Baron 's Court when they sought help and sponsorship for would-be players .
suddenly , parents had an [other option] to baron 's court when they sought help and sponsorship for would-be players .

Sometimes , alternative schemes may be able to satisfy some of these demands more effectively .
sometimes , [other option] schemes may be able to satisfy some of these demands more effectively .

The Legume Pathologist works within a multidisciplinary team seeking ways to stabilise and increase production of cool season food and forage legumes through improved pest resistance and alternative controls for common diseases , with major emphasis on basic and applied research related to Ascochyta blight , root-rot , rust and wilt in lentil and chickpea . Main responsibilities include :
the legume pathologist works within a multidisciplinary team seeking ways to stabilise and increase production of cool season food and forage legumes through improved pest resistance and [other option] controls for common diseases , with major emphasis on basic and applied research related to ascochyta blight , root-rot , rust and wilt in lentil and chickpea . main responsibilities include :

• Develop and implement collaborative research programs with breeders in host-plant resistance and appropriate alternative control measures ;
• develop and implement collaborative research programs with breeders in host-plant resistance and appropriate [other option] control measures ;

Earned PhD in plant pathology , with at least five years ' research experience in host-plant resistance and alternative control measures .
earned phd in plant pathology , with at least five years ' research experience in host-plant resistance and [other option] control measures .

New programmes for the next three years include a research study on women in the media in some Asian countries , workshops in South Asia for women 's alternative media , and a wider concern for advocacy in women 's media issues .
new programmes for the next three years include a research study on women in the media in some asian countries , workshops in south asia for women 's [other option] media , and a wider concern for advocacy in women 's media issues .

Recommendations may include safety factors in practical areas , for instance , home economics or chemistry , and suggested alternative activities in cases where sight loss is so severe that the general activity is inappropriate , for example , judo or weight lifting instead of football .
recommendations may include safety factors in practical areas , for instance , home economics or chemistry , and suggested [other option] activities in cases where sight loss is so severe that the general activity is inappropriate , for example , judo or weight lifting instead of football .

Time Out has repeatedly pledged its support for the Famous Compere 's Policedog ( alternative cabaret event ) through sponsorship and advertising .
time out has repeatedly pledged its support for the famous compere 's policedog ( [other option] cabaret event ) through sponsorship and advertising .

The short-term objectives of the network are to raise women 's awareness of their image in the mass media , to obtain relevant information from research and networking that would motivate women to lobby for change , and to equip women with specific skills that would help build and strengthen alternative communication for and by women .
the short-term objectives of the network are to raise women 's awareness of their image in the mass media , to obtain relevant information from research and networking that would motivate women to lobby for change , and to equip women with specific skills that would help build and strengthen [other option] communication for and by women .

The long-term objectives of the festival and workshops are to develop alternative communication and education models , strengthen local cultures and traditions , and document the history of the various ethnic groups living in Latin America .
the long-term objectives of the festival and workshops are to develop [other option] communication and education models , strengthen local cultures and traditions , and document the history of the various ethnic groups living in latin america .

The project also aims to help integrate theatre within the regular alternative communication activities of the grassroot movements .
the project also aims to help integrate theatre within the regular [other option] communication activities of the grassroot movements .

It also includes a list of media producers and publishers that provide alternative resources .
it also includes a list of media producers and publishers that provide [other option] resources .

Church leaders are determined to find practical ways of helping the region to develop alternative sources of income and more just social structures .
church leaders are determined to find practical ways of helping the region to develop [other option] sources of income and more just social structures .

The only alternative is to shut your dog in a separate room when there are guests , but this could result in other problems including whining and destructive behaviour .
the only [other option] is to shut your dog in a separate room when there are guests , but this could result in other problems including whining and destructive behaviour .

If your dog persists in misbehaving when the doorbell is rung , then you may have to take alternative action .
if your dog persists in misbehaving when the doorbell is rung , then you may have to take [other option] action .

As a result , it will seek an alternative pungent odour when roaming free out on a walk , and horse droppings and cow pats may prove irresistible .
as a result , it will seek an [other option] pungent odour when roaming free out on a walk , and horse droppings and cow pats may prove irresistible .

We wish to propose an alternative approach , challenging the assumption that aggression is an innate human drive .
we wish to propose an [other option] approach , challenging the assumption that aggression is an innate human drive .

Second , we can offer an alternative way of understanding society , by setting human ideas and behaviour firmly within a sociocultural context , focusing explicitly on indigenous ideas and values concerning human nature .
second , we can offer an [other option] way of understanding society , by setting human ideas and behaviour firmly within a sociocultural context , focusing explicitly on indigenous ideas and values concerning human nature .

Instead , we advocate an alternative approach that dispenses with universalistic definitions and the testing of these .
instead , we advocate an [other option] approach that dispenses with universalistic definitions and the testing of these .

Within the overall acceptance of innate sociality in humans we have tried to shift the debate on human aggression or peacefulness away from definitions and absolute categories , to an investigation of alternative moral orders in which the human person is perceived of as radically different from that constructed through the Judaeo-Christian tradition .
within the overall acceptance of innate sociality in humans we have tried to shift the debate on human aggression or peacefulness away from definitions and absolute categories , to an investigation of [other option] moral orders in which the human person is perceived of as radically different from that constructed through the judaeo-christian tradition .

To remain and confront the aggressors is not a viable alternative .
to remain and confront the aggressors is not a viable [other option] .

Kylesku was the vital key for travellers to or from the far north , the alternative being a thirty-mile detour to the east .
kylesku was the vital key for travellers to or from the far north , the [other option] being a thirty-mile detour to the east .

No direct descent from the summit of Caisteal Liath is possible other than by falling off it to a certain death , and steps must be retraced to the saddle , where another gully , a counterpart to that used in the ascent , offers an alternative route of return to Lochinver .
no direct descent from the summit of caisteal liath is possible other than by falling off it to a certain death , and steps must be retraced to the saddle , where another gully , a counterpart to that used in the ascent , offers an [other option] route of return to lochinver .

This alternative route of return is strongly recommended .
this [other option] route of return is strongly recommended .

Such a road would be a scenic delight and give an alternative road to the Isles but it has not yet happened and , it is to be hoped , never will .
such a road would be a scenic delight and give an [other option] road to the isles but it has not yet happened and , it is to be hoped , never will .

The tourist path , although free from hazards , is a weary treadmill , and active and experienced walkers can reserve it for a quick descent and adopt an alternative route by crossing the midway plateau and descending into the stony recesses of the Allt a ' Mhuillinn by rounding the base of Castle Buttress .
the tourist path , although free from hazards , is a weary treadmill , and active and experienced walkers can reserve it for a quick descent and adopt an [other option] route by crossing the midway plateau and descending into the stony recesses of the allt a ' mhuillinn by rounding the base of castle buttress .

The idea of providing proper station buildings was not forgotten , however , in 1988 , planning began in the hope of attracting grant aid and alternative designs were put forward for a new building .
the idea of providing proper station buildings was not forgotten , however , in 1988 , planning began in the hope of attracting grant aid and [other option] designs were put forward for a new building .

Alternative breeding strategies are also shown by many tree frogs in the genus Hyla , which typically call from positions that are not egg-laying sites .
[other option] breeding strategies are also shown by many tree frogs in the genus hyla , which typically call from positions that are not egg-laying sites .

‘ It was the only alternative to an acquittal , you knew that . ’
‘ it was the only [other option] to an acquittal , you knew that . ’

As financial payment the Government had no alternative but to permit the dispatch of most of its gold and silver reserves to the Soviet Union .
as financial payment the government had no [other option] but to permit the dispatch of most of its gold and silver reserves to the soviet union .

Nevertheless , it seems highly improbable that had it been pursued the ‘ revolutionary ’ alternative , deprived as it would have been of any significant outside help , would have proved any more successful .
nevertheless , it seems highly improbable that had it been pursued the ‘ revolutionary ’ [other option] , deprived as it would have been of any significant outside help , would have proved any more successful .

‘ An alternative theory is that the killer knocked him out first , then went into the washroom to strip and came back for the final throat-cutting before Berowne had a chance to come round .
‘ an [other option] theory is that the killer knocked him out first , then went into the washroom to strip and came back for the final throat-cutting before berowne had a chance to come round .

Lunatic to reckon that it would work for him … but only as stupid as the acceptance of the alternative which was fourteen years in the camps .
lunatic to reckon that it would work for him … but only as stupid as the acceptance of the [other option] which was fourteen years in the camps .

In the main , however , most people welcomed the proposals , among the most heartening of which was one to allow developers to invest private capital in hospital closure programmes in order to enable the right kinds of alternative accommodation to be developed .
in the main , however , most people welcomed the proposals , among the most heartening of which was one to allow developers to invest private capital in hospital closure programmes in order to enable the right kinds of [other option] accommodation to be developed .

For many day care attenders , the service provides an alternative to going out to work .
for many day care attenders , the service provides an [other option] to going out to work .

Teams working from CMHCs can provide a realistic alternative for most outpatient clinic work , although precisely where such services should be sited depends on the local geography , the social profile of the local population and the involvement of local GPs .
teams working from cmhcs can provide a realistic [other option] for most outpatient clinic work , although precisely where such services should be sited depends on the local geography , the social profile of the local population and the involvement of local gps .

They need to know that it is possible to find alternative accommodation for the individual or themselves .
they need to know that it is possible to find [other option] accommodation for the individual or themselves .

It is the responsibility of the sub-contractor to overcome such problems by finding alternative employment during these periods , or by bearing the cost of the unemployment .
it is the responsibility of the sub-contractor to overcome such problems by finding [other option] employment during these periods , or by bearing the cost of the unemployment .

The builder can of course withhold any payment or retention outstanding , but this will probably not offset the cost of delay and disturbance in locating an alternative sub-contractor .
the builder can of course withhold any payment or retention outstanding , but this will probably not offset the cost of delay and disturbance in locating an [other option] sub-contractor .

Purchasers may find that although land has detailed planning approval it may not be economically viable to develop and local planning authorities may be reluctant to embrace alternative proposals .
purchasers may find that although land has detailed planning approval it may not be economically viable to develop and local planning authorities may be reluctant to embrace [other option] proposals .

The alternative disposal arrangements have advantages and disadvantages for both vendor and purchaser , which will be revealed as each is examined in detail .
the [other option] disposal arrangements have advantages and disadvantages for both vendor and purchaser , which will be revealed as each is examined in detail .

If approval for septic tanks can not be obtained , the only alternative will be sealed cesspools of a capacity not less than 4000 gallons .
if approval for septic tanks can not be obtained , the only [other option] will be sealed cesspools of a capacity not less than 4000 gallons .

The purchaser will , therefore , need to acquire this strip before the site can be developed , or find an alternative access .
the purchaser will , therefore , need to acquire this strip before the site can be developed , or find an [other option] access .

The alternative situation is that the owner of the adjoining land may be forced to sell the site to the original developer at a price well below normal market value , but above the price of any competitor who would have to buy the ransom strip as well as the proposed site .
the [other option] situation is that the owner of the adjoining land may be forced to sell the site to the original developer at a price well below normal market value , but above the price of any competitor who would have to buy the ransom strip as well as the proposed site .

In the final analysis the only solution will be to find alternative access , or buy the whole of the adjoining property , if it comes onto the market .
in the final analysis the only solution will be to find [other option] access , or buy the whole of the adjoining property , if it comes onto the market .

Where the local authority is to be required to adopt the roads , the developer will be given the alternative of either : ( a ) Depositing with the local authority a cash deposit covering the full estimated cost of the work .
where the local authority is to be required to adopt the roads , the developer will be given the [other option] of either : ( a ) depositing with the local authority a cash deposit covering the full estimated cost of the work .

When considering the development potential of land incorporating bridleways or footpaths and the cost associated with overcoming the problems , there are two alternative options : either to incorporate the footpath within the layout of the development , or to apply to the local authority for the footpath to be diverted .
when considering the development potential of land incorporating bridleways or footpaths and the cost associated with overcoming the problems , there are two [other option] options : either to incorporate the footpath within the layout of the development , or to apply to the local authority for the footpath to be diverted .

In many cases soakaways are used as an alternative to storm water sewers .
in many cases soakaways are used as an [other option] to storm water sewers .

The majority of companies will opt for alternative ( a ) or ( b ) for ease of administration .
the majority of companies will opt for [other option] ( a ) or ( b ) for ease of administration .

The next crisis in inter-communist relations was a result of the attempt by the Dubček leadership in Czechoslovakia to establish an alternative model of socialism , one that accorded more closely with the humanistic and democratic traditions of their country .
the next crisis in inter-communist relations was a result of the attempt by the dubček leadership in czechoslovakia to establish an [other option] model of socialism , one that accorded more closely with the humanistic and democratic traditions of their country .

There was no real alternative , however , to the ‘ unconditional continuation ’ and even ‘ deepening ’ of democratisation and glasnost ' .
there was no real [other option] , however , to the ‘ unconditional continuation ’ and even ‘ deepening ’ of democratisation and glasnost ' .

The editorial , ‘ The principles of restructuring : the revolutionary nature of thinking and acting ’ , 'insisted that there was ‘ no alternative to perestroika ’ and that even its postponement would be gravely damaging to Soviet society and to socialism internationally .
the editorial , ‘ the principles of restructuring : the revolutionary nature of thinking and acting ’ , 'insisted that there was ‘ no [other option] to perestroika ’ and that even its postponement would be gravely damaging to soviet society and to socialism internationally .

Last Friday 's unfortunate accident left the club with no alternative .
last friday 's unfortunate accident left the club with no [other option] .

The alternative may be prices that tend to be sticky , unresponsive to shifts in the market .
the [other option] may be prices that tend to be sticky , unresponsive to shifts in the market .

In the case of a simple penal code , acceptance of its punishment is the best action by the deviant given that the alternative is reimposition of the punishment path : punishment outputs are so chosen that it is better not to postpone the date of reversion to collusion than to make a short-term gain from deviating from the punishment path .
in the case of a simple penal code , acceptance of its punishment is the best action by the deviant given that the [other option] is reimposition of the punishment path : punishment outputs are so chosen that it is better not to postpone the date of reversion to collusion than to make a short-term gain from deviating from the punishment path .

This reliance on ‘ self-lacerating ’ punishment strategies has led a number of authors to propose an alternative criterion of credibility , known as ‘ renegotiation proofness ’ .
this reliance on ‘ self-lacerating ’ punishment strategies has led a number of authors to propose an [other option] criterion of credibility , known as ‘ renegotiation proofness ’ .

The alternative benign view is that all contracts are made , broadly speaking , to ease the flow of product .
the [other option] benign view is that all contracts are made , broadly speaking , to ease the flow of product .

If a product may only be realized by the use of two sets of assets , and each set has no alternative use , then when both sets are under common control , fewer parties can hold up any non-contracted changes to the production process .
if a product may only be realized by the use of two sets of assets , and each set has no [other option] use , then when both sets are under common control , fewer parties can hold up any non-contracted changes to the production process .

Depending on the framework , it can be shown that alternative pairs of instruments can be used .
depending on the framework , it can be shown that [other option] pairs of instruments can be used .

Moving to policy issues , if two alternative pairs with the same properties exist , then if one set is deemed socially ( un ) desirable , so should the other set be .
moving to policy issues , if two [other option] pairs with the same properties exist , then if one set is deemed socially ( un ) desirable , so should the other set be .

Therefore , let us consider an alternative scenario , in which one manufacturer decides to raise its input price ( possibly at the same time reducing the franchise fee ) .
therefore , let us consider an [other option] scenario , in which one manufacturer decides to raise its input price ( possibly at the same time reducing the franchise fee ) .

Manufacturer 2 can then raise its price to retailer 2 above cost , because there is no alternative source of supply .
manufacturer 2 can then raise its price to retailer 2 above cost , because there is no [other option] source of supply .

Again it appears that vertical separation ( here vertical restraints , of the exclusive distribution kind ) are socially less desirable than the alternative , in this case complete absence of vertical links .
again it appears that vertical separation ( here vertical restraints , of the exclusive distribution kind ) are socially less desirable than the [other option] , in this case complete absence of vertical links .

Also important is the limited availability of alternative sources for retailer 2 once the first agreement is signed .
also important is the limited availability of [other option] sources for retailer 2 once the first agreement is signed .

But an alternative rule is possible .
but an [other option] rule is possible .

It should be obvious that in this type of problem ( i ) and ( ii ) are alternative possibilities , to be dealt with separately ; ( ii ) is not meant to follow upon and include the facts of ( i ) .
it should be obvious that in this type of problem ( i ) and ( ii ) are [other option] possibilities , to be dealt with separately ; ( ii ) is not meant to follow upon and include the facts of ( i ) .

Judgment is spelt correctly in the above test , but an alternative spelling is judgement .
judgment is spelt correctly in the above test , but an [other option] spelling is judgement .

An alternative to Current Law Statutes is Butterworth 's Annotated Legislation Service .
an [other option] to current law statutes is butterworth 's annotated legislation service .

An alternative source is the Stationery Office volumes .
an [other option] source is the stationery office volumes .

In this situation , however , he could see no alternative .
in this situation , however , he could see no [other option] .

‘ There 's no alternative , ’ said Sheldukher , ignoring it .
‘ there 's no [other option] , ’ said sheldukher , ignoring it .

However , one must weigh this potential change in content and focus against the benefits of rendering a smooth , natural translation in contexts where the use of the passive for instance would be stylistically less acceptable than the use of the active or an alternative structure in the target language .
however , one must weigh this potential change in content and focus against the benefits of rendering a smooth , natural translation in contexts where the use of the passive for instance would be stylistically less acceptable than the use of the active or an [other option] structure in the target language .

The conference circular and back-translated Russian text on pages 23–4 are quoted at length to illustrate that , in some contexts , professional translators may decide to replace passive structures in the source text with stylistically more acceptable alternative structures , such as the active and reflexive in the case of Russian .
the conference circular and back-translated russian text on pages 23–4 are quoted at length to illustrate that , in some contexts , professional translators may decide to replace passive structures in the source text with stylistically more acceptable [other option] structures , such as the active and reflexive in the case of russian .

We will now look at this alternative view to explore its relevance to translation activities .
we will now look at this [other option] view to explore its relevance to translation activities .

’ This is particularly interesting because the conjunction in the final paragraph of the German text , Allerdings , allows two alternative interpretations in this context :
’ this is particularly interesting because the conjunction in the final paragraph of the german text , allerdings , allows two [other option] interpretations in this context :

Since speakers ' intuitions can not be easily accessed to define the membership of sets such as these ( see further 8.2.1 ) it is difficult to see what alternative procedure might have been adopted .
since speakers ' intuitions can not be easily accessed to define the membership of sets such as these ( see further 8.2.1 ) it is difficult to see what [other option] procedure might have been adopted .

Consider , for example , the criticisms of transformations by Bresnan ( 1982 ) as a means of handling the active/passive relationship and her alternative proposals ; on the other hand , Gazdar and his colleagues ( 1985 ) have proposed a completely different framework for handling these relationships .
consider , for example , the criticisms of transformations by bresnan ( 1982 ) as a means of handling the active/passive relationship and her [other option] proposals ; on the other hand , gazdar and his colleagues ( 1985 ) have proposed a completely different framework for handling these relationships .

However , since on can alternate also with first and third person pronouns , which like their second person counterparts can also have definite reference , it is not particularly easy to specify tokens of the alternative class ( see Laberge and Sankoff 1980 : 272ff for a large number of examples ) .
however , since on can alternate also with first and third person pronouns , which like their second person counterparts can also have definite reference , it is not particularly easy to specify tokens of the [other option] class ( see laberge and sankoff 1980 : 272ff for a large number of examples ) .

An alternative but related statistic , population potential ( Craig , 1972 ) has therefore been developed to take into account the catchment area of population , but once again different spatial units can produce considerable variations in population potential distributions ( Craig , 1974 ) .
an [other option] but related statistic , population potential ( craig , 1972 ) has therefore been developed to take into account the catchment area of population , but once again different spatial units can produce considerable variations in population potential distributions ( craig , 1974 ) .

For example , Drudy ( 1978 ) found evidence that depopulation had been worse in small settlements , and concluded that a low level of service provision , when added to the lack of a sufficient employment alternative to agriculture , could lead to a vicious circle of decline based on the theory of cumulative causation , already outlined .
for example , drudy ( 1978 ) found evidence that depopulation had been worse in small settlements , and concluded that a low level of service provision , when added to the lack of a sufficient employment [other option] to agriculture , could lead to a vicious circle of decline based on the theory of cumulative causation , already outlined .

Accordingly , Drudy and Drudy ( 1979 ) have advocated the provision of professional and office jobs , and Gilg ( 1976 ) has advocated more jobs in office employment and tourism , as well as jobs in manufacturing , as an alternative to agricultural employment , so that not only the aspirations of the whole ability range of young people may be met ( Drudy , 1975 ) but also to increase the level of female activity rates found in many rural areas ( Moseley and Darby , 1978 ) .
accordingly , drudy and drudy ( 1979 ) have advocated the provision of professional and office jobs , and gilg ( 1976 ) has advocated more jobs in office employment and tourism , as well as jobs in manufacturing , as an [other option] to agricultural employment , so that not only the aspirations of the whole ability range of young people may be met ( drudy , 1975 ) but also to increase the level of female activity rates found in many rural areas ( moseley and darby , 1978 ) .

Woollett ( 1981 ) has shown not only how rural people can provide their own alternative services but can also further extend them , and Clark ( 1980 ) has argued that if we want to sustain rural services it will have to be by self-help .
woollett ( 1981 ) has shown not only how rural people can provide their own [other option] services but can also further extend them , and clark ( 1980 ) has argued that if we want to sustain rural services it will have to be by self-help .

In these areas 20 per cent of the farms sampled indulged in farm tourism , but most farmers saw it as a supplement rather than as an alternative to farm income , although Davies argued that it could be a much more profitable use of the farms ' resources .
in these areas 20 per cent of the farms sampled indulged in farm tourism , but most farmers saw it as a supplement rather than as an [other option] to farm income , although davies argued that it could be a much more profitable use of the farms ' resources .

What alternative could the man possibly have to paying two hundred pounds for his life and freedom ?
what [other option] could the man possibly have to paying two hundred pounds for his life and freedom ?

Zvi could n't remember how long it was since he had last found it necessary to advertise , but with Wine telling the Cork Examiner 's readers for the last three weeks that ‘ owing to the great increase of my practice ’ he was moving to larger premises Zvi felt he had no alternative .
zvi could n't remember how long it was since he had last found it necessary to advertise , but with wine telling the cork examiner 's readers for the last three weeks that ‘ owing to the great increase of my practice ’ he was moving to larger premises zvi felt he had no [other option] .

Occasionally governments have opened up a discussion by publishing a ‘ Green Paper ’ which set out alternative possibilities .
occasionally governments have opened up a discussion by publishing a ‘ green paper ’ which set out [other option] possibilities .

An alternative approach to the equalisation of the geographical distribution of services is to concentrate on improving the physical and social standard of the ‘ undesirable ’ neighbourhoods .
an [other option] approach to the equalisation of the geographical distribution of services is to concentrate on improving the physical and social standard of the ‘ undesirable ’ neighbourhoods .

Moreover , it is far less of a real alternative in the case of isolated rural areas .
moreover , it is far less of a real [other option] in the case of isolated rural areas .

All these four reasons are subject to varying degrees of criticism : Unskilled manual jobs may well be done just as well , if not better , by the less educated ; resistance to change in employment can be affected more by the alternative job opportunities that are available than by levels of education ; advanced industrialisation has so atomised and de-skilled the production process that for many workers further or higher education is not necessary in their jobs , etc .
all these four reasons are subject to varying degrees of criticism : unskilled manual jobs may well be done just as well , if not better , by the less educated ; resistance to change in employment can be affected more by the [other option] job opportunities that are available than by levels of education ; advanced industrialisation has so atomised and de-skilled the production process that for many workers further or higher education is not necessary in their jobs , etc .

The general intention of the Government is to seek to reduce the prison population by encouraging judges to apply alternative penalties in many cases .
the general intention of the government is to seek to reduce the prison population by encouraging judges to apply [other option] penalties in many cases .

The union also told an alternative oil supplier not to supply the plaintiff hotel .
the union also told an [other option] oil supplier not to supply the plaintiff hotel .

Lord Wilberforce answered this alternative view in these words :
lord wilberforce answered this [other option] view in these words :

This principle was extended to civil servants who had the alternative remedy of taking their complaints to an industrial tribunal .
this principle was extended to civil servants who had the [other option] remedy of taking their complaints to an industrial tribunal .

The published policy of the Secretary of State was that he would not grant consent for the total or substantial demolition of a listed building unless he was satisfied that every effort had been made to continue the present use or find an alternative use .
the published policy of the secretary of state was that he would not grant consent for the total or substantial demolition of a listed building unless he was satisfied that every effort had been made to continue the present use or find an [other option] use .

Unwanted sugar is purchased from the Caribbean islands and stockpiled by the United States , who would rather spend billions of dollars annually in this way ( to keep the region ‘ stable ’ ) than help those nations develop an alternative and more useful crop — food , for instance .
unwanted sugar is purchased from the caribbean islands and stockpiled by the united states , who would rather spend billions of dollars annually in this way ( to keep the region ‘ stable ’ ) than help those nations develop an [other option] and more useful crop — food , for instance .

There are many alternative types of holiday on offer and even within the package sector the provision of a financial bond by firms and other guarantees give particular holiday-makers a relatively firm assurance that they will get the holiday they want or one very nearly like it .
there are many [other option] types of holiday on offer and even within the package sector the provision of a financial bond by firms and other guarantees give particular holiday-makers a relatively firm assurance that they will get the holiday they want or one very nearly like it .

As millions flocked to Butlins , to other imitators and to other holiday resorts offering the packaged experience , older alternative forms of holidaying began to look more and more peripheral within the popular cultural practices of the British people .
as millions flocked to butlins , to other imitators and to other holiday resorts offering the packaged experience , older [other option] forms of holidaying began to look more and more peripheral within the popular cultural practices of the british people .

The same may be true of the Prinias horsemen , but the relief there is rather low , and an alternative is that they turn their eyes on us as guardians of the house : the ‘ terror-mask ’ , a concept we shall meet again .
the same may be true of the prinias horsemen , but the relief there is rather low , and an [other option] is that they turn their eyes on us as guardians of the house : the ‘ terror-mask ’ , a concept we shall meet again .

Sometimes a real sense of space is achieved , as on the second-millennium stele of Naramsin , where figures move up and down a tree clad hill under the stars ; but in general it seems no more than an alternative convention for the organisation of narrative over the surface .
sometimes a real sense of space is achieved , as on the second-millennium stele of naramsin , where figures move up and down a tree clad hill under the stars ; but in general it seems no more than an [other option] convention for the organisation of narrative over the surface .

As well as demographic trends these include such social and economic factors as alternative opportunities for employment and the supply of places .
as well as demographic trends these include such social and economic factors as [other option] opportunities for employment and the supply of places .

This chapter will therefore also discuss the implication of alternative strategies of education planning .
this chapter will therefore also discuss the implication of [other option] strategies of education planning .

However , as Simpson ( 1987 ) observes these longer-term forecasts are required to inform policymakers of the potential costs and benefits of alternative strategies as well as for general monitoring .
however , as simpson ( 1987 ) observes these longer-term forecasts are required to inform policymakers of the potential costs and benefits of [other option] strategies as well as for general monitoring .

This means that parents would not need to request the preferred school over a less favoured alternative .
this means that parents would not need to request the preferred school over a less favoured [other option] .

Diamond and Smith ( 1982 , 1984 ) and Diamond ( 1985 , 1987 ) have argued that there is little evidence that all students not admitted to their first-choice institution will be prepared to substitute an alternative institution particularly if this is one from a different sector .
diamond and smith ( 1982 , 1984 ) and diamond ( 1985 , 1987 ) have argued that there is little evidence that all students not admitted to their first-choice institution will be prepared to substitute an [other option] institution particularly if this is one from a different sector .

An alternative way is to undertake a similar exercise allowing for sex and marital status as well as age .
an [other option] way is to undertake a similar exercise allowing for sex and marital status as well as age .

Alternative answers to these questions have produced a range of effective meanings , both within anthropology and in extension from it : from the older emphasis on an ‘ informing spirit ’ — ideal or religious or national — to more modern emphases on a ‘ lived culture ’ which has been primarily determined by other and now differently designated social processes usually particular kinds of political or economic order .
[other option] answers to these questions have produced a range of effective meanings , both within anthropology and in extension from it : from the older emphasis on an ‘ informing spirit ’ — ideal or religious or national — to more modern emphases on a ‘ lived culture ’ which has been primarily determined by other and now differently designated social processes usually particular kinds of political or economic order .

In the alternative and contending intellectual traditions which have flowed from this range of answers , ‘ culture ’ itself then ranges from a significantly total to a confidently partial dimension of reference .
in the [other option] and contending intellectual traditions which have flowed from this range of answers , ‘ culture ’ itself then ranges from a significantly total to a confidently partial dimension of reference .

Three useful kinds of study can then be distinguished , of ( i ) the social and economic institutions of culture and , as alternative definitions of their ‘ products ’ , of ( ii ) their content and ( iii ) their effects .
three useful kinds of study can then be distinguished , of ( i ) the social and economic institutions of culture and , as [other option] definitions of their ‘ products ’ , of ( ii ) their content and ( iii ) their effects .

The alternative tradition
the [other option] tradition

Their overlap with modern cultural sociology , in the alternative tradition , is thus clear .
their overlap with modern cultural sociology , in the [other option] tradition , is thus clear .

Many of the controversies about the new institutions which serve these purposes can be seen , on analysis , to be arguments about different forms of patronage — encouragement or intervention within and beyond the market — but also , and crucially , about distinctions between the social relations of patronage ( where the public body is held merely to have replaced the court or the household or the individual patron ) and the alternative social relations of a now publicly instituted art .
many of the controversies about the new institutions which serve these purposes can be seen , on analysis , to be arguments about different forms of patronage — encouragement or intervention within and beyond the market — but also , and crucially , about distinctions between the social relations of patronage ( where the public body is held merely to have replaced the court or the household or the individual patron ) and the [other option] social relations of a now publicly instituted art .

There is great practical complexity in the various stages of transition between these essentially alternative relationships .
there is great practical complexity in the various stages of transition between these essentially [other option] relationships .

And while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an alternative kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .
and while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an [other option] kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .

( b ) alternative , as in the cases of the provision of alternative facilities for the production , exhibition or publication of certain kinds of work , where it is believed that existing institutions exclude or tend to exclude these ;
( b ) [other option] , as in the cases of the provision of [other option] facilities for the production , exhibition or publication of certain kinds of work , where it is believed that existing institutions exclude or tend to exclude these ;

The genuinely alternative groups go beyond this , since their critique of the available established institutions , usually in the same general kind of cultural activity , is at least implicit , and is often , as in the typical cases of the secessions , explicit and direct .
the genuinely [other option] groups go beyond this , since their critique of the available established institutions , usually in the same general kind of cultural activity , is at least implicit , and is often , as in the typical cases of the secessions , explicit and direct .

While the new group can be satisfied by the establishment of alternative facilities , which give it public presence and identity , its distinction from oppositional groups is reasonably clear .
while the new group can be satisfied by the establishment of [other option] facilities , which give it public presence and identity , its distinction from oppositional groups is reasonably clear .

Yet it has often happened that attacks on such alternative groups , by established opinion , have shifted them into conscious opposition as distinct from conscious dissent or the offering of a conscious alternative .
yet it has often happened that attacks on such [other option] groups , by established opinion , have shifted them into conscious opposition as distinct from conscious dissent or the offering of a conscious [other option] .

Most alternative and oppositional groups have been of type ( ii ) , though there are early cases of type ( i ) and some later cases of type ( iii ) .
most [other option] and oppositional groups have been of type ( ii ) , though there are early cases of type ( i ) and some later cases of type ( iii ) .

The alternative and oppositional groups evidently owe something , perhaps much , to the same general conditions .
the [other option] and oppositional groups evidently owe something , perhaps much , to the same general conditions .

It is moreover the period of the newly general modem meanings of ‘ the arts ’ and ‘ the artist ’ , as terms indicating more than specific practices and practitioners and now centrally including conceptions of general ( and then often alternative or oppositional ) values .
it is moreover the period of the newly general modem meanings of ‘ the arts ’ and ‘ the artist ’ , as terms indicating more than specific practices and practitioners and now centrally including conceptions of general ( and then often [other option] or oppositional ) values .

The independent formations , alternative and oppositional , are directly related to this complex process and set of ideas .
the independent formations , [other option] and oppositional , are directly related to this complex process and set of ideas .

This is why , though the ideas were becoming common from the late eighteenth century , effective alternative and oppositional formations became common only in the second half of the nineteenth century and increased markedly towards the end of the century .
this is why , though the ideas were becoming common from the late eighteenth century , effective [other option] and oppositional formations became common only in the second half of the nineteenth century and increased markedly towards the end of the century .

Moreover , groups within a class may have alternative ( received or developed ) cultural , often religious , affiliations which are not characteristic of the class as a whole .
moreover , groups within a class may have [other option] ( received or developed ) cultural , often religious , affiliations which are not characteristic of the class as a whole .

From all these situations , possible alternative bases for variations in cultural production can exist .
from all these situations , possible [other option] bases for variations in cultural production can exist .

Yet what had previously been an alternative tendency within the general social order , and in some respects a central tendency within the rising industrial bourgeoisie , was now , in this crisis , shifted into an oppositional tendency .
yet what had previously been an [other option] tendency within the general social order , and in some respects a central tendency within the rising industrial bourgeoisie , was now , in this crisis , shifted into an oppositional tendency .

The cultural formation , at this level , is still alternative , but in the crisis of those years it was both necessarily involved in political activities , with direct and dangerous consequences , and in an overlap between what might in a different period be seen as separate kinds of practice ; as Godwin justly observed in 1794 , ‘ the humble novelist might be shown to be constructively a traitor ’ .
the cultural formation , at this level , is still [other option] , but in the crisis of those years it was both necessarily involved in political activities , with direct and dangerous consequences , and in an overlap between what might in a different period be seen as separate kinds of practice ; as godwin justly observed in 1794 , ‘ the humble novelist might be shown to be constructively a traitor ’ .

Thus the alternative formation , forced by prejudice and repression into opposition , became again alternative , by an internal change and adaptation .
thus the [other option] formation , forced by prejudice and repression into opposition , became again [other option] , by an internal change and adaptation .

At this point , inevitably , they were dissidents from their class , and in one sense rebels against it , but in a specializing way , in that they found in the arts of painting and poetry an alternative to the dominant social and cultural order .
at this point , inevitably , they were dissidents from their class , and in one sense rebels against it , but in a specializing way , in that they found in the arts of painting and poetry an [other option] to the dominant social and cultural order .

With this sense of a specialized alternative went a certain set of alternative moral and social attitudes , much more open and relaxed ( ‘ bohemian ’ ) than the norms of their class .
with this sense of a specialized [other option] went a certain set of [other option] moral and social attitudes , much more open and relaxed ( ‘ bohemian ’ ) than the norms of their class .

The Pre-Raphaelites were a specializing formation with ambiguous and eventually alternative relations with a rising commercial bourgeoisie : dissident but at some levels representative of their still forming cultural ( decorative ) intentions .
the pre-raphaelites were a specializing formation with ambiguous and eventually [other option] relations with a rising commercial bourgeoisie : dissident but at some levels representative of their still forming cultural ( decorative ) intentions .

In the media which are also visual , a range of resources — physical appearance and the effective means of non-verbal communication — is at least added to the written or recorded form , and the effect is often more than addition ; it is a change of dimension which appears to restore presence , which for the alternative advantages of record and durability writing systems had moved away from .
in the media which are also visual , a range of resources — physical appearance and the effective means of non-verbal communication — is at least added to the written or recorded form , and the effect is often more than addition ; it is a change of dimension which appears to restore presence , which for the [other option] advantages of record and durability writing systems had moved away from .

Alternative forms
[other option] forms

Usually , in doing so , they set up alternative signals : that this tent , this stretch of street , this canteen , this waiting-room , is where this different kind of artist wants his work to be seen .
usually , in doing so , they set up [other option] signals : that this tent , this stretch of street , this canteen , this waiting-room , is where this different kind of artist wants his work to be seen .

The immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to Mrs Castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .
the immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to mrs castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an [other option] source of private beds in the locality of change .

‘ What 's the alternative ?
‘ what 's the [other option] ?

Since the middle of the nineteenth century this has produced a persistent surplus of population in the countryside with a consequent depression of wage levels-Rural depopulation has rarely proceeded on a scale to compensate for the reduced demand for labour in rural areas and neither has the demand for labour in the countryside been adequately stimulated by the provision of sufficient alternative employment opportunities to agriculture .
since the middle of the nineteenth century this has produced a persistent surplus of population in the countryside with a consequent depression of wage levels-rural depopulation has rarely proceeded on a scale to compensate for the reduced demand for labour in rural areas and neither has the demand for labour in the countryside been adequately stimulated by the provision of sufficient [other option] employment opportunities to agriculture .

This is not because the farm worker is any more of an individualist per se than his industrial counterparts — whatever the stereotypes — but because the circumstances surrounding the farm worker render individual action , rather than collective mobilization , the only realistic alternative for the majority of those working on the land .
this is not because the farm worker is any more of an individualist per se than his industrial counterparts — whatever the stereotypes — but because the circumstances surrounding the farm worker render individual action , rather than collective mobilization , the only realistic [other option] for the majority of those working on the land .

His social and economic situation continues to be regulated by the kind of disciplines that have been familiar to successive generations of workers on the land — ; poverty , the lack of alternative employment opportunities , the intense localism , the dependency for jobs and housing on local farmers .
his social and economic situation continues to be regulated by the kind of disciplines that have been familiar to successive generations of workers on the land — ; poverty , the lack of [other option] employment opportunities , the intense localism , the dependency for jobs and housing on local farmers .

Unable to buy and with no council houses available many agricultural workers are forced to seek accommodation in the only local alternative that is available to them — tied cottages .
unable to buy and with no council houses available many agricultural workers are forced to seek accommodation in the only local [other option] that is available to them — tied cottages .

But there has remained considerable disagreement over the most viable alternative — financial incentive or state compulsion .
but there has remained considerable disagreement over the most viable [other option] — financial incentive or state compulsion .

As far as the main alternative source , housing associations , are concerned , an expansion in their activity in the 1980s was accompanied by a declining proportion of adapted housing , and a decline in actual numbers ( see Table 1 ) .
as far as the main [other option] source , housing associations , are concerned , an expansion in their activity in the 1980s was accompanied by a declining proportion of adapted housing , and a decline in actual numbers ( see table 1 ) .

One in particular is that we currently lack a theory , or theories , of an alternative process .
one in particular is that we currently lack a theory , or theories , of an [other option] process .

We can not reach an understanding of these divisions if we are constantly denied the alternative perspectives .
we can not reach an understanding of these divisions if we are constantly denied the [other option] perspectives .

The notion of students having a say in decision-making — in planning , organising , managing and evaluating their education — pervades a vast array of positions and movements in education which come under a number of umbrella terms , such as ‘ alternative ’ , ‘ radical ’ , ‘ progressive ’ and ‘ libertarian ’ education .
the notion of students having a say in decision-making — in planning , organising , managing and evaluating their education — pervades a vast array of positions and movements in education which come under a number of umbrella terms , such as ‘ [other option] ’ , ‘ radical ’ , ‘ progressive ’ and ‘ libertarian ’ education .

While conductive education does offer an alternative vision , it is unfortunate that this vision implies the removal of burden and shame through the achievement of normality .
while conductive education does offer an [other option] vision , it is unfortunate that this vision implies the removal of burden and shame through the achievement of normality .

Thus , an uncompetitive market structure may be maintained indefinitely because of barriers to entry and exit ; products are not , as in the model , homogeneous , but have differentiating characteristics which enable producers to raise prices without causing a total shift in demand to their rivals ; and finally , purchasers lack perfect information and hence may pay higher prices than they would if aware of alternative , cheaper , sources of supply .
thus , an uncompetitive market structure may be maintained indefinitely because of barriers to entry and exit ; products are not , as in the model , homogeneous , but have differentiating characteristics which enable producers to raise prices without causing a total shift in demand to their rivals ; and finally , purchasers lack perfect information and hence may pay higher prices than they would if aware of [other option] , cheaper , sources of supply .

Responses which may be open to the company range from plant closures and mass redundancies , through scaling down operations with some job losses , to investment in alternative productive capacity with partial or full retention of the workforce .
responses which may be open to the company range from plant closures and mass redundancies , through scaling down operations with some job losses , to investment in [other option] productive capacity with partial or full retention of the workforce .

The theories now examined offer an alternative , non-consequentialist justification of corporate power , and argue that the exclusive concern of company law should be to protect the rights of the relevant rights-holders .
the theories now examined offer an [other option] , non-consequentialist justification of corporate power , and argue that the exclusive concern of company law should be to protect the rights of the relevant rights-holders .

Monolithic state ownership is not the sole alternative to private property ; productive assets can , for example , be owned in common by the members of a co-operative , no individual member having a transferable property right in them .
monolithic state ownership is not the sole [other option] to private property ; productive assets can , for example , be owned in common by the members of a co-operative , no individual member having a transferable property right in them .

Whether this objective should underlie company law , viewed from a public interest perspective , or whether the alternative approach just discussed is preferable , will be considered in Chapters 9 and 10 .
whether this objective should underlie company law , viewed from a public interest perspective , or whether the [other option] approach just discussed is preferable , will be considered in chapters 9 and 10 .

Output is accordingly lower than it would have been under conditions of perfect competition , and resources are diverted to alternative , less valuable uses .
output is accordingly lower than it would have been under conditions of perfect competition , and resources are diverted to [other option] , less valuable uses .

In order to be persuaded by this justification one would need to be satisfied that the price is worth paying , that is , that alternative arrangements in which power was more widely diffused would not be preferable , even though this might mean that the system produced less wealth overall .
in order to be persuaded by this justification one would need to be satisfied that the price is worth paying , that is , that [other option] arrangements in which power was more widely diffused would not be preferable , even though this might mean that the system produced less wealth overall .

The issue of the legitimacy of corporate enterprise can , however , be saved from being swallowed up in this wider debate if the assumption is made that alternative patterns of distribution can be secured through state action should the prevailing one be considered morally unappealing .
the issue of the legitimacy of corporate enterprise can , however , be saved from being swallowed up in this wider debate if the assumption is made that [other option] patterns of distribution can be secured through state action should the prevailing one be considered morally unappealing .

Beed 's preference for the latter alternative is , however , misplaced , since as Herman explains , it involves ‘ a confusion between who controls and how control is obtained and maintained ’ .
beed 's preference for the latter [other option] is , however , misplaced , since as herman explains , it involves ‘ a confusion between who controls and how control is obtained and maintained ’ .

An alternative ( though partially over-lapping ) motivation to that of growth is Williamson 's concept of ‘ expense preference ’ .
an [other option] ( though partially over-lapping ) motivation to that of growth is williamson 's concept of ‘ expense preference ’ .

The only practicable alternative , of allowing the directors themselves to decide when a departure from the profit goal is justified , would involve a substantial abandonment of the duty-based control mechanism and would offer no guarantee that any member would be satisfied with the particular balance of interests that the directors might choose to strike .
the only practicable [other option] , of allowing the directors themselves to decide when a departure from the profit goal is justified , would involve a substantial abandonment of the duty-based control mechanism and would offer no guarantee that any member would be satisfied with the particular balance of interests that the directors might choose to strike .

Furthermore , the resolution of both of these issues would require the court to evaluate the merits of alternative business policies which as we will see below , is something that they are most reluctant to do .
furthermore , the resolution of both of these issues would require the court to evaluate the merits of [other option] business policies which as we will see below , is something that they are most reluctant to do .

An alternative approach is to measure share price changes ; prices at any given time reflect the market 's estimate of future performance and if it is assumed that this estimate is reliable then a comparison of ‘ before and after ’ figures should provide an accurate guide to the change in earning potential brought about by merger .
an [other option] approach is to measure share price changes ; prices at any given time reflect the market 's estimate of future performance and if it is assumed that this estimate is reliable then a comparison of ‘ before and after ’ figures should provide an accurate guide to the change in earning potential brought about by merger .

An alternative explanation of short-termism , also attributable to the take-over market , should finally be noted .
an [other option] explanation of short-termism , also attributable to the take-over market , should finally be noted .

Alternative indexing techniques
[other option] indexing techniques

On occasions manufacturers ' software is not highly efficient for a given application , and software houses have taken advantage of this to provide alternative packages . The shortcomings focussed on by alternative suppliers a
on occasions manufacturers ' software is not highly efficient for a given application , and software houses have taken advantage of this to provide [other option] packages . the shortcomings focussed on by [other option] suppliers a

The alternative view sees constitutions not as a conscious creation but rather as an evolutionary consequence made up of ‘ substantive principles to be deduced from a nation 's actual institutions and their development ’ ( McIlwain , ibid . )
the [other option] view sees constitutions not as a conscious creation but rather as an evolutionary consequence made up of ‘ substantive principles to be deduced from a nation 's actual institutions and their development ’ ( mcilwain , ibid . )

’ Bryce 's alternative , the idea of a common-law constitution , is perhaps another way of saying that the British ‘ constitution ’ just grew , as the common law itself .
’ bryce 's [other option] , the idea of a common-law constitution , is perhaps another way of saying that the british ‘ constitution ’ just grew , as the common law itself .

Two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be substituted by electoral decision .
two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some [other option] can be substituted by electoral decision .

The alternative , it should be stressed , must be more than an alternative governing group .
the [other option] , it should be stressed , must be more than an [other option] governing group .

Unless groups wishing to compete for leadership have the freedom to organize and formulate alternative programmes , the presentation of alternatives would be impossible .
unless groups wishing to compete for leadership have the freedom to organize and formulate [other option] programmes , the presentation of alternatives would be impossible .

Moreover because the forms and principles of legitimacy present at any one time are likely to be varied , it is not simply a case of appealing to principles against practices , but can also be a matter of appealing against practices justified by one form of legitimacy to alternative practices justified by other principles .
moreover because the forms and principles of legitimacy present at any one time are likely to be varied , it is not simply a case of appealing to principles against practices , but can also be a matter of appealing against practices justified by one form of legitimacy to [other option] practices justified by other principles .

The lack of priority given to teaching singing to ordinands is explained by one respondent who wrote , ‘ Part of the problem with the teaching of singing has to do with the relative infrequency with which the Sunday Offices are now sung … Few placement churches have anything like a regular sung Book of Common Prayer or Alternative Service Book Evensong ; and many of the churches [ from which ordinands come and ] to which ordinands go as curates follow a similar pattern .
the lack of priority given to teaching singing to ordinands is explained by one respondent who wrote , ‘ part of the problem with the teaching of singing has to do with the relative infrequency with which the sunday offices are now sung … few placement churches have anything like a regular sung book of common prayer or [other option] service book evensong ; and many of the churches [ from which ordinands come and ] to which ordinands go as curates follow a similar pattern .

The Commission recommends that parishes explore alternative ways of singing the Psalms .
the commission recommends that parishes explore [other option] ways of singing the psalms .

The rubrics of The Alternative Service Book allow this , and a mixture of styles of language and music in worship is perfectly proper .
the rubrics of the [other option] service book allow this , and a mixture of styles of language and music in worship is perfectly proper .

An alternative way of looking at higher education is to see it as a continuing process in the reproduction of gender relations .
an [other option] way of looking at higher education is to see it as a continuing process in the reproduction of gender relations .

The alternative to explaining faulty results , then , is to tamper with them :
the [other option] to explaining faulty results , then , is to tamper with them :

No alternative was practicable , and on 20 July the Dutch launched their euphemistically named ‘ police action ’ .
no [other option] was practicable , and on 20 july the dutch launched their euphemistically named ‘ police action ’ .

An alternative approach is needed .
an [other option] approach is needed .

Since it would be a temporary work programme , and not a training scheme , these ‘ intermediate workers ’ would be paid the weekly rate for the job , minus the pay for the day spent searching for an alternative form of employment .
since it would be a temporary work programme , and not a training scheme , these ‘ intermediate workers ’ would be paid the weekly rate for the job , minus the pay for the day spent searching for an [other option] form of employment .

An alternative , suggested by Bruce Anderson in the Sunday Telegraph ( 4 September 1988 ) , is to place a time limit on mortgage tax relief .
an [other option] , suggested by bruce anderson in the sunday telegraph ( 4 september 1988 ) , is to place a time limit on mortgage tax relief .

An alternative and fairer approach would be for an incoming radical government to insist that each of the privatized industries should make a free issue of stock , by way of compensation for the sale of public assets at deflated prices .
an [other option] and fairer approach would be for an incoming radical government to insist that each of the privatized industries should make a free issue of stock , by way of compensation for the sale of public assets at deflated prices .

Responding to Mrs Thatcher 's initiative is one way in which radicals build up over time an alternative election programme .
responding to mrs thatcher 's initiative is one way in which radicals build up over time an [other option] election programme .

An alternative view , and one that is supported by circumstantial evidence from my own constituency , is that many wives voluntarily cease to work once their husbands become long-term unemployed .
an [other option] view , and one that is supported by circumstantial evidence from my own constituency , is that many wives voluntarily cease to work once their husbands become long-term unemployed .

This theory of scientific development has been contested ; others have pointed to more incremental patterns , or to cases especially in the social sciences where paradigms do not displace each other but simply accumulate as alternative perspectives .
this theory of scientific development has been contested ; others have pointed to more incremental patterns , or to cases especially in the social sciences where paradigms do not displace each other but simply accumulate as [other option] perspectives .

's ( 1981 ) alternative to structural change in isolation is a broader change agenda encompassing , strategy , structure , systems , style , staff , skills and superordinate goals .
's ( 1981 ) [other option] to structural change in isolation is a broader change agenda encompassing , strategy , structure , systems , style , staff , skills and superordinate goals .

new technology ( Prompts ; effects on working practices — deskilling/upskilling/economics of new technology vs. new working practices/flexibility as alternative to capital investment )
new technology ( prompts ; effects on working practices — deskilling/upskilling/economics of new technology vs. new working practices/flexibility as [other option] to capital investment )

Old-style bureaucracy , with its traditional tall-pyramid structure , is being rejected as insufficiently flexible , and alternative ways of organization , using flatter structures or less hierarchical ones , and giving more autonomy to those lower down in the organization are sought .
old-style bureaucracy , with its traditional tall-pyramid structure , is being rejected as insufficiently flexible , and [other option] ways of organization , using flatter structures or less hierarchical ones , and giving more autonomy to those lower down in the organization are sought .

The availability of this information transforms the capital-investment analysis from opinion into diagnosis , that is , into the rational weighing of alternative assumptions .
the availability of this information transforms the capital-investment analysis from opinion into diagnosis , that is , into the rational weighing of [other option] assumptions .

Then the information transforms the capital-investment decision from an opportunistic , financial decision governed by the numbers into a business decision based on the probability of alternative strategic assumptions .
then the information transforms the capital-investment decision from an opportunistic , financial decision governed by the numbers into a business decision based on the probability of [other option] strategic assumptions .

If organization were to mirror art ( and there is no reason why it should or should not ) , Williams ( 1989 : 52 ) would have us rediscover organizational ‘ community ’ in the neglected , alternative tradition of the past century .
if organization were to mirror art ( and there is no reason why it should or should not ) , williams ( 1989 : 52 ) would have us rediscover organizational ‘ community ’ in the neglected , [other option] tradition of the past century .

Moreover , an interest in alternative prescriptions would seem ill advised .
moreover , an interest in [other option] prescriptions would seem ill advised .

When the political and economic imagination is confronted by the economic success of an example which is in many respects an alternative to those Pacific cases , typified here by reference to Sweden , the implicit choices really do become quite evident .
when the political and economic imagination is confronted by the economic success of an example which is in many respects an [other option] to those pacific cases , typified here by reference to sweden , the implicit choices really do become quite evident .

Rather than market and hierarchy being opposed to types , as in the Williamsonian formulation , it may be more appropriate to see them as alternative solutions to the problem of how to arrange functional alignment within the enterprise .
rather than market and hierarchy being opposed to types , as in the williamsonian formulation , it may be more appropriate to see them as [other option] solutions to the problem of how to arrange functional alignment within the enterprise .

The amount and timing of future cash flows resulting from a proposed investment are estimated ; then they are discounted by the estimated return on an alternative , external investment of the same size and aggregated to produce a ‘ net present value ’ .
the amount and timing of future cash flows resulting from a proposed investment are estimated ; then they are discounted by the estimated return on an [other option] , external investment of the same size and aggregated to produce a ‘ net present value ’ .

In particular it relies on estimating the final cost of the investment , the amount and timing of returns , the rate of return on the alternative investment ( the ‘ hurdle rate ’ ) and the rate of real deterioration of items of productive capital .
in particular it relies on estimating the final cost of the investment , the amount and timing of returns , the rate of return on the [other option] investment ( the ‘ hurdle rate ’ ) and the rate of real deterioration of items of productive capital .

where the tenant has been offered suitable alternative premises by the landlord ;
where the tenant has been offered suitable [other option] premises by the landlord ;

This may also be the case for the participant , either because the cosmologies themselves , which are often contradictory , admit of an alternative , mythical , more individualistic model of freedom , or because that alternative is evident in the nearby cities , where its attractions outweigh the possible negative features .
this may also be the case for the participant , either because the cosmologies themselves , which are often contradictory , admit of an [other option] , mythical , more individualistic model of freedom , or because that [other option] is evident in the nearby cities , where its attractions outweigh the possible negative features .

Non-financial reward for services is likely to be of a highly specific , immediate and implicated form ; financial recompense , however , may be translated at any time into a large range of goods and alternative services , according to the desire of the recipient .
non-financial reward for services is likely to be of a highly specific , immediate and implicated form ; financial recompense , however , may be translated at any time into a large range of goods and [other option] services , according to the desire of the recipient .

In many respects , Weber provides an alternative source for a study of the rise of abstraction , the attitudes which relate to it , and the institutions it produced .
in many respects , weber provides an [other option] source for a study of the rise of abstraction , the attitudes which relate to it , and the institutions it produced .

As an alternative perspective on infant development , Melanie Klein 's article ‘ Notes on some Schizoid Mechanisms ’ ( 1975 : 1–24 ) , provides a rather more sophisticated analysis of actual mechanisms which may be involved in ontogenesis , revealing a more complex cycle of interaction between subject and object , which does not presuppose an entirely positive sequence of development .
as an [other option] perspective on infant development , melanie klein 's article ‘ notes on some schizoid mechanisms ’ ( 1975 : 1–24 ) , provides a rather more sophisticated analysis of actual mechanisms which may be involved in ontogenesis , revealing a more complex cycle of interaction between subject and object , which does not presuppose an entirely positive sequence of development .

This provides a link with the more general tradition developed from Freud , which emphasizes the unconscious as an alternative site for the study of the contradictory nature of the individual ( and social ) body , especially in its relations with the external world seen as a ‘ reality principle ’ .
this provides a link with the more general tradition developed from freud , which emphasizes the unconscious as an [other option] site for the study of the contradictory nature of the individual ( and social ) body , especially in its relations with the external world seen as a ‘ reality principle ’ .

In most cases a single example of the relationships between the object and a given contextual domain has been selected for illustrative purposes , although it will be obvious that there is a vast number of alternative relevant instances .
in most cases a single example of the relationships between the object and a given contextual domain has been selected for illustrative purposes , although it will be obvious that there is a vast number of [other option] relevant instances .

Nation-states define themselves , in part , in terms of what they are not ; that is , by setting themselves in opposition to alternative degenerate or ideal societies .
nation-states define themselves , in part , in terms of what they are not ; that is , by setting themselves in opposition to [other option] degenerate or ideal societies .

In practice , however , both are cosmological pretensions which achieve their aim only by virtue of the object 's other ability to keep apart the many alternative orders and demands which would threaten the purity of these abstractions .
in practice , however , both are cosmological pretensions which achieve their aim only by virtue of the object 's other ability to keep apart the many [other option] orders and demands which would threaten the purity of these abstractions .

1981 ) include lengthy accounts of patterns of consumption in food , textiles and housing , which have been followed up by the Annales school of historians ( see also Elias 1978 ; Sombart 1967 for alternative traditions ) .
1981 ) include lengthy accounts of patterns of consumption in food , textiles and housing , which have been followed up by the annales school of historians ( see also elias 1978 ; sombart 1967 for [other option] traditions ) .

An alternative approach , which will be adopted in this chapter , is to concentrate rather on the possibility of identifying divisions which pertain to particular object domains and which may not be consistent with any cohesive representation or society .
an [other option] approach , which will be adopted in this chapter , is to concentrate rather on the possibility of identifying divisions which pertain to particular object domains and which may not be consistent with any cohesive representation or society .

The implication , however , that these differences represent actual conflicts in society or the emergence of competing and alternative traditions is quite false .
the implication , however , that these differences represent actual conflicts in society or the emergence of competing and [other option] traditions is quite false .

This analysis of the dominant building styles of our society suggests that a set of representations derived from the interests and perspectives of a particular group in society not only denies access to this aspect of culture to alternative perspectives , but at the same time causes these representations to appear to be the image of those who have been excluded .
this analysis of the dominant building styles of our society suggests that a set of representations derived from the interests and perspectives of a particular group in society not only denies access to this aspect of culture to [other option] perspectives , but at the same time causes these representations to appear to be the image of those who have been excluded .

Historical analysis suggests that the argument that the perspectives of dominant groups are so pervasive as to permit no alternative or popular forms of representation is untenable ( Abercrombie , Hill and Turner 1980 ) .
historical analysis suggests that the argument that the perspectives of dominant groups are so pervasive as to permit no [other option] or popular forms of representation is untenable ( abercrombie , hill and turner 1980 ) .

The third servant simply buried the funds entrusted to him in a hole in the ground for safekeeping and was condemned for his worthlessness because he had not even taken the ( virtually riskless ) alternative of leaving the money on deposit with the bankers .
the third servant simply buried the funds entrusted to him in a hole in the ground for safekeeping and was condemned for his worthlessness because he had not even taken the ( virtually riskless ) [other option] of leaving the money on deposit with the bankers .

The opening paragraphs of this chapter discuss alternative concepts of accountability in order to recognize that , while financial accountability is important , it is but part of a larger canvas .
the opening paragraphs of this chapter discuss [other option] concepts of accountability in order to recognize that , while financial accountability is important , it is but part of a larger canvas .

Alternative Concepts of Accountability
[other option] concepts of accountability

There have emerged alternative views of what accountability entails , involving different answers to both the substance and form of the account .
there have emerged [other option] views of what accountability entails , involving different answers to both the substance and form of the account .

Management therefore need information that helps them determine the cost and effectiveness of alternative programmes given a variety of resource constraints ( typically the imposition of cash limits and target staffing levels ) .
management therefore need information that helps them determine the cost and effectiveness of [other option] programmes given a variety of resource constraints ( typically the imposition of cash limits and target staffing levels ) .

Lenders ' information needs are concerned with the ability of the government to meet its contractual obligations , as well as information that enables them to compare the return they receive with alternative investments .
lenders ' information needs are concerned with the ability of the government to meet its contractual obligations , as well as information that enables them to compare the return they receive with [other option] investments .

Two alternative approaches to programme budgeting will be considered in the next chapter .
two [other option] approaches to programme budgeting will be considered in the next chapter .

Succeeding chapters will introduce further examples of conflict arising out of the adoption of alternative accounting policies .
succeeding chapters will introduce further examples of conflict arising out of the adoption of [other option] accounting policies .

An alternative approach is programme budgeting .
an [other option] approach is programme budgeting .

The possible alternative programmes which may be used to fulfil the desired objectives are compared based on the effectiveness of each in achieving the organisational objectives .
the possible [other option] programmes which may be used to fulfil the desired objectives are compared based on the effectiveness of each in achieving the organisational objectives .

Special Materials The development of this system was complemented by the development of analytical techniques for evaluating weapon systems and other alternative defence strategies .
special materials the development of this system was complemented by the development of analytical techniques for evaluating weapon systems and other [other option] defence strategies .

take better policy decisions by assisting them to work out the implications of their basic strategy in terms of policies in specific areas , to establish the relative priorities to be given to the different sectors of their programme as a whole , to identify those areas of policy in which new choices can be exercised and to ensure that the underlying implications of alternative courses of action are fully analysed and considered .
take better policy decisions by assisting them to work out the implications of their basic strategy in terms of policies in specific areas , to establish the relative priorities to be given to the different sectors of their programme as a whole , to identify those areas of policy in which new choices can be exercised and to ensure that the underlying implications of [other option] courses of action are fully analysed and considered .

The cost of using the machine in the project is equal to the worth of the best ( and in this case , only ) alternative forgone ; that is , its current sales price of £4,200 .
the cost of using the machine in the project is equal to the worth of the best ( and in this case , only ) [other option] forgone ; that is , its current sales price of £4,200 .

Using the opportunity cost concept , we consider the alternative .
using the opportunity cost concept , we consider the [other option] .

The need is to consider the economic life cycle of each alternative in order to determine the optimal replacement .
the need is to consider the economic life cycle of each [other option] in order to determine the optimal replacement .

Broadly speaking , for the more precise concept of revenue in the private sector firm the accountant substitutes the less precise , but more meaningful , concept of social opportunity cost — the social value forgone when the resources in question are moved away from alternative economic activities into the specific project .
broadly speaking , for the more precise concept of revenue in the private sector firm the accountant substitutes the less precise , but more meaningful , concept of social opportunity cost — the social value forgone when the resources in question are moved away from [other option] economic activities into the specific project .

The auditor must examine whether resources could be put to alternative uses , whether objectives could be achieved by an alternative strategy and ( if practicable ) compare the operations of one particular department with another .
the auditor must examine whether resources could be put to [other option] uses , whether objectives could be achieved by an [other option] strategy and ( if practicable ) compare the operations of one particular department with another .

The remaining material in Volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the English , Scottish and Welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .
the remaining material in volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the english , scottish and welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in [other option] ways , as technical releases , in the spring .

He then spent many years at night in the New York public library searching for an alternative method , and eventually discovered one in reading about the well-known principle of the photoconductor — a substance that will hold a charge of electricity in the dark , but not in the light .
he then spent many years at night in the new york public library searching for an [other option] method , and eventually discovered one in reading about the well-known principle of the photoconductor — a substance that will hold a charge of electricity in the dark , but not in the light .

Factors influencing success include the likelihood of alternative technologies being chosen .
factors influencing success include the likelihood of [other option] technologies being chosen .

An alternative image of visionary leadership might be that of a drama .
an [other option] image of visionary leadership might be that of a drama .

In summary , the use of the metaphor of drama has allowed us to construct an alternative model of visionary leadership , one of dynamic interaction rather than unidirectional flow , a process of craft and repetition rather than simple cognition , brought to bear in the communication of affect as well as effect .
in summary , the use of the metaphor of drama has allowed us to construct an [other option] model of visionary leadership , one of dynamic interaction rather than unidirectional flow , a process of craft and repetition rather than simple cognition , brought to bear in the communication of affect as well as effect .

The alternative , allowing individuals or individual committees to operate without supervision , would also incur costs .
the [other option] , allowing individuals or individual committees to operate without supervision , would also incur costs .

One alternative is total responsibility ; one department is then responsible for the whole project .
one [other option] is total responsibility ; one department is then responsible for the whole project .

Another alternative is divided responsibility ; it then rests with the functional departments involved and changes from department to department as the project moves ahead .
another [other option] is divided responsibility ; it then rests with the functional departments involved and changes from department to department as the project moves ahead .

There is , however , an alternative in the Overlapping Approach category .
there is , however , an [other option] in the overlapping approach category .

Most British coal mines are outside the main industrial conurbations , and their employees live in isolated settlements — ‘ pit villages ’ — which offer no alternative work and are not very accessible to other employment opportunities .
most british coal mines are outside the main industrial conurbations , and their employees live in isolated settlements — ‘ pit villages ’ — which offer no [other option] work and are not very accessible to other employment opportunities .

In addition , most of those relatively close to other industrial settlements are in areas where the alternative sources of employment , such as the iron and steel and heavy engineering industries , are also in decline .
in addition , most of those relatively close to other industrial settlements are in areas where the [other option] sources of employment , such as the iron and steel and heavy engineering industries , are also in decline .

An alternative explanation focuses on self-interest , arguing that miners in areas most under threat by the policies over which there is conflict would be much more likely to strike than would those in areas little , if at all , affected .
an [other option] explanation focuses on self-interest , arguing that miners in areas most under threat by the policies over which there is conflict would be much more likely to strike than would those in areas little , if at all , affected .

( Jones and Kodras , 1986 , p. 52 , suggest a more economic interpretation , involving the white population attempting ‘ to preserve a low-wage labor-force for agriculture and labor-intensive industries by , among other things , ensuring that welfare programs present no viable alternative to labor in the fields or factories ’ . )
( jones and kodras , 1986 , p. 52 , suggest a more economic interpretation , involving the white population attempting ‘ to preserve a low-wage labor-force for agriculture and labor-intensive industries by , among other things , ensuring that welfare programs present no viable [other option] to labor in the fields or factories ’ . )

This means that something at least must be said about alternative types of ambiguity , although a detailed treatment would be well beyond the scope of this book .
this means that something at least must be said about [other option] types of ambiguity , although a detailed treatment would be well beyond the scope of this book .

It would , however , be more advantageous for our purposes to be able to say that they were alternative manifestations of the same lexical unit obey .
it would , however , be more advantageous for our purposes to be able to say that they were [other option] manifestations of the same lexical unit obey .

For lexical units with identical grammatical properties , two alternative criteria for membership of the same lexeme will be proposed .
for lexical units with identical grammatical properties , two [other option] criteria for membership of the same lexeme will be proposed .

The alternative criterion for assigning lexical units to a single lexeme is that their senses should be local senses belonging to the same sense-spectrum .
the [other option] criterion for assigning lexical units to a single lexeme is that their senses should be local senses belonging to the same sense-spectrum .

Syntagmatic aspects of lexical meaning , on the other hand , serve discourse cohesion , adding necessary informational redundancy to the message , at the same time controlling the semantic contribution of individual utterance elements through disambiguation , for instance , or by signalling alternative — e.g .
syntagmatic aspects of lexical meaning , on the other hand , serve discourse cohesion , adding necessary informational redundancy to the message , at the same time controlling the semantic contribution of individual utterance elements through disambiguation , for instance , or by signalling [other option] — e.g .

Thus in describing the perspectives of various groups on school accountability , the East Sussex Accountability Project 's alternative classification ( moral , professional and contractual accountability ) is probably more useful .
thus in describing the perspectives of various groups on school accountability , the east sussex accountability project 's [other option] classification ( moral , professional and contractual accountability ) is probably more useful .

Some of this criticism still applies but what is perhaps more important is the alternative formulation that Stenhouse offered .
some of this criticism still applies but what is perhaps more important is the [other option] formulation that stenhouse offered .

Simons 's argument appeals to common sense but we need to bear in mind an alternative point of view .
simons 's argument appeals to common sense but we need to bear in mind an [other option] point of view .

Suffice it here to say that there have emerged other groups of educationists who present alternative views .
suffice it here to say that there have emerged other groups of educationists who present [other option] views .

The critique of the objectives model and the erection of an alternative paradigm was the central theme of an important book by Stenhouse ( 1975 ) .
the critique of the objectives model and the erection of an [other option] paradigm was the central theme of an important book by stenhouse ( 1975 ) .

The new fields were hedged around with quickset , whitethorn , or hawthorn , to give its alternative names , with a shallow ditch on one side or both sides of the fence .
the new fields were hedged around with quickset , whitethorn , or hawthorn , to give its [other option] names , with a shallow ditch on one side or both sides of the fence .

Some of the alternative explanations and differences of interpretation are covered in the marginal notes to this chapter , but it is perhaps worth mentioning others at greater length here .
some of the [other option] explanations and differences of interpretation are covered in the marginal notes to this chapter , but it is perhaps worth mentioning others at greater length here .

Nowadays , especially in Spain , Basque is being defiantly flaunted as an alternative to the national language ; but in France it is at risk , spoken at home by Basque families but discouraged in schools , as a lesser , marginal language likely to hold its speakers back economically .
nowadays , especially in spain , basque is being defiantly flaunted as an [other option] to the national language ; but in france it is at risk , spoken at home by basque families but discouraged in schools , as a lesser , marginal language likely to hold its speakers back economically .

The alternative focus to the harbour in Saint-Jean is the church of Saint-Jean-Baptiste , which must be the largest of all the Basque churches .
the [other option] focus to the harbour in saint-jean is the church of saint-jean-baptiste , which must be the largest of all the basque churches .

At Gédre , you can turn off the Gavarnie road to the east and drive up to the alternative Cirque de Troumouse .
at gédre , you can turn off the gavarnie road to the east and drive up to the [other option] cirque de troumouse .

Despite its apparent relativism , in practice it defined alternative centres of cultural authority primarily in terms of their difference from the norm of English culture , not in their uniqueness and their discontinuities .
despite its apparent relativism , in practice it defined [other option] centres of cultural authority primarily in terms of their difference from the norm of english culture , not in their uniqueness and their discontinuities .

The alternative he poses is the creation of a radical , democratic civil society by linking immediate local concerns to globalizing economic and political developments .
the [other option] he poses is the creation of a radical , democratic civil society by linking immediate local concerns to globalizing economic and political developments .

As an alternative , he offers a reasoned defence of the demands of community understood in more traditional terms .
as an [other option] , he offers a reasoned defence of the demands of community understood in more traditional terms .

The point is not simply to abandon this type of teaching but to acknowledge and analyse its limitations in the light of a more complex understanding of the nature of racism and to develop forms of educational engagement more likely to open up racist subjectivities and common sense to alternative discourses .
the point is not simply to abandon this type of teaching but to acknowledge and analyse its limitations in the light of a more complex understanding of the nature of racism and to develop forms of educational engagement more likely to open up racist subjectivities and common sense to [other option] discourses .

Nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .
nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of [other option] curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .

An alternative framework
an [other option] framework

Having set out a critique of multicultural and antiracist conceptions of racism and elements of an alternative theorization , it is time to turn to notions of culture in multiculturalism and antiracism .
having set out a critique of multicultural and antiracist conceptions of racism and elements of an [other option] theorization , it is time to turn to notions of culture in multiculturalism and antiracism .

It is often said that one of the problems with antiracism is that it knows what it is against , but not what it is for . But do we really know enough about the whys and wherefores of racism ? If not , then perhaps the models of racism which are implicitly or explicitly present in antiracist policies and practices may be inhibiting the development of more positive and effective strategies ? What alternative models are possible ?
it is often said that one of the problems with antiracism is that it knows what it is against , but not what it is for . but do we really know enough about the whys and wherefores of racism ? if not , then perhaps the models of racism which are implicitly or explicitly present in antiracist policies and practices may be inhibiting the development of more positive and effective strategies ? what [other option] models are possible ?

per month out of their wages to support the Royal Naval Hospital at Greenwich which should act as an alternative to the parish relief which few sailors were able to claim even if they wished to do so .
per month out of their wages to support the royal naval hospital at greenwich which should act as an [other option] to the parish relief which few sailors were able to claim even if they wished to do so .

An alternative was needed .
an [other option] was needed .

An alternative version is that the visit of Tupper and Hopkins resulted from an accusation by Shinwell that French , the branch secretary , had misappropriated funds .
an [other option] version is that the visit of tupper and hopkins resulted from an accusation by shinwell that french , the branch secretary , had misappropriated funds .

Our case studies [ see Chapters 5–7 ] , which make reference to the environment in which users of temporary labour are operating , give some indication of the importance of alternative employment opportunities ( or the lack of them ) in explaining the labour market behaviour of at least some temporary workers .
our case studies [ see chapters 5–7 ] , which make reference to the environment in which users of temporary labour are operating , give some indication of the importance of [other option] employment opportunities ( or the lack of them ) in explaining the labour market behaviour of at least some temporary workers .

An organization would be most unlikely to dismiss them without good reason , and if it were to they would have little difficulty finding alternative work .
an organization would be most unlikely to dismiss them without good reason , and if it were to they would have little difficulty finding [other option] work .

Many , however , also pointed out that the organisations in which they were working had little alternative to some recourse to temporary working .
many , however , also pointed out that the organisations in which they were working had little [other option] to some recourse to temporary working .

We suggest that , whilst there might appear to be a substitution of temporary for regular workers , the alternative to temporary working would probably be more hiring and firing and more temporary lay-offs .
we suggest that , whilst there might appear to be a substitution of temporary for regular workers , the [other option] to temporary working would probably be more hiring and firing and more temporary lay-offs .

Because of their irregular participation in the labour market most seasonal workers would not have paid or had credited to them sufficient social security contributions to be eligible for the alternative , less generous state sickness benefit .
because of their irregular participation in the labour market most seasonal workers would not have paid or had credited to them sufficient social security contributions to be eligible for the [other option] , less generous state sickness benefit .

There was probably no ( easy ) alternative to the use of temporary workers ; and if they were to be employed , at least such workers should otherwise have the same rights as regular workers .
there was probably no ( easy ) [other option] to the use of temporary workers ; and if they were to be employed , at least such workers should otherwise have the same rights as regular workers .

It is here that alternative approaches are discussed and weighted , and this leads ultimately to a refined solution .
it is here that [other option] approaches are discussed and weighted , and this leads ultimately to a refined solution .

The design process thus evolves around analysing alternative proposals until the correct ( or most acceptable ) compromise is found .
the design process thus evolves around analysing [other option] proposals until the correct ( or most acceptable ) compromise is found .

Many alternative schemes may need to be compared and their effectiveness evaluated .
many [other option] schemes may need to be compared and their effectiveness evaluated .

The scheming phase is thus employed to refine the elements being detailed ; studies on cost effectiveness can be conducted and alternative schemes evaluated .
the scheming phase is thus employed to refine the elements being detailed ; studies on cost effectiveness can be conducted and [other option] schemes evaluated .

Multiple drawings can be inserted in order that alternative arrangements may be considered and compared .
multiple drawings can be inserted in order that [other option] arrangements may be considered and compared .

Alternative arrangements can be developed and their performances assessed , and areas of possible problems can be identified and alleviated at an early stage of the design .
[other option] arrangements can be developed and their performances assessed , and areas of possible problems can be identified and alleviated at an early stage of the design .

As an alternative assembly procedure , it is not only possible to attach one model to another but also to declare that this model is inserted into the model space of the other .
as an [other option] assembly procedure , it is not only possible to attach one model to another but also to declare that this model is inserted into the model space of the other .

Amongst them are found the last adepts of controlled altered states , out-of-the-body experience , psycho-navigation , environmental wisdom and time-honoured alternative methods of giving birth , healing , living and dying .
amongst them are found the last adepts of controlled altered states , out-of-the-body experience , psycho-navigation , environmental wisdom and time-honoured [other option] methods of giving birth , healing , living and dying .

This alternative to the lecture is probably the most rewarding method of sharing knowledge , but it demands a much greater enthusiasm and interest by the student .
this [other option] to the lecture is probably the most rewarding method of sharing knowledge , but it demands a much greater enthusiasm and interest by the student .

This may be because birds find scent cues particularly reliable cues in Italy , whereas in other parts of the world alternative guides are more important .
this may be because birds find scent cues particularly reliable cues in italy , whereas in other parts of the world [other option] guides are more important .

Yet another alternative form is obtained by using spherical coordinates in which appears as .
yet another [other option] form is obtained by using spherical coordinates in which appears as .

We shall , therefore , introduce a number of alternative formulations .
we shall , therefore , introduce a number of [other option] formulations .

An alternative method is to derive first the energy of a circuit ( or circuits ) and then use the principle of virtual work to find the force .
an [other option] method is to derive first the energy of a circuit ( or circuits ) and then use the principle of virtual work to find the force .

The alternative , however , involves the writing back into section 1 ( 1 ) of words which the legislature , no doubt deliberately , omitted , and the re-introduction into the criminal law of the distinction between larceny by a trick and obtaining by false pretences .
the [other option] , however , involves the writing back into section 1 ( 1 ) of words which the legislature , no doubt deliberately , omitted , and the re-introduction into the criminal law of the distinction between larceny by a trick and obtaining by false pretences .

The [ Act of 1916 ] itself provided for an alternative form of stealing — larceny by a bailee who ‘ fraudently converts ’ the bailed goods .
the [ act of 1916 ] itself provided for an [other option] form of stealing — larceny by a bailee who ‘ fraudently converts ’ the bailed goods .

In such a case , the alternative orders would apply : Cossacks should be evacuated to 12 Army Group , Yugoslavs should be evacuated to Italy .
in such a case , the [other option] orders would apply : cossacks should be evacuated to 12 army group , yugoslavs should be evacuated to italy .

Herbaceous borders or mixed borders , or even the island beds of herbaceous perennials which make an interesting alternative , are a standard feature in many gardens , but few garden-owners take the word `` herbaceous `` literally and grow nothing but herbs in their beds or borders .
herbaceous borders or mixed borders , or even the island beds of herbaceous perennials which make an interesting [other option] , are a standard feature in many gardens , but few garden-owners take the word `` herbaceous `` literally and grow nothing but herbs in their beds or borders .

The alternative name for a close relation , Hamburg parsley , is turnip-rooted , the root being the part for which it is grown , and ordinary parsley tends to follow the same root pattern .
the [other option] name for a close relation , hamburg parsley , is turnip-rooted , the root being the part for which it is grown , and ordinary parsley tends to follow the same root pattern .

young leaves as alternative to spinach ; blanched stems one used like celery
young leaves as [other option] to spinach ; blanched stems one used like celery

It had considerable domestic use , and its alternative common name gives the clue to its culinary use .
it had considerable domestic use , and its [other option] common name gives the clue to its culinary use .

It was much used in Germany and Denmark as an alternative to mustard during the Middle Ages .
it was much used in germany and denmark as an [other option] to mustard during the middle ages .

young fresh leaves and stems , as spinach alternative , added to casseroles , to make cheese , and nettle beer
young fresh leaves and stems , as spinach [other option] , added to casseroles , to make cheese , and nettle beer

An alternative to the scanning hypothesis of laterality differences in tachistoscopic recognition is that , with unilateral stimulus presentation at least , words ( Terrace , 1959 ) and letters ( Bryden , 1966 ) and material for which a verbal label is readily available ( Wyke and Ettlinger , 1961 ; Bryden and Rainey , 1963 ) are more accurately recognised in the right visual field as a consequence of the more direct neural pathway from the right than from the left side of fixation to language areas of the left cerebral hemisphere .
an [other option] to the scanning hypothesis of laterality differences in tachistoscopic recognition is that , with unilateral stimulus presentation at least , words ( terrace , 1959 ) and letters ( bryden , 1966 ) and material for which a verbal label is readily available ( wyke and ettlinger , 1961 ; bryden and rainey , 1963 ) are more accurately recognised in the right visual field as a consequence of the more direct neural pathway from the right than from the left side of fixation to language areas of the left cerebral hemisphere .

Just let your mind wander to sunnier climates and pretend you are indulging in your favourite pursuit , or as an alternative you can concentrate on getting each of your body to relax .
just let your mind wander to sunnier climates and pretend you are indulging in your favourite pursuit , or as an [other option] you can concentrate on getting each of your body to relax .

This makes it possible , for example , to have programmes with soundtracks in two languages or to have two alternative commentaries to the same set of pictures .
this makes it possible , for example , to have programmes with soundtracks in two languages or to have two [other option] commentaries to the same set of pictures .

This requirement is no different from any other kind of groupwork which allows for variation in pace of working and provides alternative tasks for those who finish first .
this requirement is no different from any other kind of groupwork which allows for variation in pace of working and provides [other option] tasks for those who finish first .

( b ) it is hoped that some or all of the alternative methods here are used and combined by the student in his own system .
( b ) it is hoped that some or all of the [other option] methods here are used and combined by the student in his own system .

You could substitute any of these alternative explanations as the key factor or phrase in the question e.g.
you could substitute any of these [other option] explanations as the key factor or phrase in the question e.g.

2. the simplicity and vagueness of the alternative question leaves a lot for the writer to provide .
2. the simplicity and vagueness of the [other option] question leaves a lot for the writer to provide .

MacDonald appealed to his colleagues to accept the larger economies … The alternative , if any senior ministers wished to resign , was the resignation of the whole Cabinet .
macdonald appealed to his colleagues to accept the larger economies … the [other option] , if any senior ministers wished to resign , was the resignation of the whole cabinet .

The argument runs as follows-when you enjoy an item of food you search for another one like it , only accepting an alternative if you are unsuccessful .
the argument runs as follows-when you enjoy an item of food you search for another one like it , only accepting an [other option] if you are unsuccessful .

If you like the alternative you search for another like that , and so on .
if you like the [other option] you search for another like that , and so on .

The sheltered shore enclaves contained a high proportion of adults , giving the impression of comparative longevity ( an alternative interpretation would suggest higher juvenile mortality ) .
the sheltered shore enclaves contained a high proportion of adults , giving the impression of comparative longevity ( an [other option] interpretation would suggest higher juvenile mortality ) .

So if a girl does not feel able to go and ask for the Pill , or if she is reluctant to use it because she sees it as a health risk , the alternative may be to use nothing .
so if a girl does not feel able to go and ask for the pill , or if she is reluctant to use it because she sees it as a health risk , the [other option] may be to use nothing .

Meanwhile , the only alternative seems to be for the baby to be looked after by her mother , and she will go and visit in the evenings when her father has gone off to his night work .
meanwhile , the only [other option] seems to be for the baby to be looked after by her mother , and she will go and visit in the evenings when her father has gone off to his night work .

There is another alternative for young girls who are pregnant and homeless .
there is another [other option] for young girls who are pregnant and homeless .

Mr. Williams should provide a real alternative to Belville .
mr. williams should provide a real [other option] to belville .

There is also an extensible breathing tube , to take air from above the surface , as an alternative to using the gill .
there is also an extensible breathing tube , to take air from above the surface , as an [other option] to using the gill .

These were Cypripack plastic media which Cyprio offer as a cheaper alternative to foam ( which they say is 3 to 8 times better than most plastic media ) .
these were cypripack plastic media which cyprio offer as a cheaper [other option] to foam ( which they say is 3 to 8 times better than most plastic media ) .

The alternative to cutting is , of course , not cutting .
the [other option] to cutting is , of course , not cutting .

The paper will be in two sections : the first will look at the effort to raise popular awareness of the root cause of ill health and to work towards an alternative health system .
the paper will be in two sections : the first will look at the effort to raise popular awareness of the root cause of ill health and to work towards an [other option] health system .

They are also helping to developing models for an alternative health system .
they are also helping to developing models for an [other option] health system .

All aspects of this alternative are being examined , ranging from training content and method for workers , relationships between professionals and communities , the process of identifying health needs and of managing and evaluating programmes and organizational forms and processes .
all aspects of this [other option] are being examined , ranging from training content and method for workers , relationships between professionals and communities , the process of identifying health needs and of managing and evaluating programmes and organizational forms and processes .

using illustrated cartoon sequences to show alternative ways of dealing with various child-rearing problems .
using illustrated cartoon sequences to show [other option] ways of dealing with various child-rearing problems .

And her sister Liz sat at home , missing all the fun , deaf to the call of the flesh , with her Alternative Mathematics , her Chemistry and her Biology , wasting her youth , wasting her opportunities , obeying the will of their mother , programmed , docile , chaste , pale .
and her sister liz sat at home , missing all the fun , deaf to the call of the flesh , with her [other option] mathematics , her chemistry and her biology , wasting her youth , wasting her opportunities , obeying the will of their mother , programmed , docile , chaste , pale .

Existing procedures no alternative to the lessons of science
existing procedures no [other option] to the lessons of science

It is , of course , important to improve the trial process as much as possible but the trial can not be expected to offer an alternative to testing by way of re-investigation for reasons similar to those that led us to reject prosecutorial review as an alternative .
it is , of course , important to improve the trial process as much as possible but the trial can not be expected to offer an [other option] to testing by way of re-investigation for reasons similar to those that led us to reject prosecutorial review as an [other option] .

and it can not produce an alternative to a defective police case .
and it can not produce an [other option] to a defective police case .

The alternative would be for the Court of Appeal to decide all the matters before it .
the [other option] would be for the court of appeal to decide all the matters before it .

Probably the best yet least clear-cut alternative is to let the hatred and anger of those around Saddam follow their course .
probably the best yet least clear-cut [other option] is to let the hatred and anger of those around saddam follow their course .

Marxist theory offers a radical alternative to functionalism .
marxist theory offers a radical [other option] to functionalism .

Marxist perspectives provide a radical alternative to functionalist views of the nature of social stratification .
marxist perspectives provide a radical [other option] to functionalist views of the nature of social stratification .

Thus it has supported research in the department of human morphology at the University of Nottingham into the possible use of the fluorescein leakage test as an alternative to the Draize rabbit eye irritancy test to measure the potentially harmful effects of cosmetics .
thus it has supported research in the department of human morphology at the university of nottingham into the possible use of the fluorescein leakage test as an [other option] to the draize rabbit eye irritancy test to measure the potentially harmful effects of cosmetics .

Diminishing environment returns from refinements to petrol-driven cars and uncertainty over which alternative power sources to pursue will complicate the plan , according to motor industry experts who last week testified before the clean air and nuclear regulation subcommittee of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee .
diminishing environment returns from refinements to petrol-driven cars and uncertainty over which [other option] power sources to pursue will complicate the plan , according to motor industry experts who last week testified before the clean air and nuclear regulation subcommittee of the senate environment and public works committee .

While admitting that some of this funding could have displaced other funding sources — for example , technicians in short supply would likely have found alternative work — the authors of the report , Robin Brighton and Virginia Aschas , say that they also found clear evidence of economic gain .
while admitting that some of this funding could have displaced other funding sources — for example , technicians in short supply would likely have found [other option] work — the authors of the report , robin brighton and virginia aschas , say that they also found clear evidence of economic gain .

Heath has proposed an alternative ‘ fullerene-road ’ scheme in which fullerenes are formed in the size range of 30–40 carbon atoms and grow by the addition of small carbon radicals .
heath has proposed an [other option] ‘ fullerene-road ’ scheme in which fullerenes are formed in the size range of 30–40 carbon atoms and grow by the addition of small carbon radicals .

Since the war had interrupted his career as a merchant , Peto needed to find an alternative outlet for his many talents and interests , and when childhood friend Ervin Marton , a photographer and designer domiciled in France , introduced him to photography , he quickly realised that he had found his true artistic vocation .
since the war had interrupted his career as a merchant , peto needed to find an [other option] outlet for his many talents and interests , and when childhood friend ervin marton , a photographer and designer domiciled in france , introduced him to photography , he quickly realised that he had found his true artistic vocation .

’ The petitioner pleaded in reply that no binding compromise had been reached and asserted , in the alternative that the compromise agreement had been cancelled by the failure on the part of the respondents to pay the sums due to be paid thereunder .
’ the petitioner pleaded in reply that no binding compromise had been reached and asserted , in the [other option] that the compromise agreement had been cancelled by the failure on the part of the respondents to pay the sums due to be paid thereunder .

When falsificationism was introduced as an alternative to inductivism in the previous chapter , falsifications , that is , the failures of theories to stand up to observational and experimental tests , were portrayed as being of key importance .
when falsificationism was introduced as an [other option] to inductivism in the previous chapter , falsifications , that is , the failures of theories to stand up to observational and experimental tests , were portrayed as being of key importance .

The dependence of the meaning of concepts on the structure of the theory in which they occur , and the dependence of the precision of the former on the precision and degree of coherence of the latter , can be made more plausible by noting the limitations of some alternative ways in which a concept might be thought to acquire meaning .
the dependence of the meaning of concepts on the structure of the theory in which they occur , and the dependence of the precision of the former on the precision and degree of coherence of the latter , can be made more plausible by noting the limitations of some [other option] ways in which a concept might be thought to acquire meaning .

One such alternative is the view that concepts acquire their meaning by way of a definition .
one such [other option] is the view that concepts acquire their meaning by way of a definition .

Nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .
nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible [other option] .

The change of allegiance on the part of individual scientists from one paradigm to an incompatible alternative is likened by Kuhn to a ‘ gestalt switch ’ or a ‘ religious conversion ’ .
the change of allegiance on the part of individual scientists from one paradigm to an incompatible [other option] is likened by kuhn to a ‘ gestalt switch ’ or a ‘ religious conversion ’ .

Progress through revolutions is Kuhn 's alternative to the cumulative progress characteristic of inductivist accounts of science .
progress through revolutions is kuhn 's [other option] to the cumulative progress characteristic of inductivist accounts of science .

At one place he described the statement ‘ physics has higher verisimilitude than astrology ’ as plausible and asks why it should not be accepted as long as no serious alternative is offered .
at one place he described the statement ‘ physics has higher verisimilitude than astrology ’ as plausible and asks why it should not be accepted as long as no serious [other option] is offered .

Finally , the fundamental problem of a lack of suitable alternative jobs in rural areas , compounded by the effects of economic recession in the early 1980s , serve to keep local wages low .
finally , the fundamental problem of a lack of suitable [other option] jobs in rural areas , compounded by the effects of economic recession in the early 1980s , serve to keep local wages low .

The lack of alternative employment is also a cause of rural out-migration .
the lack of [other option] employment is also a cause of rural out-migration .

Cairncross ( 1949 ) has argued that , as rural-urban migration in the nineteenth century was greater in the more prosperous farming areas surrounding towns , the attraction , or ‘ pull ’ , of alternative jobs and higher wages must have been more important than the ‘ push ’ from the decline of farm jobs and the low wages in farming .
cairncross ( 1949 ) has argued that , as rural-urban migration in the nineteenth century was greater in the more prosperous farming areas surrounding towns , the attraction , or ‘ pull ’ , of [other option] jobs and higher wages must have been more important than the ‘ push ’ from the decline of farm jobs and the low wages in farming .

Among the reasons are greater mobility before retirement , which enables them to acquaint themselves with alternative residential locations , and the financial advantages of moving from larger to smaller houses , perhaps in less expensive areas ( Law and Warnes 1976 ) .
among the reasons are greater mobility before retirement , which enables them to acquaint themselves with [other option] residential locations , and the financial advantages of moving from larger to smaller houses , perhaps in less expensive areas ( law and warnes 1976 ) .

In addition , the relatively small number of alternative dwellings available to families who have to live in specific rural locations may mean that they have to take and retain whatever dwelling is available , whether or not it is appropriate to their needs .
in addition , the relatively small number of [other option] dwellings available to families who have to live in specific rural locations may mean that they have to take and retain whatever dwelling is available , whether or not it is appropriate to their needs .

For many , the only alternative rural accommodation may be m. a caravan , seasonally almost as expensive as a holiday investment home .
for many , the only [other option] rural accommodation may be m. a caravan , seasonally almost as expensive as a holiday investment home .

Probably the most important ‘ alternative ’ tenure — that provided by housing associations — is really a supplement to the existing owner-occupied and public rented sectors .
probably the most important ‘ [other option] ’ tenure — that provided by housing associations — is really a supplement to the existing owner-occupied and public rented sectors .

Other alternative schemes in rural areas include conjoint ventures between local authorities and private developers , and self-build schemes .
other [other option] schemes in rural areas include conjoint ventures between local authorities and private developers , and self-build schemes .

Relatively few rural residents appear to rely solely on public transport , perhaps because it is not regarded nowadays as a worthwhile alternative — Moseley et al .
relatively few rural residents appear to rely solely on public transport , perhaps because it is not regarded nowadays as a worthwhile [other option] — moseley et al .

Therefore , the Beeching proposals were quite drastic , although arguably there was no commercial alternative to closing numerous uneconomic lines .
therefore , the beeching proposals were quite drastic , although arguably there was no commercial [other option] to closing numerous uneconomic lines .

The format for statutory planning has also changed , so that there is now greater public participation in the identification and evaluation of key issues , more formal examination in public and the presentation of several alternative planning options rather than a single final plan .
the format for statutory planning has also changed , so that there is now greater public participation in the identification and evaluation of key issues , more formal examination in public and the presentation of several [other option] planning options rather than a single final plan .

The criticisms outlined above have not been completely ignored by the planners , since , although the new structure plans still exhibit a keen adherence to key settlement policies ( National Council of Social Service 1979 ; Shaw and Williams 1981 ) , alternative settlement policies have also been considered .
the criticisms outlined above have not been completely ignored by the planners , since , although the new structure plans still exhibit a keen adherence to key settlement policies ( national council of social service 1979 ; shaw and williams 1981 ) , [other option] settlement policies have also been considered .

( vi ) If the court should hold that a right to sue in libel must be allowed to a local government authority , then , in the alternative , this court should , in extending the law of libel to permit actions by a local authority , impose particular restrictions or limitations upon the cause of action , namely that a local authority could only sue for libel upon proof of special damage ; and that the council would be required to prove both the falsity of the allegation and that it was published maliciously .
( vi ) if the court should hold that a right to sue in libel must be allowed to a local government authority , then , in the [other option] , this court should , in extending the law of libel to permit actions by a local authority , impose particular restrictions or limitations upon the cause of action , namely that a local authority could only sue for libel upon proof of special damage ; and that the council would be required to prove both the falsity of the allegation and that it was published maliciously .

Mr. Lester suggested as an alternative argument that this court should impose conditions upon the right of a local authority to sue for libel , such as the requirement to prove special damage .
mr. lester suggested as an [other option] argument that this court should impose conditions upon the right of a local authority to sue for libel , such as the requirement to prove special damage .

This alternative formulation would then capture the considerable profits made by writers such as Truman Capote or Norman Mailer , or by ghost writers , script writers or film producers .
this [other option] formulation would then capture the considerable profits made by writers such as truman capote or norman mailer , or by ghost writers , script writers or film producers .

An alternative approach is to recognise the possibility of a more broadly-based balancing of the competing interests involved .
an [other option] approach is to recognise the possibility of a more broadly-based balancing of the competing interests involved .

For anyone who regards language as the canonical form of human communication , the answer would probably be ‘ Not much is left over ’ and the residue , such as it is , is either a redundant supplement to words — something which the telephone shows we can do without — or else a sadly impoverished alternative which we are sometimes compelled to use when circumstances make the ordinary use of words awkward or impossible .
for anyone who regards language as the canonical form of human communication , the answer would probably be ‘ not much is left over ’ and the residue , such as it is , is either a redundant supplement to words — something which the telephone shows we can do without — or else a sadly impoverished [other option] which we are sometimes compelled to use when circumstances make the ordinary use of words awkward or impossible .

As an alternative to such subtle rearticulations , Corvan can provide a straightforward send-up .
as an [other option] to such subtle rearticulations , corvan can provide a straightforward send-up .

Jazz here is ‘ about fidelity , about the sole real art there is , about what one must be true to , come hell or high water ; what must be done to the point of collapse ( Škvorecký 1980 : 8 , 20 ) ; and in Škvoreck ý 's ; own Czechoslovakia , the persecution in the mid-1980s of the ‘ Jazz Section ’ — which has supported rock and punk as well as jazz — confirms the subversive potency and ‘ alternative ’ status , still , of this music .
jazz here is ‘ about fidelity , about the sole real art there is , about what one must be true to , come hell or high water ; what must be done to the point of collapse ( škvorecký 1980 : 8 , 20 ) ; and in škvoreck ý 's ; own czechoslovakia , the persecution in the mid-1980s of the ‘ jazz section ’ — which has supported rock and punk as well as jazz — confirms the subversive potency and ‘ [other option] ’ status , still , of this music .

Adorno speaks from the vantage-point of modernism ( though , as we have seen , he arguably gives this too monolithic an interpretation ) : his ideal is an individual critique , which is negative in relation to society but also constitutes a positive synthesis — an alternative .
adorno speaks from the vantage-point of modernism ( though , as we have seen , he arguably gives this too monolithic an interpretation ) : his ideal is an individual critique , which is negative in relation to society but also constitutes a positive synthesis — an [other option] .

Second , and more substantial , there is the kind of objection to proposals linked to an Alternative Economic Strategy which has been raised by Cutler et al .
second , and more substantial , there is the kind of objection to proposals linked to an [other option] economic strategy which has been raised by cutler et al .

Small-scale production may have a certain place within a socialist economy but as a general alternative to modern large-scale industry it is merely utopian .
small-scale production may have a certain place within a socialist economy but as a general [other option] to modern large-scale industry it is merely utopian .

It becomes very hard to see how the ‘ revolutionary moment ’ will ever arise in the absence of struggles to construct alternative forms of social organisation of production which might ‘ prefigure ’ and win support for socialist objectives unless , in a surely discredited formula , oppositional industrial militancy has an intrinsic tendency to revolutionary socialism .
it becomes very hard to see how the ‘ revolutionary moment ’ will ever arise in the absence of struggles to construct [other option] forms of social organisation of production which might ‘ prefigure ’ and win support for socialist objectives unless , in a surely discredited formula , oppositional industrial militancy has an intrinsic tendency to revolutionary socialism .

What is perhaps more surprising from a Marxist viewpoint is the restricted provenance even among working class Labour supporters of a developed conception of politics as ‘ class conflict ’ ( let alone any revolutionary conception of the possibility of an alternative social order ) .
what is perhaps more surprising from a marxist viewpoint is the restricted provenance even among working class labour supporters of a developed conception of politics as ‘ class conflict ’ ( let alone any revolutionary conception of the possibility of an [other option] social order ) .

The foreign policy issues on which the left fought were of great importance to the activists but of relatively little salience to the mass of the working class , while nationalisation had faded in popularity — quite understandably , given the failure to develop a popular democratic alternative to conventional managerial practice in the nationalised industries , and to develop a coherent set of criteria for allocating resources with which to counter the charge that they were ‘ inefficient loss-makers ’ .
the foreign policy issues on which the left fought were of great importance to the activists but of relatively little salience to the mass of the working class , while nationalisation had faded in popularity — quite understandably , given the failure to develop a popular democratic [other option] to conventional managerial practice in the nationalised industries , and to develop a coherent set of criteria for allocating resources with which to counter the charge that they were ‘ inefficient loss-makers ’ .

One can get a further perspective on the development of the class/politics relationship in the period of the Wilson government by asking the question of whether matters could have turned out very differently , and in particular whether a ‘ socialist alternative ’ was there for the taking . Consider Glyn and Sutcliffe 's epitaph on the period :
one can get a further perspective on the development of the class/politics relationship in the period of the wilson government by asking the question of whether matters could have turned out very differently , and in particular whether a ‘ socialist [other option] ’ was there for the taking . consider glyn and sutcliffe 's epitaph on the period :

Only this : it is misleading to suggest that a socialist alternative qualitatively different from the actual record of 1964–70 existed in potentia and merely went by default , on account of a failure of political will .
only this : it is misleading to suggest that a socialist [other option] qualitatively different from the actual record of 1964–70 existed in potentia and merely went by default , on account of a failure of political will .

The resistance to Heath on the part of the union movement clearly had mass support , but equally clearly this resistance movement was not able to constitute itself , as it were , into a hegemonic political force capable of securing a workable parliamentary majority through the Labour Party and imposing a radical alternative course of social development ( it was much less able , of course , to constitute itself as the nucleus of an alternative state power in an extra-parliamentary manner ) .
the resistance to heath on the part of the union movement clearly had mass support , but equally clearly this resistance movement was not able to constitute itself , as it were , into a hegemonic political force capable of securing a workable parliamentary majority through the labour party and imposing a radical [other option] course of social development ( it was much less able , of course , to constitute itself as the nucleus of an [other option] state power in an extra-parliamentary manner ) .

The Labour left , meanwhile , did not manage to mount a convincing enough case for its ‘ alternative strategy ’ ( the far left had no half-way credible strategy to propose ) , while the trade union movement was not united in pushing for any positive quid pro quo in exchange for wage restraint , having rejected the Bullock proposals for Industrial Democracy , but was increasingly tugging for a return to ‘ free collective bargaining ’ .
the labour left , meanwhile , did not manage to mount a convincing enough case for its ‘ [other option] strategy ’ ( the far left had no half-way credible strategy to propose ) , while the trade union movement was not united in pushing for any positive quid pro quo in exchange for wage restraint , having rejected the bullock proposals for industrial democracy , but was increasingly tugging for a return to ‘ free collective bargaining ’ .

Thereafter , in 1970 , 74 and 79 , the governing party has been rejected without however any great surge of popular support for the alternative party , at least by the standards of earlier years .
thereafter , in 1970 , 74 and 79 , the governing party has been rejected without however any great surge of popular support for the [other option] party , at least by the standards of earlier years .

The blurring of boundaries between direct and mediated experience , between notions of abstraction and so-called ‘ external reality ’ reveal alternative possibilities which , as with the revelations of peripheral vision , may only be sensed or intuited .
the blurring of boundaries between direct and mediated experience , between notions of abstraction and so-called ‘ external reality ’ reveal [other option] possibilities which , as with the revelations of peripheral vision , may only be sensed or intuited .

Alternative ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .
[other option] ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .

Although not strictly speaking within the scope of this book , since it is an entirely artificial substance , enamel needs to be mentioned if only because it served as an alternative to natural stones in enriching jewellery and other symbolic objects .
although not strictly speaking within the scope of this book , since it is an entirely artificial substance , enamel needs to be mentioned if only because it served as an [other option] to natural stones in enriching jewellery and other symbolic objects .

‘ The justices however failed to make any determination , or failed to make any finding or state any reasons for finding as to whether ( i ) there was any genuine alternative to the making of a secure accommodation order ; ( ii ) all other alternatives had been comprehensively considered and rejected .
‘ the justices however failed to make any determination , or failed to make any finding or state any reasons for finding as to whether ( i ) there was any genuine [other option] to the making of a secure accommodation order ; ( ii ) all other alternatives had been comprehensively considered and rejected .

‘ Restricting the liberty of children is a serious step which must be taken only when there is no genuine alternative which would be appropriate .
‘ restricting the liberty of children is a serious step which must be taken only when there is no genuine [other option] which would be appropriate .

The government 's refusal to broaden the franchise for municipal councils — in most cities less than 1 per cent of the population had the vote — deprived liberals of an alternative forum for mass political activity .
the government 's refusal to broaden the franchise for municipal councils — in most cities less than 1 per cent of the population had the vote — deprived liberals of an [other option] forum for mass political activity .

Unable to mobilize peasant support , the revolutionaries cast around for alternative strategies .
unable to mobilize peasant support , the revolutionaries cast around for [other option] strategies .

In their book British Prisons ( 1992 ) , Mike Fitzgerald and Joe Sim provide an alternative , radical account of the crisis .
in their book british prisons ( 1992 ) , mike fitzgerald and joe sim provide an [other option] , radical account of the crisis .

This secrecy has come under attack in recent years , and ‘ slowly , but surely , the secrecy behind the prison walls is being breached , as alternative sources of information about the prisons are more securely established ’ ( Fitzgerald and Sim , 1992 : 11 ) .
this secrecy has come under attack in recent years , and ‘ slowly , but surely , the secrecy behind the prison walls is being breached , as [other option] sources of information about the prisons are more securely established ’ ( fitzgerald and sim , 1992 : 11 ) .

Indeed , at the end of this chapter we will be arguing an alternative position ( based on human rights ) which although non-utilitarian nevertheless takes account of the possible reductivist effects of punishment .
indeed , at the end of this chapter we will be arguing an [other option] position ( based on human rights ) which although non-utilitarian nevertheless takes account of the possible reductivist effects of punishment .

So law was never the exclusive possession of the ruling class ; rather it provided ‘ an arena for class struggle , within which alternative notions of law were fought out ’ ( Thompson , 1979 : 299 ) .
so law was never the exclusive possession of the ruling class ; rather it provided ‘ an arena for class struggle , within which [other option] notions of law were fought out ’ ( thompson , 1979 : 299 ) .

More controversially , it has also pressed ahead with experiments to test the feasibility of electronic monitoring ( or ‘ tagging ’ ) of defendants released on bail as an alternative to remands in custody ( see also Chapter 7 ) .
more controversially , it has also pressed ahead with experiments to test the feasibility of electronic monitoring ( or ‘ tagging ’ ) of defendants released on bail as an [other option] to remands in custody ( see also chapter 7 ) .

In England , the restrictive social and occupational background from which almost all senior judges have been drawn has provided a fertile medium in which an alternative and extremely powerful indigenous judicial culture has been able to develop .
in england , the restrictive social and occupational background from which almost all senior judges have been drawn has provided a fertile medium in which an [other option] and extremely powerful indigenous judicial culture has been able to develop .

But if the brooding house really does seem too much of a cliché to you , if it fails to set fire to your imagination , then there is an alternative .
but if the brooding house really does seem too much of a cliché to you , if it fails to set fire to your imagination , then there is an [other option] .

But she , or he , will be disappointed if your heroine simply plunges foolishly and thoughtlessly into some obvious danger when , with hardly any thought , some alternative line of action lies open to her .
but she , or he , will be disappointed if your heroine simply plunges foolishly and thoughtlessly into some obvious danger when , with hardly any thought , some [other option] line of action lies open to her .

Their alternative name , Vlah ( Wallachian ) , suggests their origin but by the nineteenth century most had become Hellenised , speaking and acting as intermediaries between the Greek clergy and their Serbian parish priests .
their [other option] name , vlah ( wallachian ) , suggests their origin but by the nineteenth century most had become hellenised , speaking and acting as intermediaries between the greek clergy and their serbian parish priests .

‘ An alternative .
‘ an [other option] .

They do n't seem to give you an alternative .
they do n't seem to give you an [other option] .

There can never be more than one alternative .
there can never be more than one [other option] .

He considered whether the gun offered him an alternative ; whether it would be better to shoot himself now and be done with it , or fight on and try to take some of his enemies with him .
he considered whether the gun offered him an [other option] ; whether it would be better to shoot himself now and be done with it , or fight on and try to take some of his enemies with him .

The only alternative , in her view , was to simply copy the wording verbatim and hope the Doctor could translate it .
the only [other option] , in her view , was to simply copy the wording verbatim and hope the doctor could translate it .

‘ He could not propose marriage , but he could propose an alternative alliance , ’ Jules said quickly .
‘ he could not propose marriage , but he could propose an [other option] alliance , ’ jules said quickly .

However , an alternative method for investigating this problem , which overcomes both of these difficulties , has been provided by Cox , Ingersoll and Ross ( 1981 ) .
however , an [other option] method for investigating this problem , which overcomes both of these difficulties , has been provided by cox , ingersoll and ross ( 1981 ) .

Again , they are presumed to choose the most advantageous alternative , and this will tend to restore the no-arbitrage condition .
again , they are presumed to choose the most advantageous [other option] , and this will tend to restore the no-arbitrage condition .

The deviations from the no-arbitrage condition that can not be removed in this way should not exceed the difference in transactions costs between the alternative strategies , e.g .
the deviations from the no-arbitrage condition that can not be removed in this way should not exceed the difference in transactions costs between the [other option] strategies , e.g .

Thus the no-arbitrage condition can be tested with respect to three alternative trading strategies : arbitrage , swaps and trade-the-cheapest .
thus the no-arbitrage condition can be tested with respect to three [other option] trading strategies : arbitrage , swaps and trade-the-cheapest .

Lois is considering two alternative strategies : ( a ) buy and sell an equal number of contracts in each commodity , for instance ten contracts with a spread ratio of unity ; ( b ) buy and sell an equal value of contracts in each commodity , for instance 10 in kryptonite and 50 in phlogiston , with a spread ratio of 5 .
lois is considering two [other option] strategies : ( a ) buy and sell an equal number of contracts in each commodity , for instance ten contracts with a spread ratio of unity ; ( b ) buy and sell an equal value of contracts in each commodity , for instance 10 in kryptonite and 50 in phlogiston , with a spread ratio of 5 .

There is an alternative explanation for the leptokurtosis of futures prices .
there is an [other option] explanation for the leptokurtosis of futures prices .

Emerging would be computer superstores and a mix of alternative channels such as book-stores , large format entertainment stores , rental outlets , direct marketing and electronic distribution .
emerging would be computer superstores and a mix of [other option] channels such as book-stores , large format entertainment stores , rental outlets , direct marketing and electronic distribution .

International Chapters offers flexible accommodation arrangements and will be happy to advise on alternative travel plans .
international chapters offers flexible accommodation arrangements and will be happy to advise on [other option] travel plans .

Trover became a complete alternative to replevin despite the fact that it could be argued that , the goods being regarded as in the custody of the law , the distraint did not amount to a denial of the owner 's title .
trover became a complete [other option] to replevin despite the fact that it could be argued that , the goods being regarded as in the custody of the law , the distraint did not amount to a denial of the owner 's title .

an order for delivery of the goods , but giving the defendant the alternative of paying damages by reference to the value of the goods , together in either alternative with payment of any consequential damages , or
an order for delivery of the goods , but giving the defendant the [other option] of paying damages by reference to the value of the goods , together in either [other option] with payment of any consequential damages , or

The few who have dealt with this subject from an alternative political standpoint have mainly been liberal Conservatives , concerned to meet the needs of casualties of the social system but suspicious of the claims of the state to regulate many aspects of our lives .
the few who have dealt with this subject from an [other option] political standpoint have mainly been liberal conservatives , concerned to meet the needs of casualties of the social system but suspicious of the claims of the state to regulate many aspects of our lives .

It is always difficult to combine the hard-headed actuarial principles of insurance with a concern for effective and comprehensive social security ; yet , as Beveridge recognized , when the only viable political alternative is means testing the contributory principle has a great appeal .
it is always difficult to combine the hard-headed actuarial principles of insurance with a concern for effective and comprehensive social security ; yet , as beveridge recognized , when the only viable political [other option] is means testing the contributory principle has a great appeal .

In the 1970s the Conservatives floated an alternative approach , a form of negative income tax called ‘ tax credits ’ , and implemented a means-tested benefit for poor wage-earners , ‘ family income supplement ’ .
in the 1970s the conservatives floated an [other option] approach , a form of negative income tax called ‘ tax credits ’ , and implemented a means-tested benefit for poor wage-earners , ‘ family income supplement ’ .

However , as time passed this doctrine was increasingly questioned and an alternative , non-selective , comprehensive model was championed .
however , as time passed this doctrine was increasingly questioned and an [other option] , non-selective , comprehensive model was championed .

These reflections lead us to an alternative view of pressure group power in Britain : that the strongest weapons are forms of direct action and not the manipulation of electoral choice .
these reflections lead us to an [other option] view of pressure group power in britain : that the strongest weapons are forms of direct action and not the manipulation of electoral choice .

Formally the approval of the Treasury is required , probably together with the support of the Cabinet in one of its priority-setting exercises , where the minister is involved in competition with colleagues who have alternative expenditure aspirations .
formally the approval of the treasury is required , probably together with the support of the cabinet in one of its priority-setting exercises , where the minister is involved in competition with colleagues who have [other option] expenditure aspirations .

Braybrooke and Lindblom , the theorists who drew attention to the significance of ‘ incrementalism ’ , were particularly concerned to attack that portrayal of the policy process which perceived it as , or able to become , a rational appraisal of all the alternative consequences of alternative policies followed by the choice of the best available .
braybrooke and lindblom , the theorists who drew attention to the significance of ‘ incrementalism ’ , were particularly concerned to attack that portrayal of the policy process which perceived it as , or able to become , a rational appraisal of all the [other option] consequences of [other option] policies followed by the choice of the best available .

If the choices are between understanding policy making as a pure exercise in rational decision making , as the putting into practice of ideologies , or as a quite incoherent process of bargaining and muddling through , it is sensible to reject each alternative .
if the choices are between understanding policy making as a pure exercise in rational decision making , as the putting into practice of ideologies , or as a quite incoherent process of bargaining and muddling through , it is sensible to reject each [other option] .

An alternative with a strong constitutional law bias is Hartley and Griffith 's Government and Law .
an [other option] with a strong constitutional law bias is hartley and griffith 's government and law .

An alternative way of looking at this phenomenon is to see the field official as a ‘ street-level bureaucrat ’ .
an [other option] way of looking at this phenomenon is to see the field official as a ‘ street-level bureaucrat ’ .

For children permanently deprived of their natural home , adoption provides a secure alternative home .
for children permanently deprived of their natural home , adoption provides a secure [other option] home .

In some cases it meant helping families who had applied for their children to be taken into care to find an alternative solution .
in some cases it meant helping families who had applied for their children to be taken into care to find an [other option] solution .

The new emergency protection orders also allow courts to order a medical examination of the child , whilst parents may , after 72 hours , challenge any medical evidence as a result of this examination and request an alternative examination .
the new emergency protection orders also allow courts to order a medical examination of the child , whilst parents may , after 72 hours , challenge any medical evidence as a result of this examination and request an [other option] examination .

Hopes for alternative provision must not be allowed to stifle any change or improvement within existing hospitals .
hopes for [other option] provision must not be allowed to stifle any change or improvement within existing hospitals .

Although they were envisaged as an alternative to full institutional care , they tended to be used by those within the community who had hitherto remained dependent on family or friends .
although they were envisaged as an [other option] to full institutional care , they tended to be used by those within the community who had hitherto remained dependent on family or friends .

These recommendations were not accepted in total , and alternative proposals were put forward in a series of White papers that involved a more complex change .
these recommendations were not accepted in total , and [other option] proposals were put forward in a series of white papers that involved a more complex change .

In 1976 the Layfield Report considered alternative ways of financing local authorities , and concluded that local income tax would be preferable to rates raised on property as a source of income .
in 1976 the layfield report considered [other option] ways of financing local authorities , and concluded that local income tax would be preferable to rates raised on property as a source of income .

An alternative approach to targeting that is particularly suited to low risk areas is offered by rapid tests : first identify the risk during labour and then test for carriage .
an [other option] approach to targeting that is particularly suited to low risk areas is offered by rapid tests : first identify the risk during labour and then test for carriage .

’ Experience shows that this would not be so , as people bent on suicide who are denied one method will choose an alternative .
’ experience shows that this would not be so , as people bent on suicide who are denied one method will choose an [other option] .

In selected cases , however , a safe alternative to circumcision exists — namely , ‘ preputial plasty , ’ which allows complete mobilisation of the foreskin almost without discomfort and complications , even when done by inexperienced surgeons .
in selected cases , however , a safe [other option] to circumcision exists — namely , ‘ preputial plasty , ’ which allows complete mobilisation of the foreskin almost without discomfort and complications , even when done by inexperienced surgeons .

Since one essential quality of a good toastmaster is a loud voice , ( which often goes with an imposing , extrovert personality ) they will get attention faster than you can ( an alternative way to get the attention of the audience is to ask the band , if you have one , to do a drum roll for you ) .
since one essential quality of a good toastmaster is a loud voice , ( which often goes with an imposing , extrovert personality ) they will get attention faster than you can ( an [other option] way to get the attention of the audience is to ask the band , if you have one , to do a drum roll for you ) .

An alternative would be a huge gift , something large which the drag brides have difficulty getting through the door , such as a golfing umbrella , or a garden umbrella if the couple hope to move from bachelor flats into a house .
an [other option] would be a huge gift , something large which the drag brides have difficulty getting through the door , such as a golfing umbrella , or a garden umbrella if the couple hope to move from bachelor flats into a house .

On the one hand for many lone mothers benefits provide a relatively stable and secure source of income at a time when there may be no other alternative .
on the one hand for many lone mothers benefits provide a relatively stable and secure source of income at a time when there may be no other [other option] .

Some felt constrained by lack of alternative child care — as many as two-fifths said they would return to work sooner if they could get child care .
some felt constrained by lack of [other option] child care — as many as two-fifths said they would return to work sooner if they could get child care .

The corollary of this social process of exclusion from the labour force , coupled with restricted access to alternative forms of post-retirement income , is that older people and women in particular are heavily dependent on the state for financial support .
the corollary of this social process of exclusion from the labour force , coupled with restricted access to [other option] forms of post-retirement income , is that older people and women in particular are heavily dependent on the state for financial support .

Because the widespread poverty of older women and the penury experienced by some groups among them derive to a considerable extent from the operation of social and economic policies within patriarchal capitalism , any major change in their status rests on the development of alternative policies .
because the widespread poverty of older women and the penury experienced by some groups among them derive to a considerable extent from the operation of social and economic policies within patriarchal capitalism , any major change in their status rests on the development of [other option] policies .

Secondly , since many of the inequalities in pension provision derive from assumptions underlying the Beveridge social security system , an alternative approach is required if the poverty of older women is to be overcome .
secondly , since many of the inequalities in pension provision derive from assumptions underlying the beveridge social security system , an [other option] approach is required if the poverty of older women is to be overcome .

We 'll also take a look at a popular shareware alternative , McAfee VirusScan .
we 'll also take a look at a popular shareware [other option] , mcafee virusscan .

Sometimes , court action is the only alternative if agreement or a clear statutory mandate are the only bases of partnership-based intervention .
sometimes , court action is the only [other option] if agreement or a clear statutory mandate are the only bases of partnership-based intervention .

Sometimes , court action is the only alternative if agreement can not be reached with the parent .
sometimes , court action is the only [other option] if agreement can not be reached with the parent .

An alternative method has been described using a blunt-ended vector to which a single thymidine has been transferred by the terminal transferase activity of the Taq-polymerase ( 3 ) .
an [other option] method has been described using a blunt-ended vector to which a single thymidine has been transferred by the terminal transferase activity of the taq-polymerase ( 3 ) .

In order to analyse the effect of the mutations on CytR interaction with deoP2 in an alternative approach , we performed in vivo titration experiments .
in order to analyse the effect of the mutations on cytr interaction with deop2 in an [other option] approach , we performed in vivo titration experiments .

Resulting deficiencies in the treatment of acutely ill patients can place intolerable burdens on their families and increase interpersonal friction , which may culminate in patients leaving home abruptly and being unable or unwilling to find alternative forms of shelter .
resulting deficiencies in the treatment of acutely ill patients can place intolerable burdens on their families and increase interpersonal friction , which may culminate in patients leaving home abruptly and being unable or unwilling to find [other option] forms of shelter .

If alternative pathways of health care provision were used extensively we would have had serious underascertainment .
if [other option] pathways of health care provision were used extensively we would have had serious underascertainment .

However , more knowledge of the long term effects of these drugs is needed before they can be recommended as a safe alternative to tricyclic antidepressants , which are less expensive , equally effective , and well tolerated .
however , more knowledge of the long term effects of these drugs is needed before they can be recommended as a safe [other option] to tricyclic antidepressants , which are less expensive , equally effective , and well tolerated .

It may be more effective to adopt alternative strategies for improving mental health and reducing suicides , as outlined in the recommendations of the Defeat Depression campaign of the Royal Colleges of Psychiatrists and General Practitioners .
it may be more effective to adopt [other option] strategies for improving mental health and reducing suicides , as outlined in the recommendations of the defeat depression campaign of the royal colleges of psychiatrists and general practitioners .

Many practices have so far opted not to take the inducements to fundhold , and some have invested a considerable amount of time and energy into alternative methods of organising general practitioners ' input into purchasing decisions .
many practices have so far opted not to take the inducements to fundhold , and some have invested a considerable amount of time and energy into [other option] methods of organising general practitioners ' input into purchasing decisions .

Before this increased activity is attributed to the internal market , alternative explanations such as increased funding need to be eliminated .
before this increased activity is attributed to the internal market , [other option] explanations such as increased funding need to be eliminated .

An alternative is intensified monitoring of performance in an attempt to ensure compliance with contracts .
an [other option] is intensified monitoring of performance in an attempt to ensure compliance with contracts .

The β2 integrins on the other hand are a family of cell to cell adhesion molecules of lymphoid cells with three alternative α subunits .
the β2 integrins on the other hand are a family of cell to cell adhesion molecules of lymphoid cells with three [other option] α subunits .

Caution is needed when attempting to interpret cross national data on psychiatric hospitals because of many confounding factors , demographic and geographical , as well as the pattern and availability of alternative services .
caution is needed when attempting to interpret cross national data on psychiatric hospitals because of many confounding factors , demographic and geographical , as well as the pattern and availability of [other option] services .

Instead a growing number of elderly demented people were admitted because of the local authorities ' failure to provide alternative care .
instead a growing number of elderly demented people were admitted because of the local authorities ' failure to provide [other option] care .

Our only alternative explanation is that the higher referral rates in the fundholding group compared with non-fundholding group in the year before the introduction of fundholding represent an atypical year for these practices .
our only [other option] explanation is that the higher referral rates in the fundholding group compared with non-fundholding group in the year before the introduction of fundholding represent an atypical year for these practices .

Editor , — John Spooner calls on experience when he states that ‘ people bent on suicide who are denied one method will choose an alternative .
editor , — john spooner calls on experience when he states that ‘ people bent on suicide who are denied one method will choose an [other option] .

An alternative method of diagnosing brain stem death needed to be found .
an [other option] method of diagnosing brain stem death needed to be found .

The idea that American gynaecologists have abandoned dilatation and curettage for a cheaper alternative is interesting but unfounded .
the idea that american gynaecologists have abandoned dilatation and curettage for a cheaper [other option] is interesting but unfounded .

Making a drug unavailable may achieve the objective of reducing risk associated with that individual drug but may increase risk due to alternative drugs or because of reduced efficacy of alternate treatments .
making a drug unavailable may achieve the objective of reducing risk associated with that individual drug but may increase risk due to [other option] drugs or because of reduced efficacy of alternate treatments .

At the very least , Mrs Bottomley should ensure that such data are collected regularly until there is clear evidence from research that the alternative to mental hospital care is working .
at the very least , mrs bottomley should ensure that such data are collected regularly until there is clear evidence from research that the [other option] to mental hospital care is working .

Secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .
secondly , since [other option] methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .

An alternative hypothesis is that clinical studies have evolved towards a larger format over the past decade , with a corresponding increase in the number of contributors .
an [other option] hypothesis is that clinical studies have evolved towards a larger format over the past decade , with a corresponding increase in the number of contributors .

When patients no longer need inpatient care but still have complex needs one of the key roles of care managers will be to facilitate rapid transfer home or to an alternative community setting .
when patients no longer need inpatient care but still have complex needs one of the key roles of care managers will be to facilitate rapid transfer home or to an [other option] community setting .

Team teaching , with both preclinical and clinical staff present at each session , may be a feasible alternative , given the staff available at most medical schools .
team teaching , with both preclinical and clinical staff present at each session , may be a feasible [other option] , given the staff available at most medical schools .

It is difficult , therefore , to understand why Bowsher has opted for an alternative definition .
it is difficult , therefore , to understand why bowsher has opted for an [other option] definition .

Central sensitisation in neuropathic pain is possibly more complex and , as Bowsher points out , demands a range of alternative measures .
central sensitisation in neuropathic pain is possibly more complex and , as bowsher points out , demands a range of [other option] measures .

An alternative way of reaching Rutli from Treib is to take the funicular car ( a ride of 8 minutes ) to Seelisberg on its high terrace at 801m ( 2,627ft ) above sea level , and to walk through the straggling village past church and holiday hotels to the outlook point provided with benches where there is a panorama of the lake as well as a glimpse of Rutli far below .
an [other option] way of reaching rutli from treib is to take the funicular car ( a ride of 8 minutes ) to seelisberg on its high terrace at 801m ( 2,627ft ) above sea level , and to walk through the straggling village past church and holiday hotels to the outlook point provided with benches where there is a panorama of the lake as well as a glimpse of rutli far below .

However , a bus service offers an alternative if the going proves too taxing .
however , a bus service offers an [other option] if the going proves too taxing .

Theophrastus von Hohenheim , otherwise known as Paracelsus , is vaguely remembered as an innovative but controversial figure , deserving a place in medical history , but distinctly on the alternative fringe .
theophrastus von hohenheim , otherwise known as paracelsus , is vaguely remembered as an innovative but controversial figure , deserving a place in medical history , but distinctly on the [other option] fringe .

Improving selection and retention of medical staff to redress the expected deficit in manpower would be an alternative or additional approach .
improving selection and retention of medical staff to redress the expected deficit in manpower would be an [other option] or additional approach .

An alternative hypothesis , which has considerable intuitive plausibility , needs to be refuted before this assumption can be justified .
an [other option] hypothesis , which has considerable intuitive plausibility , needs to be refuted before this assumption can be justified .

In particular the threat to switch contracts to alternative providers is an empty one for many health authorities .
in particular the threat to switch contracts to [other option] providers is an empty one for many health authorities .

Tony Smith claims that the purpose of our newsletter is to support alternative medicine .
tony smith claims that the purpose of our newsletter is to support [other option] medicine .

Tony Smith claims that we apply a double standard to orthodox and alternative medicine , using published studies in the medical literature to denounce the former while relying largely on anecdotal evidence to promote the latter .
tony smith claims that we apply a double standard to orthodox and [other option] medicine , using published studies in the medical literature to denounce the former while relying largely on anecdotal evidence to promote the latter .

The prime role of the day hospital for patients with dementia ( The Pinel Centre ) is to cater for more severely dementing patients than can usually be cared for in alternative facilities , particularly when behaviour disturbance is a prominent feature of the patient 's condition .
the prime role of the day hospital for patients with dementia ( the pinel centre ) is to cater for more severely dementing patients than can usually be cared for in [other option] facilities , particularly when behaviour disturbance is a prominent feature of the patient 's condition .

He therefore grew up in habitual contact with pupils of the Institution , and the use of fingerspelling and signing was a natural alternative mode of communication for him .
he therefore grew up in habitual contact with pupils of the institution , and the use of fingerspelling and signing was a natural [other option] mode of communication for him .

With hindsight , it is not difficult to imagine alternative uses for this fine estate which would have been of lasting benefit to the Association .
with hindsight , it is not difficult to imagine [other option] uses for this fine estate which would have been of lasting benefit to the association .

Clementine fearfully spun the protective web of catholicism , the family and middle-class values around her unenterprising existence , and provided little alternative for her son but to look to his father for inspiration and guidance .
clementine fearfully spun the protective web of catholicism , the family and middle-class values around her unenterprising existence , and provided little [other option] for her son but to look to his father for inspiration and guidance .

The search consequently began for an alternative solution .
the search consequently began for an [other option] solution .

The compelling need to experiment with alternative solutions in order to resolve the dilemma of his personal predicament had as its counterpart a light-hearted , seemingly casual participation in role-playing and disguise , techniques of escaping temporarily from an oppressive situation .
the compelling need to experiment with [other option] solutions in order to resolve the dilemma of his personal predicament had as its counterpart a light-hearted , seemingly casual participation in role-playing and disguise , techniques of escaping temporarily from an oppressive situation .

It was in Aden that the alternative solution was found , and Paul Nizan finally became Paul Nizan .
it was in aden that the [other option] solution was found , and paul nizan finally became paul nizan .

In Aden the path forward became clear , the alternative strategy was revealed .
in aden the path forward became clear , the [other option] strategy was revealed .

The experience of Aden was therefore precious in that it revealed the only alternative to acquiescence or schizophrenia : the political struggle .
the experience of aden was therefore precious in that it revealed the only [other option] to acquiescence or schizophrenia : the political struggle .

In Nizan 's eyes the party assumed the status of an alternative social group , a sanctuary in which psychological and ideological contradictions could be resolved ; the perfect site in short from which to launch a counter-ideology in texts such as Aden Arabie and Les Chiens de garde , angry denunciations of the oppression of bourgeois cultural practices .
in nizan 's eyes the party assumed the status of an [other option] social group , a sanctuary in which psychological and ideological contradictions could be resolved ; the perfect site in short from which to launch a counter-ideology in texts such as aden arabie and les chiens de garde , angry denunciations of the oppression of bourgeois cultural practices .

It is worthwhile briefly examining Lukacs 's ideas on socialist realism at this juncture since they not only provide a constructive critical alternative to the mindless ideological stance adopted by Zhdanov , Radek and Stetsky , but also broaden the global conceptual framework within which to examine Nizan 's communist novels .
it is worthwhile briefly examining lukacs 's ideas on socialist realism at this juncture since they not only provide a constructive critical [other option] to the mindless ideological stance adopted by zhdanov , radek and stetsky , but also broaden the global conceptual framework within which to examine nizan 's communist novels .

The stakes are not simply two alternative literary styles , one escapist , one realist , but rather two alternative life styles in which the death and oppression of one class are contrasted with the life and liberation of another .
the stakes are not simply two [other option] literary styles , one escapist , one realist , but rather two [other option] life styles in which the death and oppression of one class are contrasted with the life and liberation of another .

Literature for Nizan is a mirror reflecting an alternative way of living .
literature for nizan is a mirror reflecting an [other option] way of living .

From a strictly communist perspective , the secondary existential discourse could be dismissed as `` petty bourgeois `` and `` alienated `` since it overflows the boundaries of orthodox communist ideology and points to an alternative vision .
from a strictly communist perspective , the secondary existential discourse could be dismissed as `` petty bourgeois `` and `` alienated `` since it overflows the boundaries of orthodox communist ideology and points to an [other option] vision .

Despite almost a decade of critical review and the existence of alternative formulas for identifying deprivation the Jarman index remains as good an indicator of potential demand for general practitioner services as exists .
despite almost a decade of critical review and the existence of [other option] formulas for identifying deprivation the jarman index remains as good an indicator of potential demand for general practitioner services as exists .

Patients must not expect an endless supply of alternative drugs .
patients must not expect an endless supply of [other option] drugs .

If in future , however , reporting of each estimate is extended to include descriptive profiles of quality of life — that is , health states and the valuations placed on them for the new and comparison treatment — then this may enhance credibility and allow reworking in alternative settings .
if in future , however , reporting of each estimate is extended to include descriptive profiles of quality of life — that is , health states and the valuations placed on them for the new and comparison treatment — then this may enhance credibility and allow reworking in [other option] settings .

Although such inferences are not always logically entirely unimpeachable , given the above premisses , the pluralist case becomes difficult to defend and on balance the only reasonable option seems to be Spinoza 's own unitarist alternative , viz .
although such inferences are not always logically entirely unimpeachable , given the above premisses , the pluralist case becomes difficult to defend and on balance the only reasonable option seems to be spinoza 's own unitarist [other option] , viz .

In examining the alternative splice patterns of mRNA from normal and neoplastic cells differences are seen .
in examining the [other option] splice patterns of mrna from normal and neoplastic cells differences are seen .

Alternative splicing appears to be a means by which multiple tenascin isoforms could be generated .
[other option] splicing appears to be a means by which multiple tenascin isoforms could be generated .

‘ In the search for alternative fuels , ’ argues Dent , ‘ the potential value of waste should n't be ignored .
‘ in the search for [other option] fuels , ’ argues dent , ‘ the potential value of waste should n't be ignored .

An alternative to this type of full-scale reconstruction is the type of reconstruction used at the Jorvik Centre in York , where special effects , including sounds and smells , give visitors an impression of what it was like to walk through York in the Viking era .
an [other option] to this type of full-scale reconstruction is the type of reconstruction used at the jorvik centre in york , where special effects , including sounds and smells , give visitors an impression of what it was like to walk through york in the viking era .

Children who find it hard to write with paper and pencil can compose in alternative ways : difficulty in writing need be no barrier to poetry .
children who find it hard to write with paper and pencil can compose in [other option] ways : difficulty in writing need be no barrier to poetry .

In all cases , the experiences will be more powerful if they relate directly to children 's current theories , and offer them the opportunity to test them and consider alternative accounts .
in all cases , the experiences will be more powerful if they relate directly to children 's current theories , and offer them the opportunity to test them and consider [other option] accounts .

The alternative may be the public compliance combined with private doubt of the boy who could not accept that the Earth was round .
the [other option] may be the public compliance combined with private doubt of the boy who could not accept that the earth was round .

One of the main developments in special educational provision following the Warnock Report and the 1981 Education Act has been the widespread introduction of in-class support teaching in secondary schools as an alternative to offering help in withdrawal groups and special ‘ remedial ’ classes .
one of the main developments in special educational provision following the warnock report and the 1981 education act has been the widespread introduction of in-class support teaching in secondary schools as an [other option] to offering help in withdrawal groups and special ‘ remedial ’ classes .

Individualised programmes , alternative activities and simplified worksheets , when they are directed at certain children can cut them off from their peers as effectively as if they had been withdrawn .
individualised programmes , [other option] activities and simplified worksheets , when they are directed at certain children can cut them off from their peers as effectively as if they had been withdrawn .

Alternative ways of organising teaching and learning must have been introduced to replace the standard didactic pattern .
[other option] ways of organising teaching and learning must have been introduced to replace the standard didactic pattern .

[ The alternative ] means more than merely a different way of ‘ doing social science ’ .
[ the [other option] ] means more than merely a different way of ‘ doing social science ’ .

Realist approaches ( see Sayer , 1984 ) have been used to provide an alternative to positivism on the one hand and historicism on the other .
realist approaches ( see sayer , 1984 ) have been used to provide an [other option] to positivism on the one hand and historicism on the other .

Empirical analysis is thus given an alternative explanatory methodology .
empirical analysis is thus given an [other option] explanatory methodology .

to provide ( a ) an attraction for new residents to the area to provide a basic pool of manpower for the new industries , ( b ) a new and attractive environment in which to work and play , ( c ) an alternative quality of life to that normally associated with Tyneside and the declining industrial areas in South East Northumberland , and ( d ) a strong reservoir to meet the recurring economic crises which have been suffered by the North East since the last war .
to provide ( a ) an attraction for new residents to the area to provide a basic pool of manpower for the new industries , ( b ) a new and attractive environment in which to work and play , ( c ) an [other option] quality of life to that normally associated with tyneside and the declining industrial areas in south east northumberland , and ( d ) a strong reservoir to meet the recurring economic crises which have been suffered by the north east since the last war .

An alternative way of measuring unemployment is by asking a sample of the population whether they are unemployed .
an [other option] way of measuring unemployment is by asking a sample of the population whether they are unemployed .

6.5 Divorce , Single People and Alternative Households
6.5 divorce , single people and [other option] households

In addition , there are people who choose not to live in ‘ conventional families ’ but by themselves or with others in what we might call ‘ alternative households ’ .
in addition , there are people who choose not to live in ‘ conventional families ’ but by themselves or with others in what we might call ‘ [other option] households ’ .

In these circumstances , divorce is often popularly thought to be the preferable alternative .
in these circumstances , divorce is often popularly thought to be the preferable [other option] .

However , some people do strive after alternative ways of organizing ‘ family ’ life and it is to a brief examination of these that we now turn .
however , some people do strive after [other option] ways of organizing ‘ family ’ life and it is to a brief examination of these that we now turn .

Alternative household forms
[other option] household forms

Communal living has received a great deal of publicity during the last twenty years , partly as the result of the experiments with alternative lifestyles widely advocated by members of the middle classes in the 1960s . As McCulloch ( 1982 , p. 324 ) writes :
communal living has received a great deal of publicity during the last twenty years , partly as the result of the experiments with [other option] lifestyles widely advocated by members of the middle classes in the 1960s . as mcculloch ( 1982 , p. 324 ) writes :

Some people seek to avoid privatized or nuclear-family living and make alternative household arrangements .
some people seek to avoid privatized or nuclear-family living and make [other option] household arrangements .

The Department of Employment therefore proposed an alternative of giving industrial tribunal chairmen , acting alone , discretion at the pre-hearing stage , on the application of one of the parties or of its own motion , to require a deposit of up to £150 from the other party as a condition of proceeding further , if the chairman considered that the case had no reasonable prospect of success .
the department of employment therefore proposed an [other option] of giving industrial tribunal chairmen , acting alone , discretion at the pre-hearing stage , on the application of one of the parties or of its own motion , to require a deposit of up to £150 from the other party as a condition of proceeding further , if the chairman considered that the case had no reasonable prospect of success .

Alternative Proposals
[other option] proposals

The Dickens study offered as an alternative to the current system an arbitral system as a way of overcoming the perceived disadvantages of the industrial tribunal system ( Dickens et al .
the dickens study offered as an [other option] to the current system an arbitral system as a way of overcoming the perceived disadvantages of the industrial tribunal system ( dickens et al .

Its deliberations had been hurried , its request for evidence stressed the need for a brevity viewed by many as excessive and it lacked sufficient resources to produce a credible alternative to any Government proposals .
its deliberations had been hurried , its request for evidence stressed the need for a brevity viewed by many as excessive and it lacked sufficient resources to produce a credible [other option] to any government proposals .

Another alternative which is attracting increasing attention is the development of legal expenses insurances against such risks which has been welcomed and sponsored by The Law Society ( White , Robin , 1984 ) .
another [other option] which is attracting increasing attention is the development of legal expenses insurances against such risks which has been welcomed and sponsored by the law society ( white , robin , 1984 ) .

Afterwards representatives of all the estates of the realm , led by Sir William Trussell and including four bishops , four friars and three other religious , went to Kenilworth to secure the king 's abdication — as an alternative to the disinheritance of his dynasty .
afterwards representatives of all the estates of the realm , led by sir william trussell and including four bishops , four friars and three other religious , went to kenilworth to secure the king 's abdication — as an [other option] to the disinheritance of his dynasty .

The point of our discussion of them so far is that the attempt to rebut scepticism by constructing an anti-realist alternative to the realism espoused by the sceptic is not going to be easy , even if it is possible .
the point of our discussion of them so far is that the attempt to rebut scepticism by constructing an anti-realist [other option] to the realism espoused by the sceptic is not going to be easy , even if it is possible .

If no short way with the sceptic is possible , we have no alternative but to get involved directly with the arguments presented .
if no short way with the sceptic is possible , we have no [other option] but to get involved directly with the arguments presented .

Descartes ' dreaming argument is in the first of his Meditations ; use the Haldane and Ross edition ( Descartes , 1955 ) or any reputable alternative .
descartes ' dreaming argument is in the first of his meditations ; use the haldane and ross edition ( descartes , 1955 ) or any reputable [other option] .

Hume 's questions about induction are raised in his Inquiry Concerning Human Understanding , section 4 , part 2 ( Hume , 1955 ; or any reputable alternative ) .
hume 's questions about induction are raised in his inquiry concerning human understanding , section 4 , part 2 ( hume , 1955 ; or any reputable [other option] ) .

So neither incorrigibility nor indubitability can provide us with an alternative form of foundationalism .
so neither incorrigibility nor indubitability can provide us with an [other option] form of foundationalism .

But there is an alternative interpretation , owed to Baker and Hacker , which sees the relationship between the rule-following considerations and the private language argument rather differently ( Baker and Hacker , 1984 ) .
but there is an [other option] interpretation , owed to baker and hacker , which sees the relationship between the rule-following considerations and the private language argument rather differently ( baker and hacker , 1984 ) .

An alternative way of looking at this is to posit another principle also universally present in human intercourse .
an [other option] way of looking at this is to posit another principle also universally present in human intercourse .

We need now to assess the validity of this approach , to see whether it can be extended to other kinds of discourse , and to examine alternative approaches too .
we need now to assess the validity of this approach , to see whether it can be extended to other kinds of discourse , and to examine [other option] approaches too .

As we do make important choices between alternative versions of sentences , even though each one is correct in itself , then in a succession of sentences , it is possible that the choice is being dictated by the sentence before , each one having a knock-on effect on the structure of the next .
as we do make important choices between [other option] versions of sentences , even though each one is correct in itself , then in a succession of sentences , it is possible that the choice is being dictated by the sentence before , each one having a knock-on effect on the structure of the next .

We can test this by considering an alternative opening :
we can test this by considering an [other option] opening :

, but we will need forgive examples of alternative ways of ordering information in an English clause ( as we did with the John ate fish and chips sentence in 5.4 ) and then rely on the students ' ability to acquire a sense of which is contextually most suitable .
, but we will need forgive examples of [other option] ways of ordering information in an english clause ( as we did with the john ate fish and chips sentence in 5.4 ) and then rely on the students ' ability to acquire a sense of which is contextually most suitable .

Choose the best alternative from the list below .
choose the best [other option] from the list below .

Follow through the first of the above charts with a number of different contexts in mind and suggest alternative realizations like those in the second . What advantages or disadvantages are there in using this with students ?
follow through the first of the above charts with a number of different contexts in mind and suggest [other option] realizations like those in the second . what advantages or disadvantages are there in using this with students ?

The reader presumably can just as easily reconstruct an alternative context ( e.g .
the reader presumably can just as easily reconstruct an [other option] context ( e.g .

There is , however , an alternative to this extravagance .
there is , however , an [other option] to this extravagance .

Birds have no alternative in this matter .
birds have no [other option] in this matter .

Pollen grains , which consist largely of precious genetic material , are quite demanding for a plant to produce and many flowers offer , either in addition or as an alternative , a payment that is considerably cheaper for it is nothing more than sweetened water , nectar .
pollen grains , which consist largely of precious genetic material , are quite demanding for a plant to produce and many flowers offer , either in addition or as an [other option] , a payment that is considerably cheaper for it is nothing more than sweetened water , nectar .

But maybe there is one other , but risky , alternative : the mystery spaceship …
but maybe there is one other , but risky , [other option] : the mystery spaceship …

Defries could n't see any alternative , but she felt obliged to point out the difficulties .
defries could n't see any [other option] , but she felt obliged to point out the difficulties .

‘ What 's the alternative ? ’ Daak yelled .
‘ what 's the [other option] ? ’ daak yelled .

‘ No alternative , ’ Defries said , and climbed up beside him .
‘ no [other option] , ’ defries said , and climbed up beside him .

This will , however , still leave open the possibilities of using ‘ fringe ’ media to fill in gaps in the campaign or , indeed , of making an imaginative use of an alternative medium which would otherwise be discarded .
this will , however , still leave open the possibilities of using ‘ fringe ’ media to fill in gaps in the campaign or , indeed , of making an imaginative use of an [other option] medium which would otherwise be discarded .

There are , basically , two philosophies about competitors ' media selection : to compete in the same media , because ‘ we must be seen to compete ’ or because it is the only really possible medium or ( even ) because ‘ they must know something ’ ; or to try to avoid the competition and to ‘ dominate ’ a reasonable alternative medium .
there are , basically , two philosophies about competitors ' media selection : to compete in the same media , because ‘ we must be seen to compete ’ or because it is the only really possible medium or ( even ) because ‘ they must know something ’ ; or to try to avoid the competition and to ‘ dominate ’ a reasonable [other option] medium .

He sought alternative images from his nursery reading .
he sought [other option] images from his nursery reading .

So the mandarins set about finding an alternative .
so the mandarins set about finding an [other option] .

Their correspondence provided an alternative education for Katherine .
their correspondence provided an [other option] education for katherine .

There was no other alternative .
there was no other [other option] .

Elliott had founded Time Out in 1968 as a duplicated broadsheet guide to London 's ‘ alternative ’ events .
elliott had founded time out in 1968 as a duplicated broadsheet guide to london 's ‘ [other option] ’ events .

By then , Branson already had an alternative tactic in mind .
by then , branson already had an [other option] tactic in mind .

The exhibitionist streak that had been confined to fancy-dress parties at Virgin 's weekends away now found full public licence ; Richard Branson embarked on a sort of alternative career in fancy dress that would see him , over the years , photographed in airline captain 's uniform , as Peter Pan , Spider Man , City Gent and , on one occasion and for reasons that were never entirely clear , in the bath , wearing only bubbles and a cunningly placed newspaper .
the exhibitionist streak that had been confined to fancy-dress parties at virgin 's weekends away now found full public licence ; richard branson embarked on a sort of [other option] career in fancy dress that would see him , over the years , photographed in airline captain 's uniform , as peter pan , spider man , city gent and , on one occasion and for reasons that were never entirely clear , in the bath , wearing only bubbles and a cunningly placed newspaper .

In that case , there is no point in remembering alternative branches of the search , because when one has been chosen , the others are no longer attainable .
in that case , there is no point in remembering [other option] branches of the search , because when one has been chosen , the others are no longer attainable .

What we should consider are all the alternative ways that a fruit fly can inherit individual switch settings .
what we should consider are all the [other option] ways that a fruit fly can inherit individual switch settings .

The old alternative approach to robot control involved some very complicated equations describing the kinematics .
the old [other option] approach to robot control involved some very complicated equations describing the kinematics .

This algorithm is an alternative way of learning weights .
this algorithm is an [other option] way of learning weights .

An alternative is to choose a ’ sensitive region ’ at the higher level , and then only explore low level moves there .
an [other option] is to choose a ’ sensitive region ’ at the higher level , and then only explore low level moves there .

For lack of a better alternative , all patterns matching the position are given equal credit .
for lack of a better [other option] , all patterns matching the position are given equal credit .

Such an algorithm can provide an alternative learning mechanism in a neural network .
such an algorithm can provide an [other option] learning mechanism in a neural network .

( The alternative is to guess that some training examples are erroneous , and leave them out of the training set . )
( the [other option] is to guess that some training examples are erroneous , and leave them out of the training set . )

The intoximeter was found not to be working properly and the custody officer notified the defendant that , pursuant to section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the Road Traffic Act 1988 , an alternative specimen of either blood or urine , at the choice of the officer , would be required .
the intoximeter was found not to be working properly and the custody officer notified the defendant that , pursuant to section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the road traffic act 1988 , an [other option] specimen of either blood or urine , at the choice of the officer , would be required .

‘ 2 . Can a constable , when authorised by section 7(3) of the Act to require a specimen of blood or urine ( and absent any medical opinion that for medical reasons a blood specimen can not or should not be taken ) , lawfully require the provision of blood ( or urine ) alone without , in speaking to the suspect , making reference to the alternative ?
‘ 2 . can a constable , when authorised by section 7(3) of the act to require a specimen of blood or urine ( and absent any medical opinion that for medical reasons a blood specimen can not or should not be taken ) , lawfully require the provision of blood ( or urine ) alone without , in speaking to the suspect , making reference to the [other option] ?

‘ But the authorities make it quite clear … that before the constable is in a position to choose between a specimen of blood or a specimen of urine on the defendant 's claim that one or other specimens should be substituted for the specimen of breath , the defendant must be made aware not merely that he can have the breath specimen substituted by some other specimen in general terms , but that the alternative specimen can be one either of blood or of urine , although in the last resort , subject to the proviso to subsection ( 4 ) as to medical practitioners , the choice is that of the police officer .
‘ but the authorities make it quite clear … that before the constable is in a position to choose between a specimen of blood or a specimen of urine on the defendant 's claim that one or other specimens should be substituted for the specimen of breath , the defendant must be made aware not merely that he can have the breath specimen substituted by some other specimen in general terms , but that the [other option] specimen can be one either of blood or of urine , although in the last resort , subject to the proviso to subsection ( 4 ) as to medical practitioners , the choice is that of the police officer .

The plaintiffs claim damages from a number of defendants , including the third defendant , under the following heads : ( 1 ) general damages for conspiracy ; ( 2 ) exemplary damages on the basis that the acts complained of were calculated to make a profit for the conspirators or their companies and constituted a cynical disregard for the plaintiffs ' rights ; and ( 3 ) damages for deceit as an alternative to damages for conspiracy .
the plaintiffs claim damages from a number of defendants , including the third defendant , under the following heads : ( 1 ) general damages for conspiracy ; ( 2 ) exemplary damages on the basis that the acts complained of were calculated to make a profit for the conspirators or their companies and constituted a cynical disregard for the plaintiffs ' rights ; and ( 3 ) damages for deceit as an [other option] to damages for conspiracy .

In the alternative the summons sought an order that the court had no power under section 6 ( 2 ) or section 61 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1986 to make the orders sought in paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer .
in the [other option] the summons sought an order that the court had no power under section 6 ( 2 ) or section 61 ( 1 ) of the act of 1986 to make the orders sought in paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer .

She was indicted with her son , Johannes Fowler , on two alternative counts under section 18 and 20 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 .
she was indicted with her son , johannes fowler , on two [other option] counts under section 18 and 20 of the offences against the person act 1861 .

135 where the defendant was charged in the indictment with alternative counts , the judge approved a proposal by the prosecutor to offer no evidence on the more serious charge and to accept a plea of guilty to the less serious .
135 where the defendant was charged in the indictment with [other option] counts , the judge approved a proposal by the prosecutor to offer no evidence on the more serious charge and to accept a plea of guilty to the less serious .

This is put forward as an alternative basis on which the transfer should be held to be void .
this is put forward as an [other option] basis on which the transfer should be held to be void .

Paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) of article 13 are alternative , not cumulative .
paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) of article 13 are [other option] , not cumulative .

‘ Two alternative valuation and survey services are available to you , both of which are primarily for your use — house buyers ' report or structural survey .
‘ two [other option] valuation and survey services are available to you , both of which are primarily for your use — house buyers ' report or structural survey .

Upon alternative access for heavy vehicles to a public highway being made available to the satisfaction of the local planning authority the use of Gillingham Gate for heavy vehicles shall be discontinued or reduced in accordance with details which shall have been submitted to and approved by the local planning authority .
upon [other option] access for heavy vehicles to a public highway being made available to the satisfaction of the local planning authority the use of gillingham gate for heavy vehicles shall be discontinued or reduced in accordance with details which shall have been submitted to and approved by the local planning authority .

It would maintain the water regime in the other two basins , for which no other alternative was at present in prospect , create jobs in supporting services and maintain servicing allied to the port use and further enhance the locational advantages of the Medway Towns for business .
it would maintain the water regime in the other two basins , for which no other [other option] was at present in prospect , create jobs in supporting services and maintain servicing allied to the port use and further enhance the locational advantages of the medway towns for business .

Then it is clear that , until a court so declares , the respondents have no alternative but to continue to pay the charges demanded of them .
then it is clear that , until a court so declares , the respondents have no [other option] but to continue to pay the charges demanded of them .

The rule being established that apart from special circumstances he can not interfere by injunction with the state 's collection of its revenues , an action at law to recover back what he has paid is the alternative left .
the rule being established that apart from special circumstances he can not interfere by injunction with the state 's collection of its revenues , an action at law to recover back what he has paid is the [other option] left .

Mr. Gardiner submitted as an alternative that even if the Woolwich principle did not apply , nevertheless the payment to the revenue was made under duress and was therefore recoverable .
mr. gardiner submitted as an [other option] that even if the woolwich principle did not apply , nevertheless the payment to the revenue was made under duress and was therefore recoverable .

During the course of argument Mr. Gardiner suggested certain alternative modifications to the Woolwich principle as initially enunciated by him .
during the course of argument mr. gardiner suggested certain [other option] modifications to the woolwich principle as initially enunciated by him .

The rule being established that apart from special circumstances he can not interfere by injunction with the state 's collection of its revenues , an action at law to recover back what he has paid is the alternative left .
the rule being established that apart from special circumstances he can not interfere by injunction with the state 's collection of its revenues , an action at law to recover back what he has paid is the [other option] left .

The rule being established that apart from special circumstances he can not interfere by injunction with the state 's collection of its revenues , an action at law to recover back what he has paid is the alternative left .
the rule being established that apart from special circumstances he can not interfere by injunction with the state 's collection of its revenues , an action at law to recover back what he has paid is the [other option] left .

He also considered the alternative submission that , pursuant to section 78 of the Act of 1984 , he ought to exclude the evidence because , in the words of section 78 :
he also considered the [other option] submission that , pursuant to section 78 of the act of 1984 , he ought to exclude the evidence because , in the words of section 78 :

There is jurisdiction to make an order in the terms of an administration order , available as an alternative to administrative receivership , and also available as an alternative to liquidation : see the provisions of sections 9 , 10 and 11 of the Act of 1986 .
there is jurisdiction to make an order in the terms of an administration order , available as an [other option] to administrative receivership , and also available as an [other option] to liquidation : see the provisions of sections 9 , 10 and 11 of the act of 1986 .

Yet the judge left as alternative verdicts open to the jury , guilty of causing grievous bodily harm , contrary to section 20 or guilty of assault occasioning actual bodily harm , contrary to section 47 , without indicating to counsel his intention of doing so or giving the defence the opportunity to deal with such alternatives .
yet the judge left as [other option] verdicts open to the jury , guilty of causing grievous bodily harm , contrary to section 20 or guilty of assault occasioning actual bodily harm , contrary to section 47 , without indicating to counsel his intention of doing so or giving the defence the opportunity to deal with such alternatives .

Mr. Park , for the taxpayer , argued that there were two alternative approaches to the problem : ( 1 ) the taxpayer provided a service in an overseas territory , say Vancouver , by sub-licensing in Vancouver , or ( 2 ) the taxpayer exploited property assets by sub-licensing rights which were only capable of use in Vancouver .
mr. park , for the taxpayer , argued that there were two [other option] approaches to the problem : ( 1 ) the taxpayer provided a service in an overseas territory , say vancouver , by sub-licensing in vancouver , or ( 2 ) the taxpayer exploited property assets by sub-licensing rights which were only capable of use in vancouver .

Under ss 252 to 263 , a debtor can obtain what is , in effect , a moratorium from the court pending the preparation of proposals to be put to his creditors via an insolvency practitioner for the payment of their debts or part of them as an alternative to the debtor 's bankruptcy .
under ss 252 to 263 , a debtor can obtain what is , in effect , a moratorium from the court pending the preparation of proposals to be put to his creditors via an insolvency practitioner for the payment of their debts or part of them as an [other option] to the debtor 's bankruptcy .

An application for annulment of a bankruptcy order must specify on which of the two alternative grounds in s 282 ( 1 ) it is made and in either case must be supported by an affidavit ( r 6.206 ) .
an application for annulment of a bankruptcy order must specify on which of the two [other option] grounds in s 282 ( 1 ) it is made and in either case must be supported by an affidavit ( r 6.206 ) .

The yacht unveiled at the show was trimmed out in red-stained mahogany , although teak is an alternative .
the yacht unveiled at the show was trimmed out in red-stained mahogany , although teak is an [other option] .

With the Gulf crisis threatening to raise fuel prices further , wind generators and solar panels are becoming an increasingly attractive alternative to petrol and diesel generators .
with the gulf crisis threatening to raise fuel prices further , wind generators and solar panels are becoming an increasingly attractive [other option] to petrol and diesel generators .

So , when buying an alternative energy generator what should a buyer look for ?
so , when buying an [other option] energy generator what should a buyer look for ?

The alternative is to use the wind generator or the solar panel as the primary source of recharging , in which case its output must correspond to or exceed the power drain being placed on the battery .
the [other option] is to use the wind generator or the solar panel as the primary source of recharging , in which case its output must correspond to or exceed the power drain being placed on the battery .

West reports that the sail is not only cheaper than the Hood alternative , but sets particularly well .
west reports that the sail is not only cheaper than the hood [other option] , but sets particularly well .

For fifty years , never had the Army been so obedient him , urged all government officials to resign and set up his won alternative government under Meddi Bazargan , a long-time member of the National Front , a lawyer , and a campaigner for human rights under the Shah .
for fifty years , never had the army been so obedient him , urged all government officials to resign and set up his won [other option] government under meddi bazargan , a long-time member of the national front , a lawyer , and a campaigner for human rights under the shah .

Hospital pharmacists can substitute a non-brand equivalent to save money , but ordinary pharmacies have to give exactly what the doctor orders , even though there may be a cheaper alternative .
hospital pharmacists can substitute a non-brand equivalent to save money , but ordinary pharmacies have to give exactly what the doctor orders , even though there may be a cheaper [other option] .

Norwich had rarely seen such a large exhibition of contemporary art involving alternative art practices .
norwich had rarely seen such a large exhibition of contemporary art involving [other option] art practices .

It involves modernist media such as fur , latex , wax and hair and alternative practices such as video , performance and time based pieces .
it involves modernist media such as fur , latex , wax and hair and [other option] practices such as video , performance and time based pieces .

Another Documenta Lorna Green travelled to Berlin to witness an alternative to Documenta in which 70 women from 18 countries participated
another documenta lorna green travelled to berlin to witness an [other option] to documenta in which 70 women from 18 countries participated

And why not serve it to breakfasting passengers on airlines as the top people 's alternative to the cornflake packet .
and why not serve it to breakfasting passengers on airlines as the top people 's [other option] to the cornflake packet .

There may be alternative ways to solve the human problems that will allow the wild world and humanity an equal two-way traffic in rights and responsibilities .
there may be [other option] ways to solve the human problems that will allow the wild world and humanity an equal two-way traffic in rights and responsibilities .

Birds : Alternative Names , by Walter Lodge .
birds : [other option] names , by walter lodge .

Checklist of the world 's birds that have one or more alternative English names in common usage .
checklist of the world 's birds that have one or more [other option] english names in common usage .

The other alternative is major acquisition or merger .
the other [other option] is major acquisition or merger .

Advertising then moved on to emphasising the safety element of nablabs ( as an alternative to alcohol for drivers ) , effectively saying to consumers ‘ when you ca n't have a proper drink , have this instead ’ .
advertising then moved on to emphasising the safety element of nablabs ( as an [other option] to alcohol for drivers ) , effectively saying to consumers ‘ when you ca n't have a proper drink , have this instead ’ .

Alison 's contemporary Heather , who is a data editor , has ‘ had a sip of one ’ but has never ‘ considered drinking it as an alternative to alcohol ’ .
alison 's contemporary heather , who is a data editor , has ‘ had a sip of one ’ but has never ‘ considered drinking it as an [other option] to alcohol ’ .

The alternative of deciding not to get involved in any but the most obvious and serious cases means that an enormous amount of damage can be done by each and every suffering individual both to himself or herself and to the Company while he or she progresses inexorably towards becoming a `` serious case `` .
the [other option] of deciding not to get involved in any but the most obvious and serious cases means that an enormous amount of damage can be done by each and every suffering individual both to himself or herself and to the company while he or she progresses inexorably towards becoming a `` serious case `` .

Hypnosis , acupuncture and other " alternative " therapies may be helpful in covering the detoxification period in some people just as they can be helpful in detoxification in other forms of addiction .
hypnosis , acupuncture and other " [other option] " therapies may be helpful in covering the detoxification period in some people just as they can be helpful in detoxification in other forms of addiction .

Rationalization — admitting the problems but determinedly latching onto specific alternative reasons . ``
rationalization — admitting the problems but determinedly latching onto specific [other option] reasons . ``

Secondly , it is seen in a whole host of tactics and alternative strategies to the simple procedure of insisting that the sufferer goes for treatment just as he or she would do for any other disease .
secondly , it is seen in a whole host of tactics and [other option] strategies to the simple procedure of insisting that the sufferer goes for treatment just as he or she would do for any other disease .

The alternative to the hopeless choice between continuing disorders of mood or continuing recourse to addictive substances or behaviours .
the [other option] to the hopeless choice between continuing disorders of mood or continuing recourse to addictive substances or behaviours .

This acute sense of identification can be the alternative to a continuing sense of despair with a significant risk of suicide and therefore one can understand its importance in early recovery .
this acute sense of identification can be the [other option] to a continuing sense of despair with a significant risk of suicide and therefore one can understand its importance in early recovery .

We indicate several places where modifications may be required for alternative underlying semantics .
we indicate several places where modifications may be required for [other option] underlying semantics .

There may be alternative rules that are not so problematic ; in particular it should be possible to eliminate the need to transform every program to normal form .
there may be [other option] rules that are not so problematic ; in particular it should be possible to eliminate the need to transform every program to normal form .

There are so many forms of alternative medicine and there 's no doubt it 's getting more popular .
there are so many forms of [other option] medicine and there 's no doubt it 's getting more popular .

Alternative permitted hours in certain athletic clubs during winter
[other option] permitted hours in certain athletic clubs during winter

Alternative permitted hours for athletic clubs .
[other option] permitted hours for athletic clubs .

This section permits sports clubs to have alternative permitted hours in the winter where the sport is played out of doors .
this section permits sports clubs to have [other option] permitted hours in the winter where the sport is played out of doors .

The alternative permitted hours are , on weekdays 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , on Saturdays the same hours as for weekdays or alternatively , 1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , and on Sundays 12.30 pm .
the [other option] permitted hours are , on weekdays 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , on saturdays the same hours as for weekdays or alternatively , 1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , and on sundays 12.30 pm .

In order to qualify for alternative permitted hours , the club must fulfil the following conditions ( subss .
in order to qualify for [other option] permitted hours , the club must fulfil the following conditions ( subss .

The procedure is by application to the sheriff for an order granting the alternative permitted hours on weekdays or Sundays or both .
the procedure is by application to the sheriff for an order granting the [other option] permitted hours on weekdays or sundays or both .

Note whether Holding Pattern also forms an alternative let-down pattern , and if so , the outbound time/distance .
note whether holding pattern also forms an [other option] let-down pattern , and if so , the outbound time/distance .

Inferences can be made form incomplete knowledge , alternative explanations and possibilities can be weighed up .
inferences can be made form incomplete knowledge , [other option] explanations and possibilities can be weighed up .

People and animals do n't die in that alternative reality presented by advertising .
people and animals do n't die in that [other option] reality presented by advertising .

They argue that a socialist alternative is not offered because the Labour Party is not so much concerned to abolish capitalism as to manage it better than the other parties .
they argue that a socialist [other option] is not offered because the labour party is not so much concerned to abolish capitalism as to manage it better than the other parties .

Why , then , did interest groups come into focus ; what was this new theory ; how adequately does this theory make sense of British politics ; are there alternative perspectives on the part played by interests and groups in British politics ; and how adequate are those perspectives ?
why , then , did interest groups come into focus ; what was this new theory ; how adequately does this theory make sense of british politics ; are there [other option] perspectives on the part played by interests and groups in british politics ; and how adequate are those perspectives ?

Although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential Halsbury 's Laws of England goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that Parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether Parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``
although any `` [other option] doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential halsbury 's laws of england goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``

In this state of affairs , the electorate is presented with a clear choice between alternative programmes and parties for government in a way that enables the electorate to choose the government and the broad drift of public policy for the next 5 years .
in this state of affairs , the electorate is presented with a clear choice between [other option] programmes and parties for government in a way that enables the electorate to choose the government and the broad drift of public policy for the next 5 years .

In a situation in which no one party is likely to be in an overall majority in the Commons then the electorate is just not in a position where it can realistically choose between alternative programmes and alternative teams of leaders sure in the knowledge that the winning team will be available to form a government and eager to try and implement its electoral programme .
in a situation in which no one party is likely to be in an overall majority in the commons then the electorate is just not in a position where it can realistically choose between [other option] programmes and [other option] teams of leaders sure in the knowledge that the winning team will be available to form a government and eager to try and implement its electoral programme .

Consideration is then given to the marketer 's choice of forecasting method , and the chapter concludes by examining an alternative forecasting basis , that of market share .
consideration is then given to the marketer 's choice of forecasting method , and the chapter concludes by examining an [other option] forecasting basis , that of market share .

This involves the construction or simulation of a number of alternative possible `` futures `` .
this involves the construction or simulation of a number of [other option] possible `` futures `` .

An alternative approach ( which will , of course , have the same organisational role ) is to prepare a forecast of the company 's likely market share for the forecast period in view .
an [other option] approach ( which will , of course , have the same organisational role ) is to prepare a forecast of the company 's likely market share for the forecast period in view .

The alternative approach has two stages , thus : i ) forecast the likely total available market for the period ; ii ) forecast the likely share of this total market to be obtained by the company .
the [other option] approach has two stages , thus : i ) forecast the likely total available market for the period ; ii ) forecast the likely share of this total market to be obtained by the company .

Certainly , as far as the marketer is concerned , the build-up of consistent and long-term customer loyalty towards a particular brand ( brand loyalty ) may have the ( desirable ) effect of speeding the individual through the decision process sequence , and minimizing the degree to which alternative brands or products are given serious consideration .
certainly , as far as the marketer is concerned , the build-up of consistent and long-term customer loyalty towards a particular brand ( brand loyalty ) may have the ( desirable ) effect of speeding the individual through the decision process sequence , and minimizing the degree to which [other option] brands or products are given serious consideration .

Decision process models are also affected by the degree to which brand loyalty has been built up and maintained , since brand loyalty speeds the individual through the decision process sequence , and lessens the degree to which alternative products or brands are evaluated .
decision process models are also affected by the degree to which brand loyalty has been built up and maintained , since brand loyalty speeds the individual through the decision process sequence , and lessens the degree to which [other option] products or brands are evaluated .

Alternatively , buying organisations may themselves be faced with concentration amongst suppliers , and find that there are fewer alternative sources of domestic supply .
alternatively , buying organisations may themselves be faced with concentration amongst suppliers , and find that there are fewer [other option] sources of domestic supply .

Much buying takes place under contract and this also tends to limit the search and investigation of alternative suppliers .
much buying takes place under contract and this also tends to limit the search and investigation of [other option] suppliers .

Whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .
whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine [other option] sources of supply , or [other option] products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .

Alternatively , Organisational processes such as `` value analysis `` may have shown that the specific requirement can be met in a different way , this alternative being either cheaper or offering better value for money .
alternatively , organisational processes such as `` value analysis `` may have shown that the specific requirement can be met in a different way , this [other option] being either cheaper or offering better value for money .

Where a product is effectively a `` commodity `` ( as is the case with many foodstuffs ) , or the consumer perceives a number of alternative brands to be easily substituted ( as with paint , do-it-yourself products , electronic calculators , video recorders or home computers ) , then volume production and marketing may determine who will dominate the market .
where a product is effectively a `` commodity `` ( as is the case with many foodstuffs ) , or the consumer perceives a number of [other option] brands to be easily substituted ( as with paint , do-it-yourself products , electronic calculators , video recorders or home computers ) , then volume production and marketing may determine who will dominate the market .

Gone is all the cynicism of old , now she 's as radical , real and funny as Lenny Bruce — the godfather of alternative comedy .
gone is all the cynicism of old , now she 's as radical , real and funny as lenny bruce — the godfather of [other option] comedy .

But there are some amazing spacey workouts like ‘ Forgotten Realm ’ and ‘ Feel the Anguish ’ that are a bit like an alternative soundtrack for Eraserhead .
but there are some amazing spacey workouts like ‘ forgotten realm ’ and ‘ feel the anguish ’ that are a bit like an [other option] soundtrack for eraserhead .

Its success depended upon a major economic reform and was not an alternative to one .
its success depended upon a major economic reform and was not an [other option] to one .

They have only to look south of the border at some of the experiences of their former workmates within public sector bus operations to see what the alternative propositions might be .
they have only to look south of the border at some of the experiences of their former workmates within public sector bus operations to see what the [other option] propositions might be .

In Committee the alternative proposal advanced by the Hon .
in committee the [other option] proposal advanced by the hon .

Time and again we have put down the markers and placed on record that we would regard it as a perfectly reasonable alternative to what exists now if there were a series of companies throughout Scotland which represented the ownership of those at present employed by the Scottish Bus Group under the same conditions as at present and with the same commitment to the current level of services .
time and again we have put down the markers and placed on record that we would regard it as a perfectly reasonable [other option] to what exists now if there were a series of companies throughout scotland which represented the ownership of those at present employed by the scottish bus group under the same conditions as at present and with the same commitment to the current level of services .

The good , sturdy , private sector alternative would have been to leave people waiting in the rain .
the good , sturdy , private sector [other option] would have been to leave people waiting in the rain .

Like the frottole they were music for a wide public and , as with the frottole , the printing-presses multiplied their popularity by producing them in alternative forms .
like the frottole they were music for a wide public and , as with the frottole , the printing-presses multiplied their popularity by producing them in [other option] forms .

Meanwhile an alternative way of achieving variety within unity had been discovered in Spain .
meanwhile an [other option] way of achieving variety within unity had been discovered in spain .

Its composers adopted the much older French practice of publishing in alternative forms : as part-songs and as solos with lute .
its composers adopted the much older french practice of publishing in [other option] forms : as part-songs and as solos with lute .

This alternative strategy is in many respects less coherent than Owen 's and it is this which helps to explain the fact that Roger 's approach is often misunderstood by those outside the unit .
this [other option] strategy is in many respects less coherent than owen 's and it is this which helps to explain the fact that roger 's approach is often misunderstood by those outside the unit .

Those who contest authority may be genuinely unable to ‘ cope ’ in school and may therefore need alternative provision .
those who contest authority may be genuinely unable to ‘ cope ’ in school and may therefore need [other option] provision .

An alternative perspective
an [other option] perspective

This is not to underestimate the possibility that for many of these staff this work is a consciously chosen alternative to teaching in primary or secondary schools .
this is not to underestimate the possibility that for many of these staff this work is a consciously chosen [other option] to teaching in primary or secondary schools .

The belief that there is no real alternative is being challenged by the activities of teachers working in consultative/support roles and by an increasing body of research .
the belief that there is no real [other option] is being challenged by the activities of teachers working in consultative/support roles and by an increasing body of research .

He and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : They see the assessment panel as providing an alternative , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .
he and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : they see the assessment panel as providing an [other option] , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .

In the light of the experience of two hundred assessment panels , it is our confirmed view that an approach in which a whole school can and will adjust to individual need , without prejudice to majority rights , can offer a viable alternative to ‘ sin bins ’ or the like .
in the light of the experience of two hundred assessment panels , it is our confirmed view that an approach in which a whole school can and will adjust to individual need , without prejudice to majority rights , can offer a viable [other option] to ‘ sin bins ’ or the like .

Exploration of school deviance , however , indicates that an alternative position is required .
exploration of school deviance , however , indicates that an [other option] position is required .

screening investment proposals , because it is impossible to conduct an extensive analysis on all possible projects and alternative versions of projects
screening investment proposals , because it is impossible to conduct an extensive analysis on all possible projects and [other option] versions of projects

So severe does Naylor believe this question of interdependency to be that he devotes the whole of his 1986 study to an attempt to develop an alternative to the portfolio matrix .
so severe does naylor believe this question of interdependency to be that he devotes the whole of his 1986 study to an attempt to develop an [other option] to the portfolio matrix .

This alternative , which he calls the strategy matrix , essentially requires top-level corporate management to formulate six to eight key strategies which go across the various subsidiary businesses .
this [other option] , which he calls the strategy matrix , essentially requires top-level corporate management to formulate six to eight key strategies which go across the various subsidiary businesses .

This type of calculation may also be helpful in assessing trade-offs between alternative strategies open to one firm .
this type of calculation may also be helpful in assessing trade-offs between [other option] strategies open to one firm .

After all , one alternative upon discovering from an activity-based costing system that many products are unprofitable is to focus on reducing their costs rather than close down their production lines .
after all , one [other option] upon discovering from an activity-based costing system that many products are unprofitable is to focus on reducing their costs rather than close down their production lines .

Relatively recently , van Loggerenberg ( 1988 ) and his associate Hayzen ( 1989 ) have developed an alternative to conventional standard costing based upon this distinction .
relatively recently , van loggerenberg ( 1988 ) and his associate hayzen ( 1989 ) have developed an [other option] to conventional standard costing based upon this distinction .

The main point , however , is that this alternative way of analysing profit seems to lend itself more naturally to business thinking and can be linked in with conceptual thinking about strategy .
the main point , however , is that this [other option] way of analysing profit seems to lend itself more naturally to business thinking and can be linked in with conceptual thinking about strategy .

All we really claim is that such models may be useful in helping managers assess how much the value of the firm might be increased through investment in alternative locations on the portfolio grid .
all we really claim is that such models may be useful in helping managers assess how much the value of the firm might be increased through investment in [other option] locations on the portfolio grid .

( 1982 ) , and Venkatraman and Camillus ( 1984 ) , also provide classifications , and these alternative perspectives are now creeping into student textbooks ; see , for example , Quinn , Mintzberg and James ( 1988 ) .
( 1982 ) , and venkatraman and camillus ( 1984 ) , also provide classifications , and these [other option] perspectives are now creeping into student textbooks ; see , for example , quinn , mintzberg and james ( 1988 ) .

If ‘ crisis management ’ in this sense ( different from the sense in which the phrase is normally used ) is impossible , there is only one alternative open to management in creating the felt need for change .
if ‘ crisis management ’ in this sense ( different from the sense in which the phrase is normally used ) is impossible , there is only one [other option] open to management in creating the felt need for change .

‘ Now that you 've discovered my secret store of ‘ smuggled ’ loot , there 's no alternative , is there ?
‘ now that you 've discovered my secret store of ‘ smuggled ’ loot , there 's no [other option] , is there ?

The trouble with modern architect-designed houses on estates ( what 's the alternative to an architect-designed house — a milkman-designed house ? a footballer-designed house ? ) is that there 's no privacy . The telephone in the Taylersons ' executive home was situated in the middle of the open-plan living area , which had unimpeded access the kitchen area , the sitting area and the upstairs area
the trouble with modern architect-designed houses on estates ( what 's the [other option] to an architect-designed house — a milkman-designed house ? a footballer-designed house ? ) is that there 's no privacy . the telephone in the taylersons ' executive home was situated in the middle of the open-plan living area , which had unimpeded access the kitchen area , the sitting area and the upstairs area

But there was no alternative .
but there was no [other option] .

But she had left him no alternative .
but she had left him no [other option] .

Another alternative is to drape fabric back over specially designed hold-back hooks in brass or chrome .
another [other option] is to drape fabric back over specially designed hold-back hooks in brass or chrome .

Another alternative would be to have cross-over sheers , which present a soft , pretty appearance .
another [other option] would be to have cross-over sheers , which present a soft , pretty appearance .

They do pose difficulties in dressing , however , and in some instances there is no alternative but to hang draw curtains from a track or rod placed above the arch .
they do pose difficulties in dressing , however , and in some instances there is no [other option] but to hang draw curtains from a track or rod placed above the arch .

An alternative to a cording set is a draw rod , which is a simpler and cheaper method of operating curtains without handling them .
an [other option] to a cording set is a draw rod , which is a simpler and cheaper method of operating curtains without handling them .

Until a few years ago this test had not been performed in any species with a bizarre male form , and the theory remained a speculation , tentatively accepted by most ethologists in the absence of any plausible alternative .
until a few years ago this test had not been performed in any species with a bizarre male form , and the theory remained a speculation , tentatively accepted by most ethologists in the absence of any plausible [other option] .

Or to make the most of what they had , while they could … She pushed the second alternative away from her .
or to make the most of what they had , while they could … she pushed the second [other option] away from her .

The alternative was to use her capital to set herself up in business .
the [other option] was to use her capital to set herself up in business .

The mixture of ten herbs , gin and salts consumed by a York woman provided a cheaper alternative at 10d a pint .
the mixture of ten herbs , gin and salts consumed by a york woman provided a cheaper [other option] at 10d a pint .

Abortion decisions and practices were very much part of a female culture and to some extent must be considered apart from , rather than as an alternative to , other methods of birth control .
abortion decisions and practices were very much part of a female culture and to some extent must be considered apart from , rather than as an [other option] to , other methods of birth control .

Nor did the Committee feel that birth control provided an acceptable alternative :
nor did the committee feel that birth control provided an acceptable [other option] :

What alternative do you offer her ?
what [other option] do you offer her ?

This approach has been criticised and an alternative will be considered below .
this approach has been criticised and an [other option] will be considered below .

One of the best known approaches as to how decisions ought to be made is that of Simon , who developed the behaviour alternative model .
one of the best known approaches as to how decisions ought to be made is that of simon , who developed the behaviour [other option] model .

Blocking/Difficulty Stating ( with no alternative offered )
blocking/difficulty stating ( with no [other option] offered )

Within most of these product lines , various other refinements can be offered eg two-door and four-door versions of the family saloons , hatchbacks as an alternative to the estate models , variations in engine sizes , and , of course , a range of colours .
within most of these product lines , various other refinements can be offered eg two-door and four-door versions of the family saloons , hatchbacks as an [other option] to the estate models , variations in engine sizes , and , of course , a range of colours .

Within each of the major ‘ product lines ’ various alternative services are offered eg general surgical , accident services , coronary care , X-radiography , physiotherapy , pre-natal classes and so on .
within each of the major ‘ product lines ’ various [other option] services are offered eg general surgical , accident services , coronary care , x-radiography , physiotherapy , pre-natal classes and so on .

However , for countries such as France , Japan and Taiwan and a number of developing countries such as the Republic of Korea which lack readily available alternative energy sources , the development of nuclear energy still remains a priority .
however , for countries such as france , japan and taiwan and a number of developing countries such as the republic of korea which lack readily available [other option] energy sources , the development of nuclear energy still remains a priority .

Such a model is central to the management of air quality in order that alternative regulations of emissions can be examined for compliance with air quality standards .
such a model is central to the management of air quality in order that [other option] regulations of emissions can be examined for compliance with air quality standards .

Should it reveal areas which would fail to meet the standard , then alternative sets of options for emission control can be considered .
should it reveal areas which would fail to meet the standard , then [other option] sets of options for emission control can be considered .

An alternative economics-based or market-oriented strategy which avoids some of the problems of the emission charges strategy is a system of ‘ pollution permits ’ or ‘ pollution rights ’ .
an [other option] economics-based or market-oriented strategy which avoids some of the problems of the emission charges strategy is a system of ‘ pollution permits ’ or ‘ pollution rights ’ .

The efforts of those like Gosse and Agassiz to make a definite theory out of the doctrine of Creation helped to show the value of an alternative approach ; evolution might be made scientific .
the efforts of those like gosse and agassiz to make a definite theory out of the doctrine of creation helped to show the value of an [other option] approach ; evolution might be made scientific .

While the Labour government basically accepted these proposals ( see Local Government Reform in England , 1970 ) the Conservatives , who came to power in 1970 , produced alternative ideas which were ultimately incorporated into the 1972 Local Government Act .
while the labour government basically accepted these proposals ( see local government reform in england , 1970 ) the conservatives , who came to power in 1970 , produced [other option] ideas which were ultimately incorporated into the 1972 local government act .

Calculating a notional rental value is fraught with difficulties ; hence , the frequently canvassed alternative of capital values for domestic property rating , or site values , as a basis for payment .
calculating a notional rental value is fraught with difficulties ; hence , the frequently canvassed [other option] of capital values for domestic property rating , or site values , as a basis for payment .

Two years later , however , in a further White Paper , Rates : Proposals for Rate Limitation and Reform of the Rating System ( 1983 ) , the government recognized that wide consultation had failed to find any consensus for an alternative local tax , and conceded that rates should remain for the foreseeable future as the main source of local government revenue .
two years later , however , in a further white paper , rates : proposals for rate limitation and reform of the rating system ( 1983 ) , the government recognized that wide consultation had failed to find any consensus for an [other option] local tax , and conceded that rates should remain for the foreseeable future as the main source of local government revenue .

Nevertheless , councillors do have access ( via pressure groups , the media , party research departments and so on ) to alternative sources of information which can , in certain circumstances , enable them to challenge officers successfully .
nevertheless , councillors do have access ( via pressure groups , the media , party research departments and so on ) to [other option] sources of information which can , in certain circumstances , enable them to challenge officers successfully .

There is an account of the changing nature of central-local relations in the 1980s and , finally , some radical literature is examined and alternative analytical perspectives presented .
there is an account of the changing nature of central-local relations in the 1980s and , finally , some radical literature is examined and [other option] analytical perspectives presented .

For Regan , then , the partnership model is too imprecise to be a useful analytical tool ; hence the need for an alternative insight .
for regan , then , the partnership model is too imprecise to be a useful analytical tool ; hence the need for an [other option] insight .

There are , however , alternative approaches .
there are , however , [other option] approaches .

As a basis for understanding ‘ the current crisis of central-local relations in Britain ' ( p. 10 ) Saunders offers an alternative analytical framework encompassing four main dimensions : organizational , economic , political , and ideological .
as a basis for understanding ‘ the current crisis of central-local relations in britain ' ( p. 10 ) saunders offers an [other option] analytical framework encompassing four main dimensions : organizational , economic , political , and ideological .

The ‘ agencies ’ proposed in the Ibbs Next Steps Report ( see Chapter 2 ) , for example , are seen as an alternative to government departments for the delivery of a wide range of executive functions in line with the Thatcher government 's emphasis on ‘ value for money ’ .
the ‘ agencies ’ proposed in the ibbs next steps report ( see chapter 2 ) , for example , are seen as an [other option] to government departments for the delivery of a wide range of executive functions in line with the thatcher government 's emphasis on ‘ value for money ’ .

‘ Other arrangements ’ — well , other arrangements were alternative dispositions .
‘ other arrangements ’ — well , other arrangements were [other option] dispositions .

And alternative dispositions were — well , they were other arrangements .
and [other option] dispositions were — well , they were other arrangements .

Change occurs as one particular means of production ( and the classes to which it gives rise ) comes into conflict with an alternative means or mode of production ( and with the classes which this in turn generates ) .
change occurs as one particular means of production ( and the classes to which it gives rise ) comes into conflict with an [other option] means or mode of production ( and with the classes which this in turn generates ) .

This state will repress all other classes in society until it is questioned by an alternative mode of production .
this state will repress all other classes in society until it is questioned by an [other option] mode of production .

Once that original structure ( thesis ) is questioned by an alternative mode of production ( antithesis ) , conflict will ensue until the new mode of production becomes dominant .
once that original structure ( thesis ) is questioned by an [other option] mode of production ( antithesis ) , conflict will ensue until the new mode of production becomes dominant .

For instrumental Marxists , however , a change in the power structure of society arose , not because of conscious efforts by committed individuals at the political or social levels of society , but because this feudal mode of production was fundamentally challenged by an alternative and technically more efficient mode of production .
for instrumental marxists , however , a change in the power structure of society arose , not because of conscious efforts by committed individuals at the political or social levels of society , but because this feudal mode of production was fundamentally challenged by an [other option] and technically more efficient mode of production .

Eventually the supply of raw materials would become finite and alternative and cheaper sources of supply would not be found .
eventually the supply of raw materials would become finite and [other option] and cheaper sources of supply would not be found .

As a result , some Marxist writers , who wish to argue that the state is ultimately a repressive tool of the capitalist ruling class but recognise the weakness of simply reading off the role of the state from what is happening in the economy , have formulated an alternative class-theoretical account .
as a result , some marxist writers , who wish to argue that the state is ultimately a repressive tool of the capitalist ruling class but recognise the weakness of simply reading off the role of the state from what is happening in the economy , have formulated an [other option] class-theoretical account .

It is to an analysis of alternative theories , which specifically emphasise the who-whom ' of power and the nature of the political system ( if not the socio-economic constraints within which this game is played ) that we now turn .
it is to an analysis of [other option] theories , which specifically emphasise the who-whom ' of power and the nature of the political system ( if not the socio-economic constraints within which this game is played ) that we now turn .

Pluralism , in the context of the community power debate , can be regarded as an alternative description of the distribution of political power and as an alternative methodology for analysing the distribution of power .
pluralism , in the context of the community power debate , can be regarded as an [other option] description of the distribution of political power and as an [other option] methodology for analysing the distribution of power .

In the ‘ rational ’ decision-making model , the policy-maker first specifies the objectives that he is trying to achieve , second musters all the evidence necessary for an analysis of alternative ways of achieving these objectives and , third , chooses the most cost-effective means of achieving these objectives .
in the ‘ rational ’ decision-making model , the policy-maker first specifies the objectives that he is trying to achieve , second musters all the evidence necessary for an analysis of [other option] ways of achieving these objectives and , third , chooses the most cost-effective means of achieving these objectives .

Unfortunately , policy-makers do not have the resources for such an analytical approach to policy decisions ; not only would a comprehensive review of alternative options take up more time and staff than can normally be expected .
unfortunately , policy-makers do not have the resources for such an analytical approach to policy decisions ; not only would a comprehensive review of [other option] options take up more time and staff than can normally be expected .

Having said this , Smith , being a Marxist , has to provide an alternative and more sophisticated account of why military expenditure remains high even if it is dysfunctional for capitalism For Smith , military expenditure is yet one more example of the contradictions of capitalism — it is both functional and dysfunctional .
having said this , smith , being a marxist , has to provide an [other option] and more sophisticated account of why military expenditure remains high even if it is dysfunctional for capitalism for smith , military expenditure is yet one more example of the contradictions of capitalism — it is both functional and dysfunctional .

Some of these alternative insights can be gleaned from an appraisal of alternative theoretical approaches .
some of these [other option] insights can be gleaned from an appraisal of [other option] theoretical approaches .

However , an alternative approach might argue that , if learning does involve making structural changes at synapses , and the synapses are built of proteins and packed with molecules of neurotransmitter , then learning must itself involve the synthesis of new proteins and transmitters .
however , an [other option] approach might argue that , if learning does involve making structural changes at synapses , and the synapses are built of proteins and packed with molecules of neurotransmitter , then learning must itself involve the synthesis of new proteins and transmitters .

These , in essence , are the two alternative ways in which the biochemistry of memory might work .
these , in essence , are the two [other option] ways in which the biochemistry of memory might work .

The isoenzymes , which may be derived from alternative gene sets provided by polyploidy , in effect increase membrane permeability and allow water to pass out of the cells , concentrating cell solutions and lowering their freezing points .
the isoenzymes , which may be derived from [other option] gene sets provided by polyploidy , in effect increase membrane permeability and allow water to pass out of the cells , concentrating cell solutions and lowering their freezing points .

Rhizomes , runners and bulbils are alternative forms of vegetative reproduction common in grasses and sedges , and known also in many dicotyledons .
rhizomes , runners and bulbils are [other option] forms of vegetative reproduction common in grasses and sedges , and known also in many dicotyledons .

Their plight was gradually recognized during the early 20th century ; from the mid-century onward it has been the role of administrators , teachers , health workers , economists and lawyers to unravel some of their problems and provide alternative means of living .
their plight was gradually recognized during the early 20th century ; from the mid-century onward it has been the role of administrators , teachers , health workers , economists and lawyers to unravel some of their problems and provide [other option] means of living .

However , not enough was known of the biology of stocks to make control measures credible or effective , and whalers in international competition for declining stocks had no alternative but to press for the largest allowable quota , and hunt at maximum efficiency to attain the largest share .
however , not enough was known of the biology of stocks to make control measures credible or effective , and whalers in international competition for declining stocks had no [other option] but to press for the largest allowable quota , and hunt at maximum efficiency to attain the largest share .

Sarah and Terry had no alternative but she and John could have had months of courtship before he went away if it had not been for his stubbornness .
sarah and terry had no [other option] but she and john could have had months of courtship before he went away if it had not been for his stubbornness .

An alternative form of ability grouping was to aim for as wide a range of ability as possible in each group .
an [other option] form of ability grouping was to aim for as wide a range of ability as possible in each group .

While there is some inconsistency within and between classrooms where subject labels and subject relationships are concerned , there is rather less inconsistency in this ‘ alternative curriculum ’ , and for children it has a much more profound impact than the labels teachers use .
while there is some inconsistency within and between classrooms where subject labels and subject relationships are concerned , there is rather less inconsistency in this ‘ [other option] curriculum ’ , and for children it has a much more profound impact than the labels teachers use .

Balance , in our alternative sense , needs to be tackled in two ways .
balance , in our [other option] sense , needs to be tackled in two ways .

But the strategy of working alongside is more likely to bring about significant change in professional thinking and classroom practice , because the partners have no alternative but to confront questions of planning and organization , and hence to explore each other 's ideas .
but the strategy of working alongside is more likely to bring about significant change in professional thinking and classroom practice , because the partners have no [other option] but to confront questions of planning and organization , and hence to explore each other 's ideas .

Where the former used the full vocabulary of informality , and seemed unprepared or unable to accommodate the possibility that alternative viewpoints might exist , the latter were more aware of the limitations of progressivism , both as an idea and as a basis for practice .
where the former used the full vocabulary of informality , and seemed unprepared or unable to accommodate the possibility that [other option] viewpoints might exist , the latter were more aware of the limitations of progressivism , both as an idea and as a basis for practice .

Thus , formal procedures are not so much an alternative as an adjunct to the informal collaboration which is such an important feature of the best primary schools ; and the part played by the head in securing the most productive mix of formal procedure and informal consultation/collaboration remains central .
thus , formal procedures are not so much an [other option] as an adjunct to the informal collaboration which is such an important feature of the best primary schools ; and the part played by the head in securing the most productive mix of formal procedure and informal consultation/collaboration remains central .

This alternative analysis reveals a pervasive imbalance in children 's curriculum experiences and conflicts sharply with primary rhetoric .
this [other option] analysis reveals a pervasive imbalance in children 's curriculum experiences and conflicts sharply with primary rhetoric .

Alternative views of spending control
[other option] views of spending control

Alternative theories of central–local relations
[other option] theories of central–local relations

The Labour Party alternative ‘ fair rates ’ also used a property valuation with rebates for the poor but without any element that links the number of people in the household to its tax liability regardless of income .
the labour party [other option] ‘ fair rates ’ also used a property valuation with rebates for the poor but without any element that links the number of people in the household to its tax liability regardless of income .

At least the existence of a range of alternative modes of provision as between one local authority and another widens the choice available .
at least the existence of a range of [other option] modes of provision as between one local authority and another widens the choice available .

Local independence generates alternative and innovative models of provision .
local independence generates [other option] and innovative models of provision .

Pechman 's study attempts to show what difference alternative economic assumptions about the incidence of various taxes make .
pechman 's study attempts to show what difference [other option] economic assumptions about the incidence of various taxes make .

The economic literature largely ignores the fact that the public sector has devised its own alternative modes of efficiency incentive .
the economic literature largely ignores the fact that the public sector has devised its own [other option] modes of efficiency incentive .

Different financial incentives change the nature of the educational experience and are not merely alternative ways of financing the same service .
different financial incentives change the nature of the educational experience and are not merely [other option] ways of financing the same service .

An alternative model for the internal market
an [other option] model for the internal market

There was an alternative model on offer , this time advanced by an English professor of health economics-Alan Maynard of York University ( Maynard , 1986 ) .
there was an [other option] model on offer , this time advanced by an english professor of health economics-alan maynard of york university ( maynard , 1986 ) .

Moreover , anarchists and socialists who offered alternative ways forward had few tangible achievements with which to support their arguments .
moreover , anarchists and socialists who offered [other option] ways forward had few tangible achievements with which to support their arguments .

Secondly , it prompted a recognition of Latin America 's economic vulnerability , a search for alternative models of development and a sense that radical solutions had to be found .
secondly , it prompted a recognition of latin america 's economic vulnerability , a search for [other option] models of development and a sense that radical solutions had to be found .

In Peru the Aprista movement founded by Haya de la Tone — an alternative to both Comintern-style Marxism-Leninism and the radical tradition established by Mariátegui — became discredited owing to its regression into counter-revolutionary responses precisely when its success was greatest .
in peru the aprista movement founded by haya de la tone — an [other option] to both comintern-style marxism-leninism and the radical tradition established by mariátegui — became discredited owing to its regression into counter-revolutionary responses precisely when its success was greatest .

Thus Cuba , which for nearly half a century had run its economy on the basis of near-total reliance on the United States , was faced with the need to find a new market for 700,000 tonnes of sugar and an alternative source of oil supplies .
thus cuba , which for nearly half a century had run its economy on the basis of near-total reliance on the united states , was faced with the need to find a new market for 700,000 tonnes of sugar and an [other option] source of oil supplies .

The hilt of a hiranu , the short sword of Manchu manufacture which was carried as an alternative to the jusei , peeped from his waist sash .
the hilt of a hiranu , the short sword of manchu manufacture which was carried as an [other option] to the jusei , peeped from his waist sash .

Jehan knew that many of the Khans had been won over to support of Artai principally by the knowledge that the probable alternative was civil war , and he shook his head angrily .
jehan knew that many of the khans had been won over to support of artai principally by the knowledge that the probable [other option] was civil war , and he shook his head angrily .

An alternative functionalist approach has been attempted by Edwards and Rackages ( 1977 ) .
an [other option] functionalist approach has been attempted by edwards and rackages ( 1977 ) .

Life on the ‘ end ’ offers the actual or aspiring hooligan an alternative career as part of the ‘ Rowdies ’ : ‘ This ‘ career structure ’ gives some young people a sense of individual achievement within a semi-formal setting opportunities denied to them in most other institutions ' ( Marsh , 1976:348 ) .
life on the ‘ end ’ offers the actual or aspiring hooligan an [other option] career as part of the ‘ rowdies ’ : ‘ this ‘ career structure ’ gives some young people a sense of individual achievement within a semi-formal setting opportunities denied to them in most other institutions ' ( marsh , 1976:348 ) .

Such protesters were refused alternative clothing and lost any remission of their sentence .
such protesters were refused [other option] clothing and lost any remission of their sentence .

They occupy the role of primary definers ( Hall et al , 1978 ) whose interpretation of events immediately sets the agenda within which alternative versions must be cast .
they occupy the role of primary definers ( hall et al , 1978 ) whose interpretation of events immediately sets the agenda within which [other option] versions must be cast .

Later , as she trudged behind the Kurd towards the village of Arghuri , Miss Logan envisaged an alternative explanation : the horses being stolen by those hospitable nomads encountered that first morning .
later , as she trudged behind the kurd towards the village of arghuri , miss logan envisaged an [other option] explanation : the horses being stolen by those hospitable nomads encountered that first morning .

Though the technique employed in The Dear Deceit represents a laying-bare of traditional narrative devices without offering an alternative approach , it sets the stage for the more radical break with the conventions of realism which Brooke-Rose 's fiction demonstrated four years later .
though the technique employed in the dear deceit represents a laying-bare of traditional narrative devices without offering an [other option] approach , it sets the stage for the more radical break with the conventions of realism which brooke-rose 's fiction demonstrated four years later .

The linguistic acrobatics these words perform in Rusty 's mind and the various interpretations which might be attributed to the results are of less consequence in and of themselves than the fact that this performance demonstrates verbal operations of a logic other than that attributed to the rational mind . We see the seeds of alternative patterns of thought also in The Sycamore Tree when Nina temporarily loses her mind :
the linguistic acrobatics these words perform in rusty 's mind and the various interpretations which might be attributed to the results are of less consequence in and of themselves than the fact that this performance demonstrates verbal operations of a logic other than that attributed to the rational mind . we see the seeds of [other option] patterns of thought also in the sycamore tree when nina temporarily loses her mind :

Like Brooke-Rose , Jacques Derrida ( 1972b:277–8 ) and Paul Ricoeur ( 1975:19–24 ) trace the bias toward noun-based views of metaphor back to Aristotle 's classification , but neither investigates the implications of an alternative view based on a different part of speech .
like brooke-rose , jacques derrida ( 1972b:277–8 ) and paul ricoeur ( 1975:19–24 ) trace the bias toward noun-based views of metaphor back to aristotle 's classification , but neither investigates the implications of an [other option] view based on a different part of speech .

Such focuses on a use of discursive metaphor which represents an alternative to the coercive model manifest in Out .
such focuses on a use of discursive metaphor which represents an [other option] to the coercive model manifest in out .

The mythical story of Cassandra functions as an allegory for the fate of alternative forms of language use ; truthful but ‘ unheeded and unhinged ’ ( 12,144 ) , the figure of Cassandra is an example of the extreme to which women 's frustration at not being heard can push them .
the mythical story of cassandra functions as an allegory for the fate of [other option] forms of language use ; truthful but ‘ unheeded and unhinged ’ ( 12,144 ) , the figure of cassandra is an example of the extreme to which women 's frustration at not being heard can push them .

Imaginative story-telling thus represents an alternative to information , but also to the realist novel which shares the media 's obsession with factual precision .
imaginative story-telling thus represents an [other option] to information , but also to the realist novel which shares the media 's obsession with factual precision .

Mira 's dream is to get away from both this approach to the past and the alternative approach of realist fiction , to found a school of history in which ‘ The highest marks will be given , not to the most correct which will be unverifiable but to the most ingenious ’ ( 21 ) .
mira 's dream is to get away from both this approach to the past and the [other option] approach of realist fiction , to found a school of history in which ‘ the highest marks will be given , not to the most correct which will be unverifiable but to the most ingenious ’ ( 21 ) .

That these ‘ alternative histories ’ should be deemed in some sense heretical is a consequence of a perceived transgression of the firmly grounded distinction between secular and sacred exegesis on the one hand , and novels on the other .
that these ‘ [other option] histories ’ should be deemed in some sense heretical is a consequence of a perceived transgression of the firmly grounded distinction between secular and sacred exegesis on the one hand , and novels on the other .

He gave the impression of vulnerability by sitting with his chin on his chest so that he had no alternative but to look up through his eyebrows .
he gave the impression of vulnerability by sitting with his chin on his chest so that he had no [other option] but to look up through his eyebrows .

‘ The alternative , of course , is that she did it .
‘ the [other option] , of course , is that she did it .

In attempts to obtain alternative estimates of crime levels but also to gain information on various topics such as fear of crime , attitudes to the police , public views on punishment and impact of crime , the last decade has seen the proliferation of the crime survey in Britain .
in attempts to obtain [other option] estimates of crime levels but also to gain information on various topics such as fear of crime , attitudes to the police , public views on punishment and impact of crime , the last decade has seen the proliferation of the crime survey in britain .

The problem is to persuade both their supporters , and the judiciary and magistracy , that it is not an easy alternative , that the guilty will still suffer , the Government is not becoming soft on crime .
the problem is to persuade both their supporters , and the judiciary and magistracy , that it is not an easy [other option] , that the guilty will still suffer , the government is not becoming soft on crime .

Instead , they have on the one hand embarked upon the biggest programme of prison building this century , whilst on the other searching for alternative punishments to prison .
instead , they have on the one hand embarked upon the biggest programme of prison building this century , whilst on the other searching for [other option] punishments to prison .

The probation service and voluntary agencies were to be funded to provide an alternative form of punishment for the less serious offender .
the probation service and voluntary agencies were to be funded to provide an [other option] form of punishment for the less serious offender .

Consequently , if the judiciary fail to reduce their proclivities or custodial sentences , and hence the savings fail to materialise , the alternative system will be under great strain .
consequently , if the judiciary fail to reduce their proclivities or custodial sentences , and hence the savings fail to materialise , the [other option] system will be under great strain .

An alternative is a licensed conveyancer ; a fully-trained specialist who has to pass professional exams .
an [other option] is a licensed conveyancer ; a fully-trained specialist who has to pass professional exams .

There is no cash alternative to the prizes .
there is no cash [other option] to the prizes .

Measuring 12′6″ × 7′6″ having door to master bedroom and providing alternative use as dressing room or potential en-suite .
measuring 12′6″ × 7′6″ having door to master bedroom and providing [other option] use as dressing room or potential en-suite .

Kooshies from Canada are an environmentally friendly alternative to disposable nappies .
kooshies from canada are an environmentally friendly [other option] to disposable nappies .

Goat 's milk , which is sometimes used as an alternative to cow 's , is low in folic acid , an important vitamin necessary for proper blood formation , and his vitamin should be added if you use goat 's milk .
goat 's milk , which is sometimes used as an [other option] to cow 's , is low in folic acid , an important vitamin necessary for proper blood formation , and his vitamin should be added if you use goat 's milk .

Our alternative is straightforward , and meets this objection , and we are not only asking that it be used in all cases , only those where the result would otherwise be patently unjust .
our [other option] is straightforward , and meets this objection , and we are not only asking that it be used in all cases , only those where the result would otherwise be patently unjust .

The Office of Fair Trading had considered an alternative approach : either ceilings ( a maximum permissible rate of interest ) or thresholds ( a rate beyond which the creditor had to bear the burden of proof in showing that the transaction was not oppressive , as in the old Moneylenders Act ) .
the office of fair trading had considered an [other option] approach : either ceilings ( a maximum permissible rate of interest ) or thresholds ( a rate beyond which the creditor had to bear the burden of proof in showing that the transaction was not oppressive , as in the old moneylenders act ) .

Traditionally we see stodgy things as real food and the salad bar as an unattractive alternative for those who are n't seriously hungry .
traditionally we see stodgy things as real food and the salad bar as an unattractive [other option] for those who are n't seriously hungry .

No cash alternative is available .
no cash [other option] is available .

In Cause for Concern , we take a look at the kinder alternative methods of animal farming .
in cause for concern , we take a look at the kinder [other option] methods of animal farming .

An even quicker alternative is to omit the tinned fruit and use two commercially prepared gooseberry fools mixed with chopped fresh orange segments .
an even quicker [other option] is to omit the tinned fruit and use two commercially prepared gooseberry fools mixed with chopped fresh orange segments .

Try these deliciously crunchy potato skins with garlic mayonnaise as an alternative to the chive and garlic dressing .
try these deliciously crunchy potato skins with garlic mayonnaise as an [other option] to the chive and garlic dressing .

The government promised a White Paper on student finance , but the very long delay before it finally appeared in November 1988 suggests that there were problems in devising a suitable alternative to grants .
the government promised a white paper on student finance , but the very long delay before it finally appeared in november 1988 suggests that there were problems in devising a suitable [other option] to grants .

The first stage in the transfer is a preselection process , involving informal discussions with tenants where they may make their own alternative suggestions , which eventually produces a single applicant to go forward to the final stages .
the first stage in the transfer is a preselection process , involving informal discussions with tenants where they may make their own [other option] suggestions , which eventually produces a single applicant to go forward to the final stages .

The present landlord and the alternative landlord then enter into lengthy and quite complex negotiations at the end of which a price is agreed .
the present landlord and the [other option] landlord then enter into lengthy and quite complex negotiations at the end of which a price is agreed .

The sale of council houses , the appointment of HATs and the transfer of council housing to alternative landlords all reduce the role of local authorities .
the sale of council houses , the appointment of hats and the transfer of council housing to [other option] landlords all reduce the role of local authorities .

The right to buy policy and the alternative landlord scheme are presented as extensions of tenants ' choice , and for some this is undoubtedly the case .
the right to buy policy and the [other option] landlord scheme are presented as extensions of tenants ' choice , and for some this is undoubtedly the case .

Mrs Thatcher wanted to explore every other possible alternative to local authority leadership of the community care programme .
mrs thatcher wanted to explore every other possible [other option] to local authority leadership of the community care programme .

It is true that contractual accountability may be viewed as an alternative to political accountability , but much of what the voluntary sector does is not capable of precise measurement for inclusion in a contract .
it is true that contractual accountability may be viewed as an [other option] to political accountability , but much of what the voluntary sector does is not capable of precise measurement for inclusion in a contract .

Transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .
transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable [other option] to local authorities as providers of community care services .

The interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal care may be a way forward , but there is no alternative to social services departments remaining the main providers .
the interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal care may be a way forward , but there is no [other option] to social services departments remaining the main providers .

The 1988 Housing Act was heralded as promoting ‘ tenants ’ choice ' : the government assumed that there was widespread dissatisfaction with local authorities as landlords and that tenants would apply in large numbers to transfer to an alternative landlord .
the 1988 housing act was heralded as promoting ‘ tenants ’ choice ' : the government assumed that there was widespread dissatisfaction with local authorities as landlords and that tenants would apply in large numbers to transfer to an [other option] landlord .

Eventually entitlement to unemployment benefit ceases and means-tested income support is then the only alternative .
eventually entitlement to unemployment benefit ceases and means-tested income support is then the only [other option] .

Local authorities have been forced to sell the best of their housing stock into owner occupation , and to agree to the transfer of houses remaining in the rented sector to alternative landlords .
local authorities have been forced to sell the best of their housing stock into owner occupation , and to agree to the transfer of houses remaining in the rented sector to [other option] landlords .

4 For an alternative to a duvet on mild nights why not try these luxurious pure merino wool Henley blankets in bright jewel colours . Edged with satin ribbon , they are available in four sizes :
4 for an [other option] to a duvet on mild nights why not try these luxurious pure merino wool henley blankets in bright jewel colours . edged with satin ribbon , they are available in four sizes :

Late last year , it published a consultative document that could pave the way for legislation to replace the leasehold system with an alternative called Commonhold .
late last year , it published a consultative document that could pave the way for legislation to replace the leasehold system with an [other option] called commonhold .

Alternative versions with fixed arms are called ‘ long sleevers ’ .
[other option] versions with fixed arms are called ‘ long sleevers ’ .

Blinds are an attractive alternative to curtains , and there are many types available .
blinds are an attractive [other option] to curtains , and there are many types available .

One alternative is to fit individual automatic openers , such as Bayliss Autovents , to ventilators .
one [other option] is to fit individual automatic openers , such as bayliss autovents , to ventilators .

The French manufacturers Arva , who have been making an interesting alternative range of transceivers for some years , have now developed a system of amplifying the radio signal so that a ski patroller in a helicopter can home in on a buried skier .
the french manufacturers arva , who have been making an interesting [other option] range of transceivers for some years , have now developed a system of amplifying the radio signal so that a ski patroller in a helicopter can home in on a buried skier .

We provide a full sailing programme with rescue cover at least six hours a day ; we do n't allow sailing in strong winds without rescue cover , so if level 5 sailors ( can carve gybe ) wish to sail outside normal hours they must arrange alternative rescue cover .
we provide a full sailing programme with rescue cover at least six hours a day ; we do n't allow sailing in strong winds without rescue cover , so if level 5 sailors ( can carve gybe ) wish to sail outside normal hours they must arrange [other option] rescue cover .

If Fal Sail have to cancel your holiday after sending confirmation , you 'll be offered a choice of alternative dates or a full refund .
if fal sail have to cancel your holiday after sending confirmation , you 'll be offered a choice of [other option] dates or a full refund .

choose an alternative holiday , subject to availability .
choose an [other option] holiday , subject to availability .

Do you think the Labour Party had any alternative but to travel the course it has taken ?
do you think the labour party had any [other option] but to travel the course it has taken ?

For a generation which has known nothing but Thatcherism , passions are indeed fired by the idea of a pragmatic alternative to Conservative rule .
for a generation which has known nothing but thatcherism , passions are indeed fired by the idea of a pragmatic [other option] to conservative rule .

These ideas were taken up by the peace movement in the early-1980s as an alternative to reliance on nuclear weapons .
these ideas were taken up by the peace movement in the early-1980s as an [other option] to reliance on nuclear weapons .

The President of the European Community has even argued that Israel 's objections to a peace conference could be accommodated by accepting the alternative of bilateral negotiations between Israel and its Arab neighbours .
the president of the european community has even argued that israel 's objections to a peace conference could be accommodated by accepting the [other option] of bilateral negotiations between israel and its arab neighbours .

The only alternative would be that Jordan disintegrates under the pressure of military action and popular hostility towards the war .
the only [other option] would be that jordan disintegrates under the pressure of military action and popular hostility towards the war .

For while there are many for whom the decimation of Baghdad is guided by a fine and noble and sense of justice , many others find themselves with effectively no alternative but to support ‘ our government ’ / ‘ our boys ’ / ‘ freedom ’ or whatever other option is put before them , in spite of their doubts about the validity of the whole bloody exercise .
for while there are many for whom the decimation of baghdad is guided by a fine and noble and sense of justice , many others find themselves with effectively no [other option] but to support ‘ our government ’ / ‘ our boys ’ / ‘ freedom ’ or whatever other option is put before them , in spite of their doubts about the validity of the whole bloody exercise .

Even more than in the earlier conflict , direct vetting of journalists ' copy and reliance on allied debriefings ensure that military priorities squeeze out alternative perspectives and agendas .
even more than in the earlier conflict , direct vetting of journalists ' copy and reliance on allied debriefings ensure that military priorities squeeze out [other option] perspectives and agendas .

Support alternative ways of funding local government , such as ‘ Not the Poll Tax ’ .
support [other option] ways of funding local government , such as ‘ not the poll tax ’ .

Their alternative to the Community Charge .
their [other option] to the community charge .

Why did we do so much better than the pundits and opinion polls predicted ? Because you do not want a return to destructive two party politics and you do know at first hand that Liberal Democrats do put ‘ people first ’ ; that local income tax is a fair and predictable alternative to the poll tax ; that our stance on Hong Kong is morally right and that we realise the urgency of environmental action with targets for achievement away ahead of the other two parties .
why did we do so much better than the pundits and opinion polls predicted ? because you do not want a return to destructive two party politics and you do know at first hand that liberal democrats do put ‘ people first ’ ; that local income tax is a fair and predictable [other option] to the poll tax ; that our stance on hong kong is morally right and that we realise the urgency of environmental action with targets for achievement away ahead of the other two parties .

An alternative is to take a data feed electronically from an established computerised accounting database , such as Extel Financial 's MicroEXSTAT , allowing full company analysis within seconds and tables of main customers to be drawn up and monitored automatically .
an [other option] is to take a data feed electronically from an established computerised accounting database , such as extel financial 's microexstat , allowing full company analysis within seconds and tables of main customers to be drawn up and monitored automatically .

‘ The success of the experiment at Snowshill proves that organic gardening is not just an eccentric alternative ; it can also produce better results ’
‘ the success of the experiment at snowshill proves that organic gardening is not just an eccentric [other option] ; it can also produce better results ’

But the success of the experiment at Snowshill shows that organic gardening is not just an eccentric alternative ; it can also produce better results .
but the success of the experiment at snowshill shows that organic gardening is not just an eccentric [other option] ; it can also produce better results .

Alternative Health : The Bates Method by Peter Mansfield ( Optima £5.99 ) tells how to improve your eyesight without spectacles .
[other option] health : the bates method by peter mansfield ( optima £5.99 ) tells how to improve your eyesight without spectacles .

It exemplifies his preferred touch/feel alternative approach to medicine .
it exemplifies his preferred touch/feel [other option] approach to medicine .

Substitute cream in recipes with Delight Single Half Fat Alternative to Cream , and dress salads with Yogonaise , Delight 's new low fat dressing — your guests will never know that the delicious food you 're serving is also lower in fat .
substitute cream in recipes with delight single half fat [other option] to cream , and dress salads with yogonaise , delight 's new low fat dressing — your guests will never know that the delicious food you 're serving is also lower in fat .

Its special ingredient is a new fat alternative made from natural ingredients , called Simplesse .
its special ingredient is a new fat [other option] made from natural ingredients , called simplesse .

One attractive alternative to brushing bronzing powder on your cheeks is cream blusher : blend it in well with your fingertips over a base of tinted moisturiser , then dust any areas prone to shine with powder .
one attractive [other option] to brushing bronzing powder on your cheeks is cream blusher : blend it in well with your fingertips over a base of tinted moisturiser , then dust any areas prone to shine with powder .

If you prefer an alternative approach , some aromatherapists and reflexologists claim to have had good results .
if you prefer an [other option] approach , some aromatherapists and reflexologists claim to have had good results .

An alternative salad is made by using raw scallops .
an [other option] salad is made by using raw scallops .

The problem with such large fields is that it means a lot of walking , but the alternative is to search in smaller fields , which is not a good alternative .
the problem with such large fields is that it means a lot of walking , but the [other option] is to search in smaller fields , which is not a good [other option] .

There were two alternative forms of the Queen Victoria Crown surmounting the plate centre : one flat-topped and the other of normal crown form .
there were two [other option] forms of the queen victoria crown surmounting the plate centre : one flat-topped and the other of normal crown form .

Sometimes the lines of alternative paths further down the hillside can be mistaken for terracing .
sometimes the lines of [other option] paths further down the hillside can be mistaken for terracing .

There are two entrances , one at either end , but no alternative door openings or variations as there only a zip at each entrance .
there are two entrances , one at either end , but no [other option] door openings or variations as there only a zip at each entrance .

( a ) Easier alternative to sign-posted route .
( a ) easier [other option] to sign-posted route .

No cash alternative to the prizes will be offered .
no cash [other option] to the prizes will be offered .

Wild camping is not encouraged , but in wild country there is often no alternative — if a camp-site is available , it must be used .
wild camping is not encouraged , but in wild country there is often no [other option] — if a camp-site is available , it must be used .

Alternative Action
[other option] action

Sedrun has an indoor pool as an alternative to dips in glacial tarns .
sedrun has an indoor pool as an [other option] to dips in glacial tarns .

One would construct alternative scenarios , and brood about them .
one would construct [other option] scenarios , and brood about them .

The exploitation of a range of alternative contractual and working time arrangements permits firms to secure precisely the number and types of such secondary workers that they might require at any time .
the exploitation of a range of [other option] contractual and working time arrangements permits firms to secure precisely the number and types of such secondary workers that they might require at any time .

If the growing power of the medical profession was in part derived from the certainty and coherence of its discourse , then the success of repeal opposition was dependent on the mobilization of an alternative language capable of challenging professional power and expertise .
if the growing power of the medical profession was in part derived from the certainty and coherence of its discourse , then the success of repeal opposition was dependent on the mobilization of an [other option] language capable of challenging professional power and expertise .

Temperance-style mass meetings , schemes for moral reclamation and placing prostitutes in domestic service , the setting up of rescue homes — these were all part of the feminist alternative to medical regulation .
temperance-style mass meetings , schemes for moral reclamation and placing prostitutes in domestic service , the setting up of rescue homes — these were all part of the feminist [other option] to medical regulation .

Feminists perceived that in a world where men and masculinist attitudes had monopolized notions of physical sexual pleasure , purity stress on chastity and the importance of human love provided a positive alternative .
feminists perceived that in a world where men and masculinist attitudes had monopolized notions of physical sexual pleasure , purity stress on chastity and the importance of human love provided a positive [other option] .

The alternative put forward by new moralists celebrated the power and joy women could discover within active heterosexuality .
the [other option] put forward by new moralists celebrated the power and joy women could discover within active heterosexuality .

The problem was quite literally the lack of alternative languages developed by women themselves .
the problem was quite literally the lack of [other option] languages developed by women themselves .

When they had completed their task , they went back over the language of their exchange , noting the semantic field of the vocabulary , listing alternative lexis and structure which was synonymous in meaning with what they had used .
when they had completed their task , they went back over the language of their exchange , noting the semantic field of the vocabulary , listing [other option] lexis and structure which was synonymous in meaning with what they had used .

Certainly they should not be allowed to fall back on supplementary schools as an alternative to mainstream provision .
certainly they should not be allowed to fall back on supplementary schools as an [other option] to mainstream provision .

The Interim report considered that there were only two alternative methods of relieving the congestion of London : either by vertical expansion in multi-storey buildings , or by removal of part of the population elsewhere , so achieving lower densities and larger open spaces .
the interim report considered that there were only two [other option] methods of relieving the congestion of london : either by vertical expansion in multi-storey buildings , or by removal of part of the population elsewhere , so achieving lower densities and larger open spaces .

Local authorities were obliged to carry out overcrowding surveys ; to prosecute to enforce the standard ; and to define what might be regarded as ‘ suitable alternative accommodation ’ .
local authorities were obliged to carry out overcrowding surveys ; to prosecute to enforce the standard ; and to define what might be regarded as ‘ suitable [other option] accommodation ’ .

Ten years earlier Unwin had faced the alternative to London 's outward spread : either a continuous zone of free entry at varying degrees of density , its continuity broken by areas of public open space ; or a continuous green background as the setting for occasional development .
ten years earlier unwin had faced the [other option] to london 's outward spread : either a continuous zone of free entry at varying degrees of density , its continuity broken by areas of public open space ; or a continuous green background as the setting for occasional development .

Abercrombie followed Unwin in advocating the second alternative for the two outer rings , and in fact his plan put great store on both the scenic aspect of regional open space and the detailed design which would knit the whole together into a continuous system by footpaths , riverside walks and bridleways .
abercrombie followed unwin in advocating the second [other option] for the two outer rings , and in fact his plan put great store on both the scenic aspect of regional open space and the detailed design which would knit the whole together into a continuous system by footpaths , riverside walks and bridleways .

Community disturbance was considerable , with very high annual transference rates of people from slum housing to alternative accommodation of very different style , quality , location and community setting .
community disturbance was considerable , with very high annual transference rates of people from slum housing to [other option] accommodation of very different style , quality , location and community setting .

Alternative proposals for town development reflect these concerns .
[other option] proposals for town development reflect these concerns .

Case studies of alternative schemes were prepared for settlements of different sizes and conditions : Newbury , Norwich , Leeds and Central London .
case studies of [other option] schemes were prepared for settlements of different sizes and conditions : newbury , norwich , leeds and central london .

Jenner wondered if the unanaesthetised de-clawing may have had some effect on this , and he offered the theory that an alternative source of pain might cause a distraction from the tail-crushing effects of caudate stimulation .
jenner wondered if the unanaesthetised de-clawing may have had some effect on this , and he offered the theory that an [other option] source of pain might cause a distraction from the tail-crushing effects of caudate stimulation .

The driver , travelling at some eighty kilometres per hour , had little alternative but to stand on the brakes and swing the bus hard right .
the driver , travelling at some eighty kilometres per hour , had little [other option] but to stand on the brakes and swing the bus hard right .

Darwin challenged this approach with his revival of the materialistic alternative .
darwin challenged this approach with his revival of the materialistic [other option] .

Owen 's task was made easier by the fact that the idealist strand in German thought promoted an alternative view of natural unity .
owen 's task was made easier by the fact that the idealist strand in german thought promoted an [other option] view of natural unity .

Forbes assumed that much of northern Europe had been submerged by a shallow ocean during a period in which the climate was significantly colder than the present ( Lyell 's alternative to the ice age theory ) .
forbes assumed that much of northern europe had been submerged by a shallow ocean during a period in which the climate was significantly colder than the present ( lyell 's [other option] to the ice age theory ) .

Most geologists saw Lyell 's steady-state alternative as completely unrealistic .
most geologists saw lyell 's steady-state [other option] as completely unrealistic .

Those naturalists who wanted to preserve a role for the supernatural in the creation of life were forced to try out a number of alternatives in an attempt to provide an explanatory framework that would serve as an alternative to evolutionism .
those naturalists who wanted to preserve a role for the supernatural in the creation of life were forced to try out a number of alternatives in an attempt to provide an explanatory framework that would serve as an [other option] to evolutionism .

But in Darwin 's own time , natural selection remained controversial and was supplemented by a range of alternative theories including Lamarck 's ‘ inheritance of acquired characteristics ’ and an appeal to saltations or sudden evolutionary leaps .
but in darwin 's own time , natural selection remained controversial and was supplemented by a range of [other option] theories including lamarck 's ‘ inheritance of acquired characteristics ’ and an appeal to saltations or sudden evolutionary leaps .

Less well known are the various groups of explicitly anti-Darwinian evolutionists who developed alternative theories in the later part of the century .
less well known are the various groups of explicitly anti-darwinian evolutionists who developed [other option] theories in the later part of the century .

We also need to know why some biologists who were suspicious of natural selection called themselves ‘ Darwinians ’ — and why others were so determined to develop alternative theories .
we also need to know why some biologists who were suspicious of natural selection called themselves ‘ darwinians ’ — and why others were so determined to develop [other option] theories .

They sought alternative explanations of how the process might work , which allowed them to believe that Nature was driven by something higher than mere selfishness .
they sought [other option] explanations of how the process might work , which allowed them to believe that nature was driven by something higher than mere selfishness .

Since in most species the individual animals can not control their own colour , Lamarckism could not be invoked to explain the phenomenon ; selection was the only alternative to divine creation .
since in most species the individual animals can not control their own colour , lamarckism could not be invoked to explain the phenomenon ; selection was the only [other option] to divine creation .

Not everyone was convinced , however , and there were many efforts by anti-Darwinians to provide evidence in favour of alternative evolutionary mechanisms .
not everyone was convinced , however , and there were many efforts by anti-darwinians to provide evidence in favour of [other option] evolutionary mechanisms .

Warming was trained as a plant physiologist , spent some time in Brazil as a student , and finally developed his ecological approach as an alternative to both pure physiology and the sterile emphasis on classification of many field naturalists .
warming was trained as a plant physiologist , spent some time in brazil as a student , and finally developed his ecological approach as an [other option] to both pure physiology and the sterile emphasis on classification of many field naturalists .

Women recognize that some of their tears are tears of weakness , and these are the tears which come as an alternative to rage and anger or as a way of coping with their feelings of powerlessness .
women recognize that some of their tears are tears of weakness , and these are the tears which come as an [other option] to rage and anger or as a way of coping with their feelings of powerlessness .

She went into the darkness of that experience , found within herself a healing power which she allied with alternative therapies and is now fully cured .
she went into the darkness of that experience , found within herself a healing power which she allied with [other option] therapies and is now fully cured .

This is a view widely held among alternative and complementary practitioners .
this is a view widely held among [other option] and complementary practitioners .

The backaches , the headaches , the abdominal pressure , the fatigue and skin troubles as well as the life threatening illnesses for which no cure is on tap from conventional medicine often respond to these alternative or complementary therapies … for a time .
the backaches , the headaches , the abdominal pressure , the fatigue and skin troubles as well as the life threatening illnesses for which no cure is on tap from conventional medicine often respond to these [other option] or complementary therapies … for a time .

He worked as one of the cooperative who ran Blot , the alternative newspaper where Miranda often published — though Blot in her view was well-named , for every page was printed in several coloured inks and a variety of types , and then overprinted in palimpsest .
he worked as one of the cooperative who ran blot , the [other option] newspaper where miranda often published — though blot in her view was well-named , for every page was printed in several coloured inks and a variety of types , and then overprinted in palimpsest .

Blot 's an alternative paper .
blot 's an [other option] paper .

New staff , on joining , should be acquainted with fire exit routes and instructed as to the various alternative exits available should smoke , fire or collapse or stocks or racking render normally used routes impossible .
new staff , on joining , should be acquainted with fire exit routes and instructed as to the various [other option] exits available should smoke , fire or collapse or stocks or racking render normally used routes impossible .

Such relaxations are considered on the merits of the particular case and may be influenced by any alternative provisions being made for the protection of the building .
such relaxations are considered on the merits of the particular case and may be influenced by any [other option] provisions being made for the protection of the building .

Relaxations , if granted , may well include alternative conditions aimed at securing fire safety .
relaxations , if granted , may well include [other option] conditions aimed at securing fire safety .

But it is not right for a member of the teaching staff to so present that disciplinary framework that the student is unable to view it from the outside or is discouraged from officering an alternative perspective from another discipline .
but it is not right for a member of the teaching staff to so present that disciplinary framework that the student is unable to view it from the outside or is discouraged from officering an [other option] perspective from another discipline .

The teacher needs to be open to , and supportive of , the student who has an alternative view to present , even if it does not fall squarely within the teacher 's own disciplinary expertise .
the teacher needs to be open to , and supportive of , the student who has an [other option] view to present , even if it does not fall squarely within the teacher 's own disciplinary expertise .

An interesting piece of software called JustText offers a more realistic alternative .
an interesting piece of software called justtext offers a more realistic [other option] .

As an alternative to these ; both acoustic and optical tablets are available .
as an [other option] to these ; both acoustic and optical tablets are available .

However , for several years now there have been low cost cameras like Polaroid 's Palette that provided a quick and effective alternative for those who either needed total confidentiality or were simply rather less fussy about the quality .
however , for several years now there have been low cost cameras like polaroid 's palette that provided a quick and effective [other option] for those who either needed total confidentiality or were simply rather less fussy about the quality .

One possible alternative that seems to allow you to mix the new software with the best of the old hardware is Visual Business Systems ' Output Manager .
one possible [other option] that seems to allow you to mix the new software with the best of the old hardware is visual business systems ' output manager .

As to whether it will be a viable alternative to the likes of Hell , Scitex and Crosfield or will simply provide these companies with the base material in electronic form is an answer that is some years away yet .
as to whether it will be a viable [other option] to the likes of hell , scitex and crosfield or will simply provide these companies with the base material in electronic form is an answer that is some years away yet .

Although programs such as PageMaker and Ventura continue to steal the headlines as being the driving force behind desktop publishing there is a whole raft of alternative products that operate at a much lower level .
although programs such as pagemaker and ventura continue to steal the headlines as being the driving force behind desktop publishing there is a whole raft of [other option] products that operate at a much lower level .

‘ It is preferable to the alternative of being locked up twenty-three hours out of twenty-four , ’ Merrick echoed .
‘ it is preferable to the [other option] of being locked up twenty-three hours out of twenty-four , ’ merrick echoed .

Alternative approaches to leadership theory have been developed over tie years , and some of these will be described under the headings of :
[other option] approaches to leadership theory have been developed over tie years , and some of these will be described under the headings of :

the extent to which subordinates need to be controlled and supervised , and in particular the strength of the ‘ central faith ’ or culture of the organisation , which provides an alternative means of control over employees .
the extent to which subordinates need to be controlled and supervised , and in particular the strength of the ‘ central faith ’ or culture of the organisation , which provides an [other option] means of control over employees .

Will-gill ( or he-she ) — an alternative name for a morphadate ( hermaphrodite ) , a cart or vehicle which is an amalgam of a wagon and a tumbril .
will-gill ( or he-she ) — an [other option] name for a morphadate ( hermaphrodite ) , a cart or vehicle which is an amalgam of a wagon and a tumbril .

‘ Lewis seems to be making it in the old alternative comedy scene , does n't he ? ’ Ash said .
‘ lewis seems to be making it in the old [other option] comedy scene , does n't he ? ’ ash said .

We sipped — or in my case gulped — the weak but tasty punch , nibbled on Aunt Tone 's buffet-bits , and played Alternative Charades ; an invention of my father 's in which one first has to guess the category of the thing one is being asked to decipher .
we sipped — or in my case gulped — the weak but tasty punch , nibbled on aunt tone 's buffet-bits , and played [other option] charades ; an invention of my father 's in which one first has to guess the category of the thing one is being asked to decipher .

Can our Nation risk the social consequences to our way of life by ignoring the possibility of any viable alternative ? It might be difficult and changes be necessary , but would this not be better than what we have now ?
can our nation risk the social consequences to our way of life by ignoring the possibility of any viable [other option] ? it might be difficult and changes be necessary , but would this not be better than what we have now ?

But there is an alternative .
but there is an [other option] .

In view of the obstinate pattern of unemployment , coupled with the emergence of the new industrial states of the East , the leisure industry and tourism offer an attractive alternative from head-to-head international manufacturing confrontations , with cheap labour — the trump card always in the hands of our competitors .
in view of the obstinate pattern of unemployment , coupled with the emergence of the new industrial states of the east , the leisure industry and tourism offer an attractive [other option] from head-to-head international manufacturing confrontations , with cheap labour — the trump card always in the hands of our competitors .

, Cavendish 's second cousin , and comprises twenty-eight compositions : fourteen songs for voice and lute or two voices and bass viol , six more lute songs with alternative versions for four voices alone , and eight madrigals for five voices — a range of performing options which justifies the claim in the dedication that the book ‘ hath in it humours variable for delights sake ’ .
, cavendish 's second cousin , and comprises twenty-eight compositions : fourteen songs for voice and lute or two voices and bass viol , six more lute songs with [other option] versions for four voices alone , and eight madrigals for five voices — a range of performing options which justifies the claim in the dedication that the book ‘ hath in it humours variable for delights sake ’ .

He decided that he had no alternative but to flee abroad .
he decided that he had no [other option] but to flee abroad .

He was always ready to flout the company 's regulations , failing to register two alternative versions of his new sterling ( Britannia ) mark , and was criticized by the company for failing to submit plate for assay and hallmarking in 1717 .
he was always ready to flout the company 's regulations , failing to register two [other option] versions of his new sterling ( britannia ) mark , and was criticized by the company for failing to submit plate for assay and hallmarking in 1717 .

Together they established a portrait studio in Aberdeen , offering photography as an alternative to painting .
together they established a portrait studio in aberdeen , offering photography as an [other option] to painting .

In two cases where he executed designs by Hawksmoor , the Clarendon Building ( 1712–15 ) and the north quadrangle of All Souls ( 1716–35 ) , he had submitted alternative proposals himself ; and at Christ Church library ( 1717–38 ) he acted as Clarke 's architectural amanuensis , drawing out his designs as well as executing them .
in two cases where he executed designs by hawksmoor , the clarendon building ( 1712–15 ) and the north quadrangle of all souls ( 1716–35 ) , he had submitted [other option] proposals himself ; and at christ church library ( 1717–38 ) he acted as clarke 's architectural amanuensis , drawing out his designs as well as executing them .

An alternative suggests that as the English made the return crossing , the bridge became overloaded , and as the barges sank many were drowned .
an [other option] suggests that as the english made the return crossing , the bridge became overloaded , and as the barges sank many were drowned .

The growth of such organisations — community groups , tenants ' associations , welfare rights groups , women 's groups , community employment groups , popular planning associations , unemployed centres , alternative technology groups , cooperatives — bear witness to a general discontent with existing social and political structures .
the growth of such organisations — community groups , tenants ' associations , welfare rights groups , women 's groups , community employment groups , popular planning associations , unemployed centres , [other option] technology groups , cooperatives — bear witness to a general discontent with existing social and political structures .

Yet community education in working-class communities has not grown to offer a radical alternative to traditional adult education provision .
yet community education in working-class communities has not grown to offer a radical [other option] to traditional adult education provision .

Some adult educators felt that the ‘ alternative education ’ offered to such communities was not a real alternative .
some adult educators felt that the ‘ [other option] education ’ offered to such communities was not a real [other option] .

They decided to offer an alternative which , whilst concerned with collective efforts to improve social and economic conditions , would provide an education offering a real sense of achievement within an alternative curriculum linking local concerns with wider social and economic issues , hoping to provide an educational arm for the working class .
they decided to offer an [other option] which , whilst concerned with collective efforts to improve social and economic conditions , would provide an education offering a real sense of achievement within an [other option] curriculum linking local concerns with wider social and economic issues , hoping to provide an educational arm for the working class .

In our own project we have seen no alternative but to see local people as part of the working-class , exploited more than many of their fellows elsewhere by their social , economic and cultural environment in the centre of a large city , whose economy is shaky and uncertain in Britain 's present stage of development .
in our own project we have seen no [other option] but to see local people as part of the working-class , exploited more than many of their fellows elsewhere by their social , economic and cultural environment in the centre of a large city , whose economy is shaky and uncertain in britain 's present stage of development .

It indicated that community education for peace and reconstruction offered a possible alternative to violence and conflict by building a united working-class movement based on local community action .
it indicated that community education for peace and reconstruction offered a possible [other option] to violence and conflict by building a united working-class movement based on local community action .

However , community education does not present an alternative , radical analysis and vision for those involved in this process .
however , community education does not present an [other option] , radical analysis and vision for those involved in this process .

As well as providing space for workshops and conferences on various social , economic and political issues as they arise , the College is developing an alternative curriculum based on the issues and problems facing men , women and youth in working-class communities throughout Northern Ireland .
as well as providing space for workshops and conferences on various social , economic and political issues as they arise , the college is developing an [other option] curriculum based on the issues and problems facing men , women and youth in working-class communities throughout northern ireland .

What the Ulster People 's College is about is developing an alternative vision of society .
what the ulster people 's college is about is developing an [other option] vision of society .

Until recently , educational initiatives concerned with such alternative views have been severely neglected in the discussion about community education and social change .
until recently , educational initiatives concerned with such [other option] views have been severely neglected in the discussion about community education and social change .

Only then will they be able to decide whether they see community education as something complementary to the formal adult education provision or an alternative system pursuing distinct and radical objectives .
only then will they be able to decide whether they see community education as something complementary to the formal adult education provision or an [other option] system pursuing distinct and radical objectives .

In the Australian experience referred to earlier , those engaged in the study of alternative community-based educational initiatives stressed the former rather than the latter , ‘ The innovating organisation will only survive if it can show them ( the statutory bodies and local power groups ) that its power is complementary rather than invasive .
in the australian experience referred to earlier , those engaged in the study of [other option] community-based educational initiatives stressed the former rather than the latter , ‘ the innovating organisation will only survive if it can show them ( the statutory bodies and local power groups ) that its power is complementary rather than invasive .

An education which is both liberating and informed by an alternative conception of society is rare , and educational opportunities which are extended beyond representatives to the wider membership is rarer still .
an education which is both liberating and informed by an [other option] conception of society is rare , and educational opportunities which are extended beyond representatives to the wider membership is rarer still .

While this might have been expected , neither did it explore alternative ways of allowing mineworkers to use its educational resources .
while this might have been expected , neither did it explore [other option] ways of allowing mineworkers to use its educational resources .

Many of the community-based projects were developed by libertarian socialists , formed politically in the ‘ alternative ’ social movements of the 1960s and 1970s , who rejected hierarchical and bureaucratic forms of organisation and who celebrated cultural rather than economic struggle .
many of the community-based projects were developed by libertarian socialists , formed politically in the ‘ [other option] ’ social movements of the 1960s and 1970s , who rejected hierarchical and bureaucratic forms of organisation and who celebrated cultural rather than economic struggle .

There is no hint here of structural explanations , still less of critical analyses of alternative political and economic strategies which might be held to ameliorate , if not cure absolutely , unemployment .
there is no hint here of structural explanations , still less of critical analyses of [other option] political and economic strategies which might be held to ameliorate , if not cure absolutely , unemployment .

Finally , such approaches are , again , inherently conservative in that they underpin the prevailing common sense about the nature and causes of unemployment , they foreclose discussion on any alternative analyses , and they integrate and undermine potentially ‘ deviant ’ political stances amongst the unemployed .
finally , such approaches are , again , inherently conservative in that they underpin the prevailing common sense about the nature and causes of unemployment , they foreclose discussion on any [other option] analyses , and they integrate and undermine potentially ‘ deviant ’ political stances amongst the unemployed .

This is not to advocate socialist or any other sort of indoctrination , but to stress the importance of studying — via community education provision — alternative perspectives on reality socialist , libertarian , feminist or whatever — in order to counteract the prevailing orthodoxies portrayed through the media and other agencies of socialisation .
this is not to advocate socialist or any other sort of indoctrination , but to stress the importance of studying — via community education provision — [other option] perspectives on reality socialist , libertarian , feminist or whatever — in order to counteract the prevailing orthodoxies portrayed through the media and other agencies of socialisation .

Since the 1986 Act allows a receiver , even though appointed out of court , to obtain the court 's directions , it is difficult to envisage circumstances in which an application to the court can be justified if the cheaper alternative is available , and the professional adviser who recommended it would be laying himself open to grave risk of criticism .
since the 1986 act allows a receiver , even though appointed out of court , to obtain the court 's directions , it is difficult to envisage circumstances in which an application to the court can be justified if the cheaper [other option] is available , and the professional adviser who recommended it would be laying himself open to grave risk of criticism .

In such circumstances , the offence of affray is a useful alternative either to one of the offences against the person , or some minor public order offence .
in such circumstances , the offence of affray is a useful [other option] either to one of the offences against the person , or some minor public order offence .

’ The question will assume practical significance because of the potential overlap with the offence of violent disorder , to which section 4 constitutes an alternative offence .
’ the question will assume practical significance because of the potential overlap with the offence of violent disorder , to which section 4 constitutes an [other option] offence .

This intent requirement is , of course , an alternative to the objective conditions , on which the prosecutor is far more likely to place reliance .
this intent requirement is , of course , an [other option] to the objective conditions , on which the prosecutor is far more likely to place reliance .

Taken literally , it involves nothing less than a judgment about the competition for alternative uses of public resources , and involves the individual police officer making a judgment about what the ordinary ‘ life of the community ’ entails .
taken literally , it involves nothing less than a judgment about the competition for [other option] uses of public resources , and involves the individual police officer making a judgment about what the ordinary ‘ life of the community ’ entails .

In those circumstances , a chief constable who wishes to impose conditions would be justified in taking into account the risk of serious disorder and serious disruption to the life of the community , and impose conditions as to route on those alternative grounds .
in those circumstances , a chief constable who wishes to impose conditions would be justified in taking into account the risk of serious disorder and serious disruption to the life of the community , and impose conditions as to route on those [other option] grounds .

Similarly with banners and lapel badges ; the amount of work that is involved in preparing a case for the consent of the Law Officer make arrest and charge under section 4 or 5 , in practice seem an altogether more attractive alternative for the policeman on the spot .
similarly with banners and lapel badges ; the amount of work that is involved in preparing a case for the consent of the law officer make arrest and charge under section 4 or 5 , in practice seem an altogether more attractive [other option] for the policeman on the spot .

In an attempt to counter defences such as this , the Act reintroduces the requirement of an intent to stir up racial hatred as an alternative to the objective formula .
in an attempt to counter defences such as this , the act reintroduces the requirement of an intent to stir up racial hatred as an [other option] to the objective formula .

Strictly speaking , this alternative ‘ mental ’ element is not a mens rea requirement at all , although it is properly enough described as a fault element .
strictly speaking , this [other option] ‘ mental ’ element is not a mens rea requirement at all , although it is properly enough described as a fault element .

Even here , the test of imminence discussed in Moss v. McLachlan suggest that there must be a clear and present danger that the conduct in which he is engaging will give rise to a breach of the peace , and it is demonstrable that the constable has no reasonable alternative course of action open to him other than to ask the speaker to desist , as by , for example , calling for assistance .
even here , the test of imminence discussed in moss v. mclachlan suggest that there must be a clear and present danger that the conduct in which he is engaging will give rise to a breach of the peace , and it is demonstrable that the constable has no reasonable [other option] course of action open to him other than to ask the speaker to desist , as by , for example , calling for assistance .

An alternative to this view is that identification does not begin until an entire word has been heard , so that only one word detector is activated for each word .
an [other option] to this view is that identification does not begin until an entire word has been heard , so that only one word detector is activated for each word .

There is not space here to discuss the story grammar approach in detail , and readers who are interested in this topic are advised to read the recent reviews of this and alternative approaches contained in Brown and Yule ( 1983 : Chapter 3 ) and Johnson-Laird ( 1983 : Chapter 14 ) .
there is not space here to discuss the story grammar approach in detail , and readers who are interested in this topic are advised to read the recent reviews of this and [other option] approaches contained in brown and yule ( 1983 : chapter 3 ) and johnson-laird ( 1983 : chapter 14 ) .

An alternative to having a separate entry for every word-form is that only base forms are listed in the lexicon , together with a set of lexical rules for deriving all regularly inflected forms of the base item , and a listing of all irregularly inflected forms .
an [other option] to having a separate entry for every word-form is that only base forms are listed in the lexicon , together with a set of lexical rules for deriving all regularly inflected forms of the base item , and a listing of all irregularly inflected forms .

We will discuss two issues , the existence of various alternative ways of expressing essentially similar information , and the relation between the accessibility of particular lexical items and the production of particular syntactic forms .
we will discuss two issues , the existence of various [other option] ways of expressing essentially similar information , and the relation between the accessibility of particular lexical items and the production of particular syntactic forms .

One question which has concerned psycholinguists for many years is why there exist in English ( and in other languages ) several alternative syntactic options ( or paraphrases ) for expressing essentially the same information . For example , the following three sentences all express the same basic meaning :
one question which has concerned psycholinguists for many years is why there exist in english ( and in other languages ) several [other option] syntactic options ( or paraphrases ) for expressing essentially the same information . for example , the following three sentences all express the same basic meaning :

In contrast , Coltheart ( 1980 ) and Saffran , Bogyo , Schwartz and Marin ( 1980 ) suggested that in deep dyslexia the normal reading system can not operate at all , and that the reading that the patient can manage is mediated by an alternative processing system located in the right hemisphere , a system which might play no role at all in normal reading .
in contrast , coltheart ( 1980 ) and saffran , bogyo , schwartz and marin ( 1980 ) suggested that in deep dyslexia the normal reading system can not operate at all , and that the reading that the patient can manage is mediated by an [other option] processing system located in the right hemisphere , a system which might play no role at all in normal reading .

The reduced autonomy and effectiveness of individual states resulting from globalization has undermined their authority in regions where the claims of minority ‘ stateless nations ’ provide an alternative focus for allegiance .
the reduced autonomy and effectiveness of individual states resulting from globalization has undermined their authority in regions where the claims of minority ‘ stateless nations ’ provide an [other option] focus for allegiance .

) Organizations where the profit motive is absent typically have not just one alternative goal but many .
) organizations where the profit motive is absent typically have not just one [other option] goal but many .

Because so much more work has been done and so much more is known about the business way of accounting , having alternative methods leads to confusion .
because so much more work has been done and so much more is known about the business way of accounting , having [other option] methods leads to confusion .

Nevertheless , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .
nevertheless , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing [other option] to cash accounting .

However , it is worth considering because it does offer , at least in theory , an alternative .
however , it is worth considering because it does offer , at least in theory , an [other option] .

The local authority associations were subsequently asked to provide an alternative set of proposals .
the local authority associations were subsequently asked to provide an [other option] set of proposals .

Taking account of this , and remembering that profit figures are produced by accountants who have an array of alternative treatments of the basic debits and credits , it is not surprising that expert financial analysts are not satisfied with a profit figure alone .
taking account of this , and remembering that profit figures are produced by accountants who have an array of [other option] treatments of the basic debits and credits , it is not surprising that expert financial analysts are not satisfied with a profit figure alone .

As The Corporate Report ( 1975 , p. 49 ) says , value-added statements of this kind offer an alternative view to the profit and loss account , showing the Post Office as ‘ a collective effort by capital , management and employees ’ ; it also identifies the financial flows into Government .
as the corporate report ( 1975 , p. 49 ) says , value-added statements of this kind offer an [other option] view to the profit and loss account , showing the post office as ‘ a collective effort by capital , management and employees ’ ; it also identifies the financial flows into government .

As an alternative to the fan strike ( right ) , the defender can retaliate by substituting a palm heel strike .
as an [other option] to the fan strike ( right ) , the defender can retaliate by substituting a palm heel strike .

If at first this proves too difficult , an alternative method of grabbing the ankles may be substituted until the area becomes more stretched and flexible with use .
if at first this proves too difficult , an [other option] method of grabbing the ankles may be substituted until the area becomes more stretched and flexible with use .

Standing off-set can present a smaller target area to the opponent and , by forcing him to strike at an alternative area , can trap him into leaving himself wide open .
standing off-set can present a smaller target area to the opponent and , by forcing him to strike at an [other option] area , can trap him into leaving himself wide open .

Alternative models in historical geomorphology
[other option] models in historical geomorphology

First there were alternative models of historical geomorphology evolved in areas where remnants of Tertiary planation surfaces were dominant in the landscape and these are considered in this section ; and secondly there were developments in areas where Quaternary deposits and landscapes promoted a very different approach and one which often centred upon sea levels and glacial landforms and their interpretation , as reviewed below ( pp .
first there were [other option] models of historical geomorphology evolved in areas where remnants of tertiary planation surfaces were dominant in the landscape and these are considered in this section ; and secondly there were developments in areas where quaternary deposits and landscapes promoted a very different approach and one which often centred upon sea levels and glacial landforms and their interpretation , as reviewed below ( pp .

Experience of these techniques has recently prompted Oldfield ( 1983b ) to propose a steady-state model of ecosystem change related to man 's impact on environment as an additional alternative to more familiar successional and cyclic models , and this is more appropriately considered in relation to other time-bound developments ( chapter 8 , p. 182 ) .
experience of these techniques has recently prompted oldfield ( 1983b ) to propose a steady-state model of ecosystem change related to man 's impact on environment as an additional [other option] to more familiar successional and cyclic models , and this is more appropriately considered in relation to other time-bound developments ( chapter 8 , p. 182 ) .

This provides an alternative perspective but still one in which man and hazards interact , which is underlined by part of the quotation used at the beginning of Hewitt 's ( 1983 ) volume :
this provides an [other option] perspective but still one in which man and hazards interact , which is underlined by part of the quotation used at the beginning of hewitt 's ( 1983 ) volume :

In his alternative biogeography Gersmehl ( 1976 ) also focuses upon the circulation of mineral elements modelled as a system of compartments and transfer pathways .
in his [other option] biogeography gersmehl ( 1976 ) also focuses upon the circulation of mineral elements modelled as a system of compartments and transfer pathways .

Alternative plans to neutralise Afghanistan surfaced in the early 1980s in the West and the Third World among academics and diplomats .
[other option] plans to neutralise afghanistan surfaced in the early 1980s in the west and the third world among academics and diplomats .

However , in writing for school or amateur orchestras it is wiser to restrict oneself to hand-tuned drums , though there is nothing to prevent one writing a mechanical timpani part with an optional alternative part for hand-tuned instruments .
however , in writing for school or amateur orchestras it is wiser to restrict oneself to hand-tuned drums , though there is nothing to prevent one writing a mechanical timpani part with an optional [other option] part for hand-tuned instruments .

The latter alternative is possible here since it does not result in crossing the tune with the bass .
the latter [other option] is possible here since it does not result in crossing the tune with the bass .

An alternative explanation has , however , been advanced by Robinson ( 1955 ) , who has noted some objections to the foregoing hypothesis .
an [other option] explanation has , however , been advanced by robinson ( 1955 ) , who has noted some objections to the foregoing hypothesis .

While it is perhaps not completely safe to make conclusions about the evolution of natural features from the fate of man-made structures , the breaching of a former complete bar does , as its author suggests , provide an alternative to the hypothesis of a locally reversed drift .
while it is perhaps not completely safe to make conclusions about the evolution of natural features from the fate of man-made structures , the breaching of a former complete bar does , as its author suggests , provide an [other option] to the hypothesis of a locally reversed drift .

An alternative classification has been proposed by Valentin ( Cotton , 1954 ) .
an [other option] classification has been proposed by valentin ( cotton , 1954 ) .

Calcareous crusts , often termed calcrete and sometimes caliche , the latter being an ambiguous term in view of its alternative use mentioned above , are formed earlier in the evaporating sequence than gypcretes .
calcareous crusts , often termed calcrete and sometimes caliche , the latter being an ambiguous term in view of its [other option] use mentioned above , are formed earlier in the evaporating sequence than gypcretes .

Decentralisation is thus seen as an alternative to the bureaucratic practices that we investigated in the previous chapter .
decentralisation is thus seen as an [other option] to the bureaucratic practices that we investigated in the previous chapter .

Also the existence of alternative resources will limit the power of the individual or the group .
also the existence of [other option] resources will limit the power of the individual or the group .

Hence their power to influence the government will depend upon the extent to which alternative forms of energy are readily available .
hence their power to influence the government will depend upon the extent to which [other option] forms of energy are readily available .

At other times labour will be in a weak bargaining position if , as in times of high unemployment , the employer can easily acquire alternative sources of labour off the dole queues .
at other times labour will be in a weak bargaining position if , as in times of high unemployment , the employer can easily acquire [other option] sources of labour off the dole queues .

If , on the other hand , there are alternative sources of information and advice then the monopoly position of the official will be undermined .
if , on the other hand , there are [other option] sources of information and advice then the monopoly position of the official will be undermined .

For example the Review of Railway Finances chaired by Sir David Serpell was given the following terms of reference ‘ to examine the finances of the railway and associated operations , in the light of all relevant considerations , and to report on options for alternative policies , and their related objectives , designed to secure improved financial results in an efficiently run railway in Great Britain over the next 20 years ’ .
for example the review of railway finances chaired by sir david serpell was given the following terms of reference ‘ to examine the finances of the railway and associated operations , in the light of all relevant considerations , and to report on options for [other option] policies , and their related objectives , designed to secure improved financial results in an efficiently run railway in great britain over the next 20 years ’ .

Once the alternative courses of action have been identified they need to be evaluated , and particular attention is devoted to the implications of each option .
once the [other option] courses of action have been identified they need to be evaluated , and particular attention is devoted to the implications of each option .

Similarly , administrators may not have the open-mindedness , breadth of imagination , intellectual or organisational resources , or the time to generate the full range of alternative courses of action and assess their implications .
similarly , administrators may not have the open-mindedness , breadth of imagination , intellectual or organisational resources , or the time to generate the full range of [other option] courses of action and assess their implications .

Firstly , we will introduce an alternative model of decision making — incrementalism — and secondly , we will consider whether it is an approach that can be commended to policy makers .
firstly , we will introduce an [other option] model of decision making — incrementalism — and secondly , we will consider whether it is an approach that can be commended to policy makers .

Compromise may be a better alternative .
compromise may be a better [other option] .

Increasingly close scrutiny of discretionary expenditure and consideration given to alternative methods of achieving existing goals .
increasingly close scrutiny of discretionary expenditure and consideration given to [other option] methods of achieving existing goals .

supplementary and alternative sources of funding : a number of alternatives exist . These range from private insurance schemes , to shops in hospitals and charging for services ;
supplementary and [other option] sources of funding : a number of alternatives exist . these range from private insurance schemes , to shops in hospitals and charging for services ;

Is there any alternative ?
is there any [other option] ?

But if we wish to get away from such obvious , well-used material , we have to use the only alternative — a mixture of adjacent notes and wider intervals .
but if we wish to get away from such obvious , well-used material , we have to use the only [other option] — a mixture of adjacent notes and wider intervals .

If we decide that this traditional strophic form does not suit our needs , we have the more difficult alternative of a looser form , in which the words are given more importance , while the music , intensifying their meaning and emotion , may fall into a supporting role .
if we decide that this traditional strophic form does not suit our needs , we have the more difficult [other option] of a looser form , in which the words are given more importance , while the music , intensifying their meaning and emotion , may fall into a supporting role .

There is an alternative .
there is an [other option] .

In each case students registered for the module in the current or a future term must be counselled about and registered for viable alternative programmes .
in each case students registered for the module in the current or a future term must be counselled about and registered for viable [other option] programmes .

Instead scientists proceed iteratively , arriving at an alternative theory set on the basis of a restricted fact base , and then generating facts which are maximally likely to discriminate between theories .
instead scientists proceed iteratively , arriving at an [other option] theory set on the basis of a restricted fact base , and then generating facts which are maximally likely to discriminate between theories .

Star charts showing the untimetabled hours during the week for each student on a module ; used for arranging tutorials , alternative class meetings , etc .
star charts showing the untimetabled hours during the week for each student on a module ; used for arranging tutorials , [other option] class meetings , etc .

Each module leader determines which other colleagues if any , will be involved in teaching the module , determines the times of alternative sets ( within certain rules ) , and which departmental rooms ( laboratories , etc . )
each module leader determines which other colleagues if any , will be involved in teaching the module , determines the times of [other option] sets ( within certain rules ) , and which departmental rooms ( laboratories , etc . )

It is this speed of development of alternative means of land transport which helped to produce the ‘ new ’ economic history 's approach to railways in the 1960s .
it is this speed of development of [other option] means of land transport which helped to produce the ‘ new ’ economic history 's approach to railways in the 1960s .

An alternative approach is to attempt an objective definition of problems which have a legal component by reference to a list or catalogue of types of problem .
an [other option] approach is to attempt an objective definition of problems which have a legal component by reference to a list or catalogue of types of problem .

We have considered alternative definitions of a legal problem and indicated what we consider to be the best working definition to adopt , but this discussion will remain largely academic ( save in estimating the extent of unmet legal need ) unless there is some effective way of ensuring that those who have legal problems , however defined , secure legal assistance .
we have considered [other option] definitions of a legal problem and indicated what we consider to be the best working definition to adopt , but this discussion will remain largely academic ( save in estimating the extent of unmet legal need ) unless there is some effective way of ensuring that those who have legal problems , however defined , secure legal assistance .

An alternative scheme for the provision of advice was proposed and adopted after 10 years of pressure had failed to get the original scheme implemented .
an [other option] scheme for the provision of advice was proposed and adopted after 10 years of pressure had failed to get the original scheme implemented .

The Law Society was striking various poses in 1968 and 1969 , but from apparently implacable opposition to the original scheme of salaried solicitors contemplated in the 1949 Act ( to depart from the alternative system adopted in 1959 would be ‘ a serious mistake ’ ) and the proposals of Justice for All , it moved to acceptance of salaried solicitors as part of its own proposals for an Advisory Liaison Service .
the law society was striking various poses in 1968 and 1969 , but from apparently implacable opposition to the original scheme of salaried solicitors contemplated in the 1949 act ( to depart from the [other option] system adopted in 1959 would be ‘ a serious mistake ’ ) and the proposals of justice for all , it moved to acceptance of salaried solicitors as part of its own proposals for an advisory liaison service .

It was that speculation and accompanying doubts about the ability of the private practitioner to meet this need which led to the rapid growth of interest in alternative means of providing legal advice .
it was that speculation and accompanying doubts about the ability of the private practitioner to meet this need which led to the rapid growth of interest in [other option] means of providing legal advice .

The new Legal Aid Board would accordingly be given power to make alternative arrangements for the provision of particular categories of work .
the new legal aid board would accordingly be given power to make [other option] arrangements for the provision of particular categories of work .

The option of settling a dispute rather than resolving it by going to trial can be described as a form of alternative dispute resolution , meaning methods of resolving a variety of disputes in ways alternative to court hearings .
the option of settling a dispute rather than resolving it by going to trial can be described as a form of [other option] dispute resolution , meaning methods of resolving a variety of disputes in ways [other option] to court hearings .

The prime advantage of a form of alternative dispute resolution such as family mediation or conciliation is that the parties are in charge of resolving their dispute in an atmosphere conducive to avoiding domination by one party or another .
the prime advantage of a form of [other option] dispute resolution such as family mediation or conciliation is that the parties are in charge of resolving their dispute in an atmosphere conducive to avoiding domination by one party or another .

If the view is taken that ‘ civil disputes are a matter of private concern of the parties involved , and may even be regarded as their private property … and that the parties are themselves the best judges of how to pursue and serve their own interests in the conduct and control of their respective cases , free from the directions of or intervention by the court , ’ forms of alternative dispute resolution must be considered as worth pursuing for the control that is provided to the parties over their dispute .
if the view is taken that ‘ civil disputes are a matter of private concern of the parties involved , and may even be regarded as their private property … and that the parties are themselves the best judges of how to pursue and serve their own interests in the conduct and control of their respective cases , free from the directions of or intervention by the court , ’ forms of [other option] dispute resolution must be considered as worth pursuing for the control that is provided to the parties over their dispute .

Such idealism is not the only reason why methods of alternative dispute resolution are supported .
such idealism is not the only reason why methods of [other option] dispute resolution are supported .

Undoubtedly many further proposals will be made for the use of forms of alternative dispute resolution in which case it will be important to assess their strengths and weaknesses on the basis of proper and specific evidence , if possible , and not rely upon anecdotal evidence or assumed propositions , in particular in relation to cost .
undoubtedly many further proposals will be made for the use of forms of [other option] dispute resolution in which case it will be important to assess their strengths and weaknesses on the basis of proper and specific evidence , if possible , and not rely upon anecdotal evidence or assumed propositions , in particular in relation to cost .

An alternative explanation is that the solid core at the centre of the Earth 's liquid iron core is an essential source of energy for a powerful magnetic dipole moment ( section 2.1.7 ) .
an [other option] explanation is that the solid core at the centre of the earth 's liquid iron core is an essential source of energy for a powerful magnetic dipole moment ( section 2.1.7 ) .

But there is an alternative theory of lunar development which overcomes the difficulties outlined above , and which also overcomes several other difficulties , though it does have its own particular set of difficulties to face .
but there is an [other option] theory of lunar development which overcomes the difficulties outlined above , and which also overcomes several other difficulties , though it does have its own particular set of difficulties to face .

An alternative is that it consists of a few per cent silicates , all the rest being iron-rich compounds such as FeS and FeO , which have densities between those of metallic iron and silicates .
an [other option] is that it consists of a few per cent silicates , all the rest being iron-rich compounds such as fes and feo , which have densities between those of metallic iron and silicates .

Establishing a ‘ lead agency ’ as the single source of funding for the social care for elderly people is designed to act as a financial incentive for the social services department to develop alternative and less expensive community care options .
establishing a ‘ lead agency ’ as the single source of funding for the social care for elderly people is designed to act as a financial incentive for the social services department to develop [other option] and less expensive community care options .

These are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate assessment procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the Care Programme Approach for people with mental illness .
these are firstly the development of new forms of [other option] homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate assessment procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the care programme approach for people with mental illness .

The study reported here examines small staffed homes for these individuals which provides an example of creating alternative ‘ homely ’ environments to provide long-term care for very demanding individuals .
the study reported here examines small staffed homes for these individuals which provides an example of creating [other option] ‘ homely ’ environments to provide long-term care for very demanding individuals .

The results of this very detailed , long-term study do therefore make a significant contribution to the policy question of the relevance of different treatment approaches as hospitals are replaced by alternative services .
the results of this very detailed , long-term study do therefore make a significant contribution to the policy question of the relevance of different treatment approaches as hospitals are replaced by [other option] services .

The Circular also states that patients should not be discharged from hospital unless adequate alternative provision is available , which responds to fears that the large-scale closure of psychiatric hospitals could lead to unplanned discharges , leaving people with mental health problems unsupported in the community .
the circular also states that patients should not be discharged from hospital unless adequate [other option] provision is available , which responds to fears that the large-scale closure of psychiatric hospitals could lead to unplanned discharges , leaving people with mental health problems unsupported in the community .

Dependency — For staff , the approach could create reliance upon the system and lead to rigid interpretations of roles and tasks , thus inhibiting creativity in service delivery , and becoming ‘ an alternative to thinking ’ .
dependency — for staff , the approach could create reliance upon the system and lead to rigid interpretations of roles and tasks , thus inhibiting creativity in service delivery , and becoming ‘ an [other option] to thinking ’ .

Hugman outlines and rejects the possibility of a shift towards greater autonomous control by the workers of their occupation , a movement towards professionalization , and he considers the alternative of proletarianization .
hugman outlines and rejects the possibility of a shift towards greater autonomous control by the workers of their occupation , a movement towards professionalization , and he considers the [other option] of proletarianization .

In the postmodern alternative the producer can be ( and is ) often collective and the production impersonal .
in the postmodern [other option] the producer can be ( and is ) often collective and the production impersonal .

Lyotard then has initially defined ‘ discourse , and ‘ figure ’ as two alternative means for the discharge of psychic energy .
lyotard then has initially defined ‘ discourse , and ‘ figure ’ as two [other option] means for the discharge of psychic energy .

Lyotard has thus asserted the existence of two alternative economies of desire .
lyotard has thus asserted the existence of two [other option] economies of desire .

This mobile positioning of subjectivity is in itself political in that it leaves space for alternative forms of identity construction as well as the toleration of ‘ difference , in identity construction .
this mobile positioning of subjectivity is in itself political in that it leaves space for [other option] forms of identity construction as well as the toleration of ‘ difference , in identity construction .

69 , 87 ) calls for the production of films structured by an alternative economy of desire , for a ‘ microanalytics ’ of cinema with ‘ effects of resistance and counterinvestment ’ .
69 , 87 ) calls for the production of films structured by an [other option] economy of desire , for a ‘ microanalytics ’ of cinema with ‘ effects of resistance and counterinvestment ’ .

In 1899 the Secession held their first ( as an alternative to the Salon ) exhibition ; here no foreign painters were exhibited , but at the same time neither were the didactic and patriotic paintings typical of the Salon .
in 1899 the secession held their first ( as an [other option] to the salon ) exhibition ; here no foreign painters were exhibited , but at the same time neither were the didactic and patriotic paintings typical of the salon .

Again , is parliamentary material admissible in support of an argument for an alternative construction ?
again , is parliamentary material admissible in support of an argument for an [other option] construction ?

The emphasis is entirely escapist enjoyment rather than self-improvement : books as an alternative to the pressures of life ( work , family , politics , sex and shopping ) .
the emphasis is entirely escapist enjoyment rather than self-improvement : books as an [other option] to the pressures of life ( work , family , politics , sex and shopping ) .

The alternative for prosecutors is to accept a plea to a non-sexual offence such as assault occasioning actual bodily harm or unlawful wounding which carry maximum penalties of five years ' imprisonment .
the [other option] for prosecutors is to accept a plea to a non-sexual offence such as assault occasioning actual bodily harm or unlawful wounding which carry maximum penalties of five years ' imprisonment .

Thus , in Smith , it was held that the legislation does not in fact create a ladder of alternative offences but rather that each of the offences must be charged where the facts so warrant it .
thus , in smith , it was held that the legislation does not in fact create a ladder of [other option] offences but rather that each of the offences must be charged where the facts so warrant it .

There were alternative scenarios : the killer , an outsider , was still with his victim when Gerald tried to get in but , by the time the woman arrived , he had left .
there were [other option] scenarios : the killer , an outsider , was still with his victim when gerald tried to get in but , by the time the woman arrived , he had left .

Morse hesitated then decided there was no alternative to sitting down .
morse hesitated then decided there was no [other option] to sitting down .

If they decide that the Community Laundry Service is not appropriate for you , alternative help may be suggested . Is there any other help available
if they decide that the community laundry service is not appropriate for you , [other option] help may be suggested . is there any other help available

As passengers now had an alternative terminus in central Edinburgh the passenger service to St Leonards declined and was finally discontinued on 30 September 1860 .
as passengers now had an [other option] terminus in central edinburgh the passenger service to st leonards declined and was finally discontinued on 30 september 1860 .

The future of the water industry in Scotland is , however , uncertain at this time with the Government considering alternative options for providing these services .
the future of the water industry in scotland is , however , uncertain at this time with the government considering [other option] options for providing these services .

The alternative eastern alignment around the village therefore has been discarded .
the [other option] eastern alignment around the village therefore has been discarded .

The site is underlain by sedimentary strata of the Lower and Upper Carboniferous age comprising alternative sequences of sandstone , siltstone , and claystones with occasional bands of limestone , coal and oil shale .
the site is underlain by sedimentary strata of the lower and upper carboniferous age comprising [other option] sequences of sandstone , siltstone , and claystones with occasional bands of limestone , coal and oil shale .

But if changes had to be made , the only cost effective alternative was an all-purpose authority for Edinburgh and the Lothians .
but if changes had to be made , the only cost effective [other option] was an all-purpose authority for edinburgh and the lothians .

It argued that the existing two tier local government in Lothian was the best for delivering local services but if changes had to be made , the only effective alternative would be an all-purpose local authority for Edinburgh and the Lothians .
it argued that the existing two tier local government in lothian was the best for delivering local services but if changes had to be made , the only effective [other option] would be an all-purpose local authority for edinburgh and the lothians .

Are we seeing an emerging alternative to the Rolling Straight Edge Test ?
are we seeing an emerging [other option] to the rolling straight edge test ?

Management must continuously examine alternative arrangements for getting money to the client 's home .
management must continuously examine [other option] arrangements for getting money to the client 's home .

4.13 Management should continuously review the procedures for the delivery and/or collection of money to see if it is absolutely necessary and whether there are alternative methods available .
4.13 management should continuously review the procedures for the delivery and/or collection of money to see if it is absolutely necessary and whether there are [other option] methods available .

4.16 If you are handling cash , however small the amount , and you are not sure if there is an need for you to do so or you can think of an alternative method which will dispense with the need for you to carry cash in the course of your work , you should let your line supervisor know .
4.16 if you are handling cash , however small the amount , and you are not sure if there is an need for you to do so or you can think of an [other option] method which will dispense with the need for you to carry cash in the course of your work , you should let your line supervisor know .

The possibility of redeploying the employee to another post within the Department will be fully discussed at this meeting with due consideration being given to the employee 's preferences in terms of alternative work .
the possibility of redeploying the employee to another post within the department will be fully discussed at this meeting with due consideration being given to the employee 's preferences in terms of [other option] work .

10.8 If an employee who has been declared permanently unfit refuses reasonable offers of suitable alternative employment , they will be dismissed on grounds of permanent disablement .
10.8 if an employee who has been declared permanently unfit refuses reasonable offers of suitable [other option] employment , they will be dismissed on grounds of permanent disablement .

That the financial parameters adopted can be related to or inform the levels of payments for services that will support alternative arrangements for some individuals assessed as requiring residential care services .
that the financial parameters adopted can be related to or inform the levels of payments for services that will support [other option] arrangements for some individuals assessed as requiring residential care services .

If life at home becomes impossible , well-run alternative accommodation where individual privacy and dignity are respected is preferred .
if life at home becomes impossible , well-run [other option] accommodation where individual privacy and dignity are respected is preferred .

Chess Club An alternative meeting night is requested as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .
chess club an [other option] meeting night is requested as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .

Under Article 134 of the Articles of Association of the Company , the directors may , if authorised by an ordinary resolution of the Company , offer holders of ordinary shares the right to elect to receive ordinary shares credited as fully paid instead of cash in respect of any dividend specified by the ordinary resolution [ ‘ scrip alternative ’ ] .
under article 134 of the articles of association of the company , the directors may , if authorised by an ordinary resolution of the company , offer holders of ordinary shares the right to elect to receive ordinary shares credited as fully paid instead of cash in respect of any dividend specified by the ordinary resolution [ ‘ scrip [other option] ’ ] .

The origin of the term biotechnology arose from the gradual emergence of the microbiological industries as a genre offering an alternative to applying conventional chemistry .
the origin of the term biotechnology arose from the gradual emergence of the microbiological industries as a genre offering an [other option] to applying conventional chemistry .

How could an alternative response to the Agri-Environment Regulation help integrate and simplify existing and proposed schemes ?
how could an [other option] response to the agri-environment regulation help integrate and simplify existing and proposed schemes ?

How could more money be found to support the proposed and alternative schemes under the Regulation ?
how could more money be found to support the proposed and [other option] schemes under the regulation ?

He saw it as a struggle between the desires of the bourgeoisie , for whom sports were ‘ mere entertainment ’ and for whom play was merely a recuperative process following the real work of labour , and , the desires of the common people for whom games were ‘ an alternative life-activity in their own right ’ .
he saw it as a struggle between the desires of the bourgeoisie , for whom sports were ‘ mere entertainment ’ and for whom play was merely a recuperative process following the real work of labour , and , the desires of the common people for whom games were ‘ an [other option] life-activity in their own right ’ .

We do not agree that information on ‘ alternative engineering options / solutions in the light of environmental factors ’ should be exempted from publication .
we do not agree that information on ‘ [other option] engineering options / solutions in the light of environmental factors ’ should be exempted from publication .

The 1991 Amman Valley Regeneration Strategy cites opencast mining as creating ‘ substantial difficulties ’ for both valleys ‘ in terms of the quality of the local environment and its blighting effect upon alternative local economic prospects ’ .
the 1991 amman valley regeneration strategy cites opencast mining as creating ‘ substantial difficulties ’ for both valleys ‘ in terms of the quality of the local environment and its blighting effect upon [other option] local economic prospects ’ .

We suggest an alternative wording for the second of the proposals : ‘ - to recycle valuable coastal land which has become redundant , e.g. the regeneration of rundown coastal towns and ports ; and … ’
we suggest an [other option] wording for the second of the proposals : ‘ - to recycle valuable coastal land which has become redundant , e.g. the regeneration of rundown coastal towns and ports ; and … ’

The select committee 's remit was to ‘ consider the consequences of British Coal 's pit closure programme for the electricity consumer , the exchequer and the economy , and to examine alternative forms of energy in terms of prices .
the select committee 's remit was to ‘ consider the consequences of british coal 's pit closure programme for the electricity consumer , the exchequer and the economy , and to examine [other option] forms of energy in terms of prices .

Sadly no alternative venue is available .
sadly no [other option] venue is available .

Commission officials , however , have argued that if given no alternative , fishermen will carry on fishing until there are no fish stocks left .
commission officials , however , have argued that if given no [other option] , fishermen will carry on fishing until there are no fish stocks left .

Examples include an alternative energy scheme which will be used to run agricultural machinery in the Gambia , and the use of the latest turbine technology in the building of a wind power plant in Zimbabwe .
examples include an [other option] energy scheme which will be used to run agricultural machinery in the gambia , and the use of the latest turbine technology in the building of a wind power plant in zimbabwe .

It will , however , invest over £350 million over the next five years in developing alternative energies and improving domestic electrical efficiency .
it will , however , invest over £350 million over the next five years in developing [other option] energies and improving domestic electrical efficiency .

The nuclear plants will not be phased out until the alternative energy sources are ready to come on-stream , however .
the nuclear plants will not be phased out until the [other option] energy sources are ready to come on-stream , however .

Among the alternative energies to be developed are wind power generators and steam-turbine plants fired by wood chips , the waste product of the country 's vast timber industry .
among the [other option] energies to be developed are wind power generators and steam-turbine plants fired by wood chips , the waste product of the country 's vast timber industry .

Elements of the new approach include looking at the cost of environmental degradation of an area in terms of : its effect on house prices ; the cost of alternative methods of transport ; the value local people place on maintaining environmental features intact ; and an assessment of the cost of replacement , for example moving a colony of badgers .
elements of the new approach include looking at the cost of environmental degradation of an area in terms of : its effect on house prices ; the cost of [other option] methods of transport ; the value local people place on maintaining environmental features intact ; and an assessment of the cost of replacement , for example moving a colony of badgers .

Increasingly the free standing sixth form has found difficulty in responding adequately to these changes and consequently a variety of alternative forms of provision has been developed .
increasingly the free standing sixth form has found difficulty in responding adequately to these changes and consequently a variety of [other option] forms of provision has been developed .

For such Catholic sixth forms or sixth form colleges , therefore , the challenge is not simply to be as good as the alternative but to exceed it in reputation and appeal .
for such catholic sixth forms or sixth form colleges , therefore , the challenge is not simply to be as good as the [other option] but to exceed it in reputation and appeal .

In answer to the first question there is some evidence that initially there is a degree of opposition — staff see themselves losing the opportunity of sixth form teaching , parents , who often went to 11–18 schools themselves , regard them as a second best alternative .
in answer to the first question there is some evidence that initially there is a degree of opposition — staff see themselves losing the opportunity of sixth form teaching , parents , who often went to 11–18 schools themselves , regard them as a second best [other option] .

However , both of these alternative approaches to investigation have been rejected : the former as too specific and limiting , the latter as insensitive to innovation , intention , creativity and too suggestive of social teleology .
however , both of these [other option] approaches to investigation have been rejected : the former as too specific and limiting , the latter as insensitive to innovation , intention , creativity and too suggestive of social teleology .

An alternative could be the reactivation of a disused railway line along the Aspe Valley from Pau into Canfranc , in Navarre .
an [other option] could be the reactivation of a disused railway line along the aspe valley from pau into canfranc , in navarre .

The management of the Suffolk Water Company have admitted that the borehole is damaging the fen , and are exploring the possibility of opening an alternative .
the management of the suffolk water company have admitted that the borehole is damaging the fen , and are exploring the possibility of opening an [other option] .

These would apply both to nuclear power and alternative energies ( principally wind ) .
these would apply both to nuclear power and [other option] energies ( principally wind ) .

So the multiplicity of alternative definitions may well seem greater than it really is .
so the multiplicity of [other option] definitions may well seem greater than it really is .

The Australian language Dyirbal has an entirely separate alternative vocabulary to be used in the presence of `` taboo `` kinsmen , whether or not they are participants ( Dixon , 1972 : 32ff ) .
the australian language dyirbal has an entirely separate [other option] vocabulary to be used in the presence of `` taboo `` kinsmen , whether or not they are participants ( dixon , 1972 : 32ff ) .

Examples include the Dyirbal alternative vocabulary , referred to above , used in the presence of taboo relatives ( see also Haviland , 1979 re Guugu Yimidhirr ) , and certain features of Pacific languages , like aspects of the `` royal honorifics `` in Ponapean ( Garvin & Reisenberg , 1952 : 203 ) .
examples include the dyirbal [other option] vocabulary , referred to above , used in the presence of taboo relatives ( see also haviland , 1979 re guugu yimidhirr ) , and certain features of pacific languages , like aspects of the `` royal honorifics `` in ponapean ( garvin & reisenberg , 1952 : 203 ) .

Among its specific instructions are a ban on the purchase of furniture made of tropical hardwoods and of refrigerators and other equipment using ozone-depleting chemicals , a call for the recycling of all paper used , and a ban on the purchase of skins and other products from endangered species when a suitable alternative is available .
among its specific instructions are a ban on the purchase of furniture made of tropical hardwoods and of refrigerators and other equipment using ozone-depleting chemicals , a call for the recycling of all paper used , and a ban on the purchase of skins and other products from endangered species when a suitable [other option] is available .

The manufacturers are currently working on an alternative version which uses sodium acid batteries .
the manufacturers are currently working on an [other option] version which uses sodium acid batteries .

The Californian authorities have announced the first form of public transport to be powered by alternative energy sources .
the californian authorities have announced the first form of public transport to be powered by [other option] energy sources .

But there are lots of categories of cooks who would greatly appreciate a collection of cheap , quick , simple , healthy and trendy meals ; The Parents of Students Cook Book springs to mind as one of many alternative titles .
but there are lots of categories of cooks who would greatly appreciate a collection of cheap , quick , simple , healthy and trendy meals ; the parents of students cook book springs to mind as one of many [other option] titles .

At that time , to get into Somerville , one had to do an examination in four subjects — the alternative being
at that time , to get into somerville , one had to do an examination in four subjects — the [other option] being

Earlier plans drawn up by the Department of Energy contained references to fuel taxes , automobile restrictions , alternative energy initiatives and incentives for green investment .
earlier plans drawn up by the department of energy contained references to fuel taxes , automobile restrictions , [other option] energy initiatives and incentives for green investment .

Green Party 's " alternative " budget
green party 's " [other option] " budget

The Green Party has issued its proposals for an " alternative budget " .
the green party has issued its proposals for an " [other option] budget " .

First commercial plant for alternative to CFCs
first commercial plant for [other option] to cfcs

An alternative proposal that commercial whaling be allowed to resume immediately on all stocks which had recovered to 30 per cent of pre-hunting levels was rejected by 19 votes to seven .
an [other option] proposal that commercial whaling be allowed to resume immediately on all stocks which had recovered to 30 per cent of pre-hunting levels was rejected by 19 votes to seven .

The Austrian government had offered to make alternative energy supplies available to compensate for the loss of the plant 's capacity .
the austrian government had offered to make [other option] energy supplies available to compensate for the loss of the plant 's capacity .

Report urges alternative conservation payments to farmers
report urges [other option] conservation payments to farmers

The Christmas trees could provide a `` cheap and cheerful `` alternative to a concrete wall surrounding England 's windswept and treeless east coast .
the christmas trees could provide a `` cheap and cheerful `` [other option] to a concrete wall surrounding england 's windswept and treeless east coast .

The working party will investigate the alternative practices of culling and management on the lands in Exmoor and the Quantock Hills in the West Country .
the working party will investigate the [other option] practices of culling and management on the lands in exmoor and the quantock hills in the west country .

First alternative Swiss bank
first [other option] swiss bank

In an alternative universe , this cline would form the basis of an entire article itself .
in an [other option] universe , this cline would form the basis of an entire article itself .

Why go to all the effort of perceiving other hidden meanings , finding new interpretations , applying alternative readings ?
why go to all the effort of perceiving other hidden meanings , finding new interpretations , applying [other option] readings ?

Even realist literature , by its status as `` alternative `` to the reader 's own experience , allows for plural interpretation to some extent .
even realist literature , by its status as `` [other option] `` to the reader 's own experience , allows for plural interpretation to some extent .

To say that [ 18a ] and [ 18b ] are simply alternative ways of communicating the same message might be taken to suggest that the decision whether to make the assumption about house-warming parties explicit conveys nothing at all .
to say that [ 18a ] and [ 18b ] are simply [other option] ways of communicating the same message might be taken to suggest that the decision whether to make the assumption about house-warming parties explicit conveys nothing at all .

An alternative offeror which the target company is prepared to recommend to its shareholders in preference to a hostile bidder .
an [other option] offeror which the target company is prepared to recommend to its shareholders in preference to a hostile bidder .

Cash alternative
cash [other option]

If the offeror is offering the target company 's shareholders a choice of consideration and one is cash , the cash offer is known as a " cash alternative " .
if the offeror is offering the target company 's shareholders a choice of consideration and one is cash , the cash offer is known as a " cash [other option] " .

Cash underwritten alternative
cash underwritten [other option]

Also known as `` cash underpinning `` and `` third party cash alternative `` .
also known as `` cash underpinning `` and `` third party cash [other option] `` .

The offeror may provide a `` top-up `` from its own cash resources to supplement the cash underwritten alternative .
the offeror may provide a `` top-up `` from its own cash resources to supplement the cash underwritten [other option] .

Loan note alternative
loan note [other option]

Share alternative
share [other option]

This occurs where an offeror provides cash out of its own resources to supplement a cash underwritten alternative .
this occurs where an offeror provides cash out of its own resources to supplement a cash underwritten [other option] .

An alternative offeror , solicited by a target company and recommended by the target 's board to its shareholders in preference to a hostile bidder .
an [other option] offeror , solicited by a target company and recommended by the target 's board to its shareholders in preference to a hostile bidder .

( 1 ) Underwriting arrangements on arm 's length commercial terms between the offeror and underwriters and sub-underwriters ( eg in respect of a cash underwritten alternative ) are not normally considered by the Panel to amount to an agreement or understanding within the meaning of `` acting in concert `` .
( 1 ) underwriting arrangements on arm 's length commercial terms between the offeror and underwriters and sub-underwriters ( eg in respect of a cash underwritten [other option] ) are not normally considered by the panel to amount to an agreement or understanding within the meaning of `` acting in concert `` .

The alternative scheme likely to be used will involve the transfer of the existing shares in the target to the bidder ( or at least those not already owned by the bidder ) by a person nominated by the court to execute transfers on their behalf in return for the delivery to them by the bidder of the agreed consideration .
the [other option] scheme likely to be used will involve the transfer of the existing shares in the target to the bidder ( or at least those not already owned by the bidder ) by a person nominated by the court to execute transfers on their behalf in return for the delivery to them by the bidder of the agreed consideration .

( e ) the consideration for the offer ( cash , shares , loan notes etc ) and , in particular , if a cash offer is required , how this will be financed ( company 's own resources , bank loans , rights issue , cash underwritten alternative , financial assistance from the target etc ) . The extent to which resources are , or should be , made available to improve the offer if necessary should also be considered ;
( e ) the consideration for the offer ( cash , shares , loan notes etc ) and , in particular , if a cash offer is required , how this will be financed ( company 's own resources , bank loans , rights issue , cash underwritten [other option] , financial assistance from the target etc ) . the extent to which resources are , or should be , made available to improve the offer if necessary should also be considered ;

Financing the bid by means of a rights issue or cash underwritten alternative has the advantage of increasing the equity base of the offeror and improving gearing .
financing the bid by means of a rights issue or cash underwritten [other option] has the advantage of increasing the equity base of the offeror and improving gearing .

Where there are significant family interests in the target , a cash offer ( or a cash alternative ) may be preferred to enable the family members to utilise retirement relief , which may not be available if roll-over relief on a share for share exchange applies ( see para 23.2.1.5 below ) .
where there are significant family interests in the target , a cash offer ( or a cash [other option] ) may be preferred to enable the family members to utilise retirement relief , which may not be available if roll-over relief on a share for share exchange applies ( see para 23.2.1.5 below ) .

To some extent this may be ameliorated by offering a cash alternative to shareholders , but the offeror must be prepared to defend its own financial condition and may even be compelled to issue a profit or dividend forecast in order to buttress its position .
to some extent this may be ameliorated by offering a cash [other option] to shareholders , but the offeror must be prepared to defend its own financial condition and may even be compelled to issue a profit or dividend forecast in order to buttress its position .

The advantage to the offeror over a share offer with a cash alternative is that it knows in advance that it will only have to make available fixed pools of each type of consideration .
the advantage to the offeror over a share offer with a cash [other option] is that it knows in advance that it will only have to make available fixed pools of each type of consideration .

There are two ways in which a bidder generally uses its paper in order to finance a takeover ; an underwritten rights issue ( see para 5.6 above ) or a cash underwritten alternative .
there are two ways in which a bidder generally uses its paper in order to finance a takeover ; an underwritten rights issue ( see para 5.6 above ) or a cash underwritten [other option] .

( 2 ) The principal advantage of a cash underwritten alternative over a rights issue is that the new shares in the bidder are allotted to the target 's shareholders , in which case merger relief and , possibly , merger accounting may be available ( see para 23.1 below ) .
( 2 ) the principal advantage of a cash underwritten [other option] over a rights issue is that the new shares in the bidder are allotted to the target 's shareholders , in which case merger relief and , possibly , merger accounting may be available ( see para 23.1 below ) .

This is not possible with a cash underwritten alternative unless it is accompanied by an open offer and clawback ( see para 5.6 above ) .
this is not possible with a cash underwritten [other option] unless it is accompanied by an open offer and clawback ( see para 5.6 above ) .

It should be noted that a cash underwritten alternative may result in lower underwriting costs than a rights issue ( see para 5.6 above ) .
it should be noted that a cash underwritten [other option] may result in lower underwriting costs than a rights issue ( see para 5.6 above ) .

( 5 ) In order to keep his underwriting costs to a minimum , the bidder will normally wish to shut-off the cash underwritten alternative as soon as practicable .
( 5 ) in order to keep his underwriting costs to a minimum , the bidder will normally wish to shut-off the cash underwritten [other option] as soon as practicable .

Where a cash underwritten alternative has been offered , but closed early to save underwriting costs , the offeror will , in order to take advantage of the compulsory sale procedure , need to find the cash itself in order to pay minority shareholders ( see paras 13.4.3 and 13.3.5 below ) .
where a cash underwritten [other option] has been offered , but closed early to save underwriting costs , the offeror will , in order to take advantage of the compulsory sale procedure , need to find the cash itself in order to pay minority shareholders ( see paras 13.4.3 and 13.3.5 below ) .

( 6 ) The procedure for acceptance of a cash underwritten alternative which is capable of being shut-off early must be prominently stated in relevant documents and acceptance forms .
( 6 ) the procedure for acceptance of a cash underwritten [other option] which is capable of being shut-off early must be prominently stated in relevant documents and acceptance forms .

In particular , the Panel is concerned that it should be made clear in the offer document , acceptance form and subsequent documents whether shareholders must lodge their certificates by the closing date of the cash underwritten alternative in addition to their completed acceptance forms in order to receive cash ( see para 11.3.16 below ) .
in particular , the panel is concerned that it should be made clear in the offer document , acceptance form and subsequent documents whether shareholders must lodge their certificates by the closing date of the cash underwritten [other option] in addition to their completed acceptance forms in order to receive cash ( see para 11.3.16 below ) .

( 7 ) There is no reason why a cash underwritten alternative can not be extended alongside the main offer if the bidder chooses .
( 7 ) there is no reason why a cash underwritten [other option] can not be extended alongside the main offer if the bidder chooses .

The more normal condition is that it will only be available to those shareholders of the target who have accepted both the share offer and the cash alternative not later than the first closing date .
the more normal condition is that it will only be available to those shareholders of the target who have accepted both the share offer and the cash [other option] not later than the first closing date .

( 8 ) The offer of the cash underwritten alternative is usually made conditional only upon the main share offer becoming or being declared wholly unconditional in accordance with its terms .
( 8 ) the offer of the cash underwritten [other option] is usually made conditional only upon the main share offer becoming or being declared wholly unconditional in accordance with its terms .

( 10 ) Acceptance of the cash underwritten alternative and the consequent disposal of the consideration shares might give rise to a liability to capital gains tax depending on the individual circumstances of the accepting shareholder .
( 10 ) acceptance of the cash underwritten [other option] and the consequent disposal of the consideration shares might give rise to a liability to capital gains tax depending on the individual circumstances of the accepting shareholder .

( a ) the merchant bank covenants to pay cash to accepting shareholders who have validly accepted the share offer but who then also validly accept the cash alternative ;
( a ) the merchant bank covenants to pay cash to accepting shareholders who have validly accepted the share offer but who then also validly accept the cash [other option] ;

Rule 2.3 stipulates that where the offer is to be recommended , an alternative ( if the target is listed ) to an announcement is to obtain a temporary suspension from listing followed by an announcement .
rule 2.3 stipulates that where the offer is to be recommended , an [other option] ( if the target is listed ) to an announcement is to obtain a temporary suspension from listing followed by an announcement .

In the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .
in the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash [other option] by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the london stock exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .

2.3 If the Landlord is unable to obtain at a reasonable cost any of the materials referred to in the Building Documents the Landlord may [ ( subject to notifying promptly the Surveyors of its intention to do so ) ] in carrying out the Works substitute for them alternative materials as nearly as may be of the same quality
2.3 if the landlord is unable to obtain at a reasonable cost any of the materials referred to in the building documents the landlord may [ ( subject to notifying promptly the surveyors of its intention to do so ) ] in carrying out the works substitute for them [other option] materials as nearly as may be of the same quality

Also consider as an alternative requesting building defects insurance ( premiums to be paid for by the landlord ) such as ten year latent defects insurance — but if not available , or in addition to such deeds etc , the tenant should consider including the clause suggested at clause 2.14 .
also consider as an [other option] requesting building defects insurance ( premiums to be paid for by the landlord ) such as ten year latent defects insurance — but if not available , or in addition to such deeds etc , the tenant should consider including the clause suggested at clause 2.14 .

means any suitably qualified person or firm but the tenant should consider the following alternative suggested in the notes to the precedent :
means any suitably qualified person or firm but the tenant should consider the following [other option] suggested in the notes to the precedent :

5.22 Defective premises To give notice to the Landlord of any defect in the Premises which might give rise to an obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this Lease or the duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the Defective Premises Act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the Premises The difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : To give notice to the Landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 New guarantor Within [ 14 ] days of the death during the Term of any Guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the Mental Health Act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the Landlord and if so required by the Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the Tenant 's obligations contained in this Lease in the form of the Guarantor 's covenants contained in this Lease Although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .
5.22 defective premises to give notice to the landlord of any defect in the premises which might give rise to an obligation on the landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this lease or the duty of care imposed on the landlord pursuant to the defective premises act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the premises the difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : to give notice to the landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 new guarantor within [ 14 ] days of the death during the term of any guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the mental health act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the landlord and if so required by the landlord at the expense of the tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the tenant 's obligations contained in this lease in the form of the guarantor 's covenants contained in this lease although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an [other option] guarantor .

The only alternative is for the tenant to insure the missing risks itself , but this may not be cost effective , particularly if the landlord is a large property company and therefore more able to obtain cheaper cover .
the only [other option] is for the tenant to insure the missing risks itself , but this may not be cost effective , particularly if the landlord is a large property company and therefore more able to obtain cheaper cover .

In general , businesses prefer to avoid the courts , litigation ( and even lawyers ) so far as possible , and the terms may therefore make provision for settlement of disputes by arbitration , or by one of the other systems of alternative dispute resolution , such as conciliation , which are now available .
in general , businesses prefer to avoid the courts , litigation ( and even lawyers ) so far as possible , and the terms may therefore make provision for settlement of disputes by arbitration , or by one of the other systems of [other option] dispute resolution , such as conciliation , which are now available .

For instance , clauses restricting liability for late delivery , allowing for variation of the delivery date or tolerances in relation to the quantity to be delivered , clauses enabling the proferens to substitute alternative goods for those ordered , to withhold performance of its obligations or vary the terms of the contract , and force majeure clauses excusing non-performance , or extending the time for performance in the event of circumstances outside the proferens ' control , and possibly even clauses giving one party the right to withhold performance , or terminate the contract , in the event of breach by the other party , are all potentially subject to s3 .
for instance , clauses restricting liability for late delivery , allowing for variation of the delivery date or tolerances in relation to the quantity to be delivered , clauses enabling the proferens to substitute [other option] goods for those ordered , to withhold performance of its obligations or vary the terms of the contract , and force majeure clauses excusing non-performance , or extending the time for performance in the event of circumstances outside the proferens ' control , and possibly even clauses giving one party the right to withhold performance , or terminate the contract , in the event of breach by the other party , are all potentially subject to s3 .

The only other alternative would be for the court to disregard one of the clauses and hold that one party had , by conduct , accepted the other party 's terms and waived its own , including the provision providing that it should not be taken as accepting any other terms .
the only other [other option] would be for the court to disregard one of the clauses and hold that one party had , by conduct , accepted the other party 's terms and waived its own , including the provision providing that it should not be taken as accepting any other terms .

The factors which the court is to take into account under Sched 2 are : ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) alternative means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence and extent of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practicable ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer .
the factors which the court is to take into account under sched 2 are : ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) [other option] means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence and extent of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practicable ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer .

As an alternative to restrictive covenants ( eg the buyer may build only one single-storey dwelling on the land hereby agreed to be sold ) , there may be positive covenants that the buyer is to be required to observe ( eg the buyer must erect a larchlap fence on the length of the left-hand boundary of the property ) .
as an [other option] to restrictive covenants ( eg the buyer may build only one single-storey dwelling on the land hereby agreed to be sold ) , there may be positive covenants that the buyer is to be required to observe ( eg the buyer must erect a larchlap fence on the length of the left-hand boundary of the property ) .

12 . The alternative methods of exchanging contracts
12 . the [other option] methods of exchanging contracts

If , however , the lessor 's title is itself only registered as good leasehold ( if , for example , the lessor is granting an underlease out of an older leasehold title ) you may not be able to obtain a better title than good leasehold for the underlease ; a position that a mortgagee will normally accept if there 's no alternative .
if , however , the lessor 's title is itself only registered as good leasehold ( if , for example , the lessor is granting an underlease out of an older leasehold title ) you may not be able to obtain a better title than good leasehold for the underlease ; a position that a mortgagee will normally accept if there 's no [other option] .

Here is Dr Johnson 's 1784 rendering of the first strophe of `` Diffugere nives `` ( incidentally his only translation from Horace — he evidently found Juvenal more to his creative purpose ) : And here , 110 years later , is William Ewart Gladstone , at leisure from Prime Ministerial cares and the alternative recreation of tree-felling on his Hawarden estate : But here again , almost a century on , is an American poet and scholar , Burton Raffel : What has happened to Horace 's text in the course of these centennial transformations ?
here is dr johnson 's 1784 rendering of the first strophe of `` diffugere nives `` ( incidentally his only translation from horace — he evidently found juvenal more to his creative purpose ) : and here , 110 years later , is william ewart gladstone , at leisure from prime ministerial cares and the [other option] recreation of tree-felling on his hawarden estate : but here again , almost a century on , is an american poet and scholar , burton raffel : what has happened to horace 's text in the course of these centennial transformations ?

The principal weakness of the rescission remedy and the statutory alternative of damages in lieu of rescission , is that they do not provide for consequential loss , for example , profits on resale .
the principal weakness of the rescission remedy and the statutory [other option] of damages in lieu of rescission , is that they do not provide for consequential loss , for example , profits on resale .

Only genuine alternative courses of action available will be relevant to the reasonableness question .
only genuine [other option] courses of action available will be relevant to the reasonableness question .

This is illustrated in Woodman v Photo Trade Processing Ltd ( 1981 ) where insurance was said not to be a suitable alternative to cover the loss of a precious film .
this is illustrated in woodman v photo trade processing ltd ( 1981 ) where insurance was said not to be a suitable [other option] to cover the loss of a precious film .

( b ) Alternative accommodation for alleged abusers Where a child is suffering or likely to suffer ill-treatment within the home and the alleged abuser proposes to move from the premises , a local authority may assist him to obtain alternative accommodation ( Sched 2 , para 5 ) .
( b ) [other option] accommodation for alleged abusers where a child is suffering or likely to suffer ill-treatment within the home and the alleged abuser proposes to move from the premises , a local authority may assist him to obtain [other option] accommodation ( sched 2 , para 5 ) .

Assistance may take the form of an offer of alternative accommodation or a cash payment .
assistance may take the form of an offer of [other option] accommodation or a cash payment .

As a matter of good practice , local authorities should consider using this power as an alternative to removing the child under an emergency protection order ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 4.31 ) .
as a matter of good practice , local authorities should consider using this power as an [other option] to removing the child under an emergency protection order ( guidance , vol 1 , para 4.31 ) .

Where ordinary communication is not possible it may be necessary to use interpreters or employ alternative techniques such as sign language , braille etc .
where ordinary communication is not possible it may be necessary to use interpreters or employ [other option] techniques such as sign language , braille etc .

An `` interim `` residence order may be a satisfactory alternative to care where a relative or friend is able to offer the child a home for the duration of the proceedings .
an `` interim `` residence order may be a satisfactory [other option] to care where a relative or friend is able to offer the child a home for the duration of the proceedings .

For these reasons the Guidance describes the interim residence order as " an attractive alternative to the interim care order " and urges local authorities to " weigh carefully the pros and cons of such an arrangement " ( para 3.42 ) .
for these reasons the guidance describes the interim residence order as " an attractive [other option] to the interim care order " and urges local authorities to " weigh carefully the pros and cons of such an arrangement " ( para 3.42 ) .

( d ) Section 8 orders The court can make an order under s8 of the Act as an alternative to a care order or a supervision order .
( d ) section 8 orders the court can make an order under s8 of the act as an [other option] to a care order or a supervision order .

The other side of the coin is that the same observations can be deduced from alternative theories .
the other side of the coin is that the same observations can be deduced from [other option] theories .

The literary context in our culture creates a situation where relevance may be achieved in alternative ways , so as to constitute this `` openness ' for criticism .
the literary context in our culture creates a situation where relevance may be achieved in [other option] ways , so as to constitute this `` openness ' for criticism .

Instead , what linguistics owes us is an account of how textual `` openness ' is possible within the social and psychological context of literature , and hence how alternative readings can be explicitly accounted for .
instead , what linguistics owes us is an account of how textual `` openness ' is possible within the social and psychological context of literature , and hence how [other option] readings can be explicitly accounted for .

The linguistic theories also create striking alternative contexts for understanding , and explaining other understandings — how they might have been arrived at .
the linguistic theories also create striking [other option] contexts for understanding , and explaining other understandings — how they might have been arrived at .

The main alternative to the multilateral contract described above , is the statutory system found on some European exchanges .
the main [other option] to the multilateral contract described above , is the statutory system found on some european exchanges .

Other alternative and often prior sources of funding must be considered .
other [other option] and often prior sources of funding must be considered .

If they are the only witness to deal with a vital issue then you will have no alternative but to call them .
if they are the only witness to deal with a vital issue then you will have no [other option] but to call them .

For the present , however , there is no alternative for the media in many cases other than to exhaust their limited remedies in local courts , and then file a complaint with the European Commission of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
for the present , however , there is no [other option] for the media in many cases other than to exhaust their limited remedies in local courts , and then file a complaint with the european commission of human rights in strasbourg .

An alternative to the gathering of ewes for these treatments is to provide anthelmintic incorporated in a feed or energy block during the periparturient period .
an [other option] to the gathering of ewes for these treatments is to provide anthelmintic incorporated in a feed or energy block during the periparturient period .

Notice that the parameter count is 10 and it is consequently specified in the " alternative " way .
notice that the parameter count is 10 and it is consequently specified in the " [other option] " way .

It supposes that this practice will serve the community better-bring it closer to what really is a fair and just and happy society — than any alternative program that demands consistency with decisions already made by other judges or by the legislature .
it supposes that this practice will serve the community better-bring it closer to what really is a fair and just and happy society — than any [other option] program that demands consistency with decisions already made by other judges or by the legislature .

The community can unite over that proposition while disagreeing about which alternative would be more and which less just .
the community can unite over that proposition while disagreeing about which [other option] would be more and which less just .

Rejecting a checkerboard solution seems perverse in the same way when the alternative will be the general triumph of the principle we oppose .
rejecting a checkerboard solution seems perverse in the same way when the [other option] will be the general triumph of the principle we oppose .

The internal compromise would have rescued some , chosen arbitrarily , from an injustice that others will be left to suffer , but the alternative would have been to rescue none .
the internal compromise would have rescued some , chosen arbitrarily , from an injustice that others will be left to suffer , but the [other option] would have been to rescue none .

We would prefer either of the alternative solutions to the checkerboard compromise .
we would prefer either of the [other option] solutions to the checkerboard compromise .

While the Communists were engaged in manoeuvres on the fringe of labour politics , the Independent Labour Party was about to abandon its position within the Labour Party and to give up its effective role as an alternative Left party .
while the communists were engaged in manoeuvres on the fringe of labour politics , the independent labour party was about to abandon its position within the labour party and to give up its effective role as an [other option] left party .

Despite strong condemnation of the National Government by the Left , there is little evidence that the voters regarded the Labour Party as a suitable alternative .
despite strong condemnation of the national government by the left , there is little evidence that the voters regarded the labour party as a suitable [other option] .

The failure of the Opposition to provide a constructive alternative in no way exonerates the National Government .
the failure of the opposition to provide a constructive [other option] in no way exonerates the national government .

The League had little alternative but to disband and thus allow its members to continue their campaign within the Labour Party as individuals .
the league had little [other option] but to disband and thus allow its members to continue their campaign within the labour party as individuals .

Cripps had no alternative but to refuse the conditions laid down by the Executive .
cripps had no [other option] but to refuse the conditions laid down by the executive .

Figure 6.8 shows a reproduction of a concept map developed by second-year pupils ( aged 12-13 ) as part of their Alternative Ideologies unit work .
figure 6.8 shows a reproduction of a concept map developed by second-year pupils ( aged 12-13 ) as part of their [other option] ideologies unit work .

This map was produced in class following pupil-teacher discussion and then used by the author to produce the required keyword access to the Alternative Ideologies datafile .
this map was produced in class following pupil-teacher discussion and then used by the author to produce the required keyword access to the [other option] ideologies datafile .

The Second World War was to bring about an intensification of the disillusionment with national and international politics that led Nasser to seek an alternative through the organisation if the Free Officer corps and the carrying out of the successful coup d'etat .
the second world war was to bring about an intensification of the disillusionment with national and international politics that led nasser to seek an [other option] through the organisation if the free officer corps and the carrying out of the successful coup d'etat .

The alternative , if it is contemplated that fees will be incurred during the life of the trust , is to take a separate deed of covenant from the husband and the wife , or either of them , whereby they or one of them agree to discharge the fees concerned .
the [other option] , if it is contemplated that fees will be incurred during the life of the trust , is to take a separate deed of covenant from the husband and the wife , or either of them , whereby they or one of them agree to discharge the fees concerned .

He had so manipulated the situation that if she wanted to do what she could for the twins she had no alternative but to agree to his terms .
he had so manipulated the situation that if she wanted to do what she could for the twins she had no [other option] but to agree to his terms .

So , as much as it went against the grain , she knew she had no alternative but to fit in with Ross 's plans .
so , as much as it went against the grain , she knew she had no [other option] but to fit in with ross 's plans .

All of which , unfortunately , meant that she had no alternative but to put her own personal feelings to one side .
all of which , unfortunately , meant that she had no [other option] but to put her own personal feelings to one side .

And , while Emma and Sophie were still happy here in London , she had no alternative but to try and endure the venomous pin-pricks of her elderly mother-in-law .
and , while emma and sophie were still happy here in london , she had no [other option] but to try and endure the venomous pin-pricks of her elderly mother-in-law .

And yet the only alternative was to sacrifice Kirsty .
and yet the only [other option] was to sacrifice kirsty .

The other possibility explained in our conversation of September 29 was an ‘ alternative choice to place it into a vintage aircraft auction .
the other possibility explained in our conversation of september 29 was an ‘ [other option] choice to place it into a vintage aircraft auction .

The importance of Scotch to the agricultural sector ( as indicated by indirect employment generated by cereals purchases ) is apparent when one considers the lack of alternative employment .
the importance of scotch to the agricultural sector ( as indicated by indirect employment generated by cereals purchases ) is apparent when one considers the lack of [other option] employment .

At the same time , consumers have become more aware of the range of alternative drinks products .
at the same time , consumers have become more aware of the range of [other option] drinks products .

Alternative excise duty structures could maintain existing revenue levels with less distortion of consumer choice .
[other option] excise duty structures could maintain existing revenue levels with less distortion of consumer choice .

An Alternative Structure
an [other option] structure

The subscription scheme is the alternative .
the subscription scheme is the [other option] .

Circular 22/80 advised that ‘ this permissive power ’ should be used ‘ only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings ’ .
circular 22/80 advised that ‘ this permissive power ’ should be used ‘ only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no [other option] to enforcement proceedings ’ .

One likelihood is that developers ‘ will be less willing to submit alternative schemes ; and there will be renewed pressure from developers to iron out difficulties in pre-application negotiations with planning officers ’ .
one likelihood is that developers ‘ will be less willing to submit [other option] schemes ; and there will be renewed pressure from developers to iron out difficulties in pre-application negotiations with planning officers ’ .

This came under heavy fire for implying that small firms set up without planning permission should only have enforcement orders issued against them if alternative premises were available .
this came under heavy fire for implying that small firms set up without planning permission should only have enforcement orders issued against them if [other option] premises were available .

This permissive power should be used , in regard to either operational development or material changes of use , only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings .
this permissive power should be used , in regard to either operational development or material changes of use , only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no [other option] to enforcement proceedings .

Where the activity involved is one which would not give rise to insuperable planning objections if it were carried out somewhere else , then the planning authority should do all it can to help in finding suitable alternative premises before initiating enforcement action .
where the activity involved is one which would not give rise to insuperable planning objections if it were carried out somewhere else , then the planning authority should do all it can to help in finding suitable [other option] premises before initiating enforcement action .

Additionally there is a general entitlement to a ‘ Disturbance Payment ’ for persons who are not entitled to compensation , and local authorities are given a duty ‘ to secure the provision of suitable alternative accommodation where this is not otherwise available on reasonable terms , for any person displaced from residential accommodation ’ by acquisition .
additionally there is a general entitlement to a ‘ disturbance payment ’ for persons who are not entitled to compensation , and local authorities are given a duty ‘ to secure the provision of suitable [other option] accommodation where this is not otherwise available on reasonable terms , for any person displaced from residential accommodation ’ by acquisition .

Henderson 's alternative explanations have not been substantiated , but Brown and Harris 's basic model has been confirmed and supplemented in further studies both in Islington in London and in a rural community in North West Scotland , and the original findings have been replicated by other investigators in other areas ( see Brown and Harris , 1986 for a recent review ) .
henderson 's [other option] explanations have not been substantiated , but brown and harris 's basic model has been confirmed and supplemented in further studies both in islington in london and in a rural community in north west scotland , and the original findings have been replicated by other investigators in other areas ( see brown and harris , 1986 for a recent review ) .

Children are not at increased psychiatric risk if their mother goes out to work , for instance , providing the alternative day care arrangements are of good quality , ensuring continuity of caretaking , adequate love and attention and opportunity for play and conversation .
children are not at increased psychiatric risk if their mother goes out to work , for instance , providing the [other option] day care arrangements are of good quality , ensuring continuity of caretaking , adequate love and attention and opportunity for play and conversation .

When the risk factor can not be eradicated , or the stressful experience avoided , an alternative approach to prevention is to focus attention instead on the child 's resources for coping with the problem .
when the risk factor can not be eradicated , or the stressful experience avoided , an [other option] approach to prevention is to focus attention instead on the child 's resources for coping with the problem .

However , pregnant girls gave the least number of alternative solutions to the problems , and were least competent at describing the steps an imaginary protagonist should take to achieve her aims in five stories .
however , pregnant girls gave the least number of [other option] solutions to the problems , and were least competent at describing the steps an imaginary protagonist should take to achieve her aims in five stories .

Six weeks before and immediately after the closedown was assumed to be a more stressful time for the 100 men than one and two years later when 90 per cent of them had found alternative employment .
six weeks before and immediately after the closedown was assumed to be a more stressful time for the 100 men than one and two years later when 90 per cent of them had found [other option] employment .

‘ You have an alternative ? ’
‘ you have an [other option] ? ’

‘ There 's always an alternative .
‘ there 's always an [other option] .

The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry on the definition of undertakings given by British Steel to offer assets for sale as an alternative to plant closure ;
the secretary of state for trade and industry on the definition of undertakings given by british steel to offer assets for sale as an [other option] to plant closure ;

It was also noted that the alternative type of transition may sometimes occur in a boundary layer .
it was also noted that the [other option] type of transition may sometimes occur in a boundary layer .

Before we look at the average quantities most often used to examine the more detailed structure of the velocity field , we consider briefly an alternative representation .
before we look at the average quantities most often used to examine the more detailed structure of the velocity field , we consider briefly an [other option] representation .

( The reason for the alternative coordinates will be seen later . )
( the reason for the [other option] coordinates will be seen later . )

In an alternative , widely used , mode , a feedback circuit maintains the wire at a constant resistance and so at constant temperature ; the current needed to do this is a measure of the fluid velocity .
in an [other option] , widely used , mode , a feedback circuit maintains the wire at a constant resistance and so at constant temperature ; the current needed to do this is a measure of the fluid velocity .

The traditional approach , essential before the days of high-powered computers , was to proceed algebraically as far as possible and resort to numerical integration only when there was no alternative ; the Blasius profile integration again provides an example .
the traditional approach , essential before the days of high-powered computers , was to proceed algebraically as far as possible and resort to numerical integration only when there was no [other option] ; the blasius profile integration again provides an example .

The suddenly rendered-visible women who attracted attention were working with anti-sculptural , anti-formal , alternative strategies and were mobilised around the hyperactive Lucy Lippard ( who , until then , had been very partial to male artists in her exhibition projects and writings ) .
the suddenly rendered-visible women who attracted attention were working with anti-sculptural , anti-formal , [other option] strategies and were mobilised around the hyperactive lucy lippard ( who , until then , had been very partial to male artists in her exhibition projects and writings ) .

An alternative to spending money on goods and services is to purchase securities ( e.g .
an [other option] to spending money on goods and services is to purchase securities ( e.g .

Financial intermediaries can advise their customers on financial matters : on the best way of investing their funds and on alternative ways of obtaining finance .
financial intermediaries can advise their customers on financial matters : on the best way of investing their funds and on [other option] ways of obtaining finance .

On the other hand , there are various time deposits that earn interest in banks , building societies and the National Savings Bank which are used by the public as an alternative means of holding money that is used for expenditure purposes .
on the other hand , there are various time deposits that earn interest in banks , building societies and the national savings bank which are used by the public as an [other option] means of holding money that is used for expenditure purposes .

In making these decisions , people will have to weigh up the relative advantages and disadvantages of the various alternative assets .
in making these decisions , people will have to weigh up the relative advantages and disadvantages of the various [other option] assets .

They are alternative means of holding wealth .
they are [other option] means of holding wealth .

To avoid this problem and to allow the greatest freedom of competition between financial institutions , the alternative is to use monetary base control with no statutory cash ratio .
to avoid this problem and to allow the greatest freedom of competition between financial institutions , the [other option] is to use monetary base control with no statutory cash ratio .

Alternative exchange rate systems ( or ‘ regimes ’ , as they are called ) are examined in Chapter 22 .
[other option] exchange rate systems ( or ‘ regimes ’ , as they are called ) are examined in chapter 22 .

This wonderfully rich and moist fruit cake may be a little strong for many young children 's tastes , but it is a lovely alternative for an older child , for a special occasion such as Christmas , or when the cake needs to be kept for some time .
this wonderfully rich and moist fruit cake may be a little strong for many young children 's tastes , but it is a lovely [other option] for an older child , for a special occasion such as christmas , or when the cake needs to be kept for some time .

American frosting is a meringue-like soft icing alternative for covering sponge cakes , and is used especially for its fluffy effect and whiteness .
american frosting is a meringue-like soft icing [other option] for covering sponge cakes , and is used especially for its fluffy effect and whiteness .

Another alternative is to use disposable paper bags — these are also much more flexible to work with and are good for very delicate piping .
another [other option] is to use disposable paper bags — these are also much more flexible to work with and are good for very delicate piping .

f ) the options that could be available to lenders for making alternative arrangements for conveyancing ;
f ) the options that could be available to lenders for making [other option] arrangements for conveyancing ;

Answers of this kind were often accompanied by alternative suggestions such as 5 , 7 or 14 days .
answers of this kind were often accompanied by [other option] suggestions such as 5 , 7 or 14 days .

During this time she drew the conclusion that Beardsley takes his penalties at alternative sides ( if he scores ) .
during this time she drew the conclusion that beardsley takes his penalties at [other option] sides ( if he scores ) .

An alternative crap 11 : -
an [other option] crap 11 : -

They would be more than willing to move as long as Leeds council offered them a suitable alternative with security of tenure ( this in effect means building them a brand new stadium from scratch ) .
they would be more than willing to move as long as leeds council offered them a suitable [other option] with security of tenure ( this in effect means building them a brand new stadium from scratch ) .

The only alternative would be an instrument from another family , possibly a sackbut , which seems an unlikely alternative within a pastoral ensemble .
the only [other option] would be an instrument from another family , possibly a sackbut , which seems an unlikely [other option] within a pastoral ensemble .

1 In seven cases , indicated in the first column by [ i ] and [ ii ] after the movement number , there are alternative versions of movements , usually because of cuts or optional repeats ( movements 5 , 7 , 9 , 14 ) , although in three cases ( 12,16,17 ) completely different versions exist .
1 in seven cases , indicated in the first column by [ i ] and [ ii ] after the movement number , there are [other option] versions of movements , usually because of cuts or optional repeats ( movements 5 , 7 , 9 , 14 ) , although in three cases ( 12,16,17 ) completely different versions exist .

So what on earth should she do ? Brazen it out ? Try to alter her flight and go home tomorrow ? Seek alternative accommodation somewhere , via the local tourist board maybe ? That sounded expensive , and limited spending money was really all she had at her disposal , but could she seriously spend even one night under the same roof as that … that arrogant … libertine ?
so what on earth should she do ? brazen it out ? try to alter her flight and go home tomorrow ? seek [other option] accommodation somewhere , via the local tourist board maybe ? that sounded expensive , and limited spending money was really all she had at her disposal , but could she seriously spend even one night under the same roof as that … that arrogant … libertine ?

The alternative was hospitalisation until the baby was born , and Dr Newne was prone to making unannounced visits to satisfy himself that his orders were being followed to the letter .
the [other option] was hospitalisation until the baby was born , and dr newne was prone to making unannounced visits to satisfy himself that his orders were being followed to the letter .

But at the height of the tourist season it was odds on that her old room had already been taken , and she could n't see herself tramping Venice at this time of night , looking for alternative accommodation .
but at the height of the tourist season it was odds on that her old room had already been taken , and she could n't see herself tramping venice at this time of night , looking for [other option] accommodation .

If he was right she had no alternative but to stay put .
if he was right she had no [other option] but to stay put .

The only other alternative would be to ask her father to collect her from the party , and , at twenty , that would be too embarrassing for words !
the only other [other option] would be to ask her father to collect her from the party , and , at twenty , that would be too embarrassing for words !

It was only much later , when she was checking the dispensary , that an alternative came to mind .
it was only much later , when she was checking the dispensary , that an [other option] came to mind .

She had no idea why he had telephoned her , though she did n't put it out of the realms of possibility that , having gone away when he 'd promised to think about the interview , he might well have rung to suggest some alternative .
she had no idea why he had telephoned her , though she did n't put it out of the realms of possibility that , having gone away when he 'd promised to think about the interview , he might well have rung to suggest some [other option] .

But the alternative — to have him believing her poor showing had been caused by drugs , was equally untenable .
but the [other option] — to have him believing her poor showing had been caused by drugs , was equally untenable .

Yet the alternative , to sit and wait for help that might never arrive , was terrifying .
yet the [other option] , to sit and wait for help that might never arrive , was terrifying .

Which left her with no alternative but to hobble on as best she could .
which left her with no [other option] but to hobble on as best she could .

The greatest obstacle to the acceptance of the drift hypothesis was not so much the nature of this supporting evidence ( although alternative explanations were readily proffered ) but rather the failure to find a convincing mechanism by which it could occur .
the greatest obstacle to the acceptance of the drift hypothesis was not so much the nature of this supporting evidence ( although [other option] explanations were readily proffered ) but rather the failure to find a convincing mechanism by which it could occur .

An alternative explanation of such uplifts involves the effects of density changes in minerals in the upper mantle .
an [other option] explanation of such uplifts involves the effects of density changes in minerals in the upper mantle .

An alternative explanation is that much of the growth of the island has occurred through intrusive igneous activity rather than the extrusion of lava on the surface .
an [other option] explanation is that much of the growth of the island has occurred through intrusive igneous activity rather than the extrusion of lava on the surface .

An alternative term for such flows is nuées ardentes ( literally burning clouds ) .
an [other option] term for such flows is nuées ardentes ( literally burning clouds ) .

An alternative strategy might be for the archivist to get in early in the life of information systems , probably even at the design stage , to imbed selection criteria of some sort into them .
an [other option] strategy might be for the archivist to get in early in the life of information systems , probably even at the design stage , to imbed selection criteria of some sort into them .

Transferring to an alternative medium requires new data formats yet to be standardised and dependence on a new generation of hardware to read or download stored information .
transferring to an [other option] medium requires new data formats yet to be standardised and dependence on a new generation of hardware to read or download stored information .

The alternative strategy — historians providing computer training from within their own departments — is no less problematic .
the [other option] strategy — historians providing computer training from within their own departments — is no less problematic .

The alternative and complement to instruction was command .
the [other option] and complement to instruction was command .

They believed in culture in addition to , and sometimes as an alternative to religion , in extreme cases substituting the ritual attendance at opera , theatre or concert for that at church .
they believed in culture in addition to , and sometimes as an [other option] to religion , in extreme cases substituting the ritual attendance at opera , theatre or concert for that at church .

Hence the growing importance of the alternative theories of biological class superiority , which pervade so much of the nineteenth-century bourgeois Weltanschauung .
hence the growing importance of the [other option] theories of biological class superiority , which pervade so much of the nineteenth-century bourgeois weltanschauung .

There was no alternative to capitalism as a method of economic development , and at this period this implied both the realisation of the economic and institutional programme of the liberal bourgeoisie ( with local variations ) , and the crucial position in the state of that bourgeoisie itself .
there was no [other option] to capitalism as a method of economic development , and at this period this implied both the realisation of the economic and institutional programme of the liberal bourgeoisie ( with local variations ) , and the crucial position in the state of that bourgeoisie itself .

As for the rulers of conservative , anti-bourgeois and anti-liberal regimes in Europe , whether in Vienna , Berlin or St Petersburg , they recognised , however reluctantly , that the alternative to capitalist economic development was backwardness , and consequent weakness .
as for the rulers of conservative , anti-bourgeois and anti-liberal regimes in europe , whether in vienna , berlin or st petersburg , they recognised , however reluctantly , that the [other option] to capitalist economic development was backwardness , and consequent weakness .

Professor Patinkin , who was largely responsible for the rigorous formulation of the real-balance effect , has always urged caution in regarding price deflation as an acceptable alternative route for the attainment of full employment .
professor patinkin , who was largely responsible for the rigorous formulation of the real-balance effect , has always urged caution in regarding price deflation as an acceptable [other option] route for the attainment of full employment .

In my view there was indeed an inconsistency here , though it was an inconsistency which Friedman only recognized implicitly when he started putting forward an alternative model , radically different from his accelerationist hypothesis , which denied any direct role for aggregate demand in influencing the level of employment .
in my view there was indeed an inconsistency here , though it was an inconsistency which friedman only recognized implicitly when he started putting forward an [other option] model , radically different from his accelerationist hypothesis , which denied any direct role for aggregate demand in influencing the level of employment .

Side by side with the increasing popularity of monetary theories of the cycle , the late 1970s witnessed the emergence of alternative theories of the business cycle which , though firmly rooted in new classical macroeconomics , attributed the causes of the business cycle to real as opposed to monetary phenomena .
side by side with the increasing popularity of monetary theories of the cycle , the late 1970s witnessed the emergence of [other option] theories of the business cycle which , though firmly rooted in new classical macroeconomics , attributed the causes of the business cycle to real as opposed to monetary phenomena .

Given that they have ruled out of court the concept of demand deficient unemployment , the new classical writers have left themselves with no alternative explanation : if markets are clearing , they must be clearing at different measured unemployment rates .
given that they have ruled out of court the concept of demand deficient unemployment , the new classical writers have left themselves with no [other option] explanation : if markets are clearing , they must be clearing at different measured unemployment rates .

Although the partial equilibrium diagram in Figure 2.6 conveys the gist of the classical position , an alternative diagrammatic representation of the same approach in terms of simple general equilibrium theory turns out to be more illuminating when we contrast states of classical unemployment with states of Keynesian unemployment .
although the partial equilibrium diagram in figure 2.6 conveys the gist of the classical position , an [other option] diagrammatic representation of the same approach in terms of simple general equilibrium theory turns out to be more illuminating when we contrast states of classical unemployment with states of keynesian unemployment .

There are two alternative ways of reacting to the stylized facts outlined above .
there are two [other option] ways of reacting to the stylized facts outlined above .

Generally speaking the ‘ political ’ cure for inflation comprised some form of prices and incomes policy , and was regarded as the only alternative to the less palatable ‘ economic ’ cure of demand deflation .
generally speaking the ‘ political ’ cure for inflation comprised some form of prices and incomes policy , and was regarded as the only [other option] to the less palatable ‘ economic ’ cure of demand deflation .

Where a plaintiff claims the delivery of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement to a person other than a body corporate , he shall in his particulars state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it , with the number of the agreement or sufficient particulars to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods claimed ; ( 6 ) the total price of the goods ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the unpaid balance of the total price ; ( 9 ) whether a default notice or a notice under s 76(1) or s 98(1) of the Consumer Credit Act 1974 has been served on the debtor and if it has , the date on which and the manner in which it was so served ; ( 10 ) the date when the right to demand delivery of the goods accrued ; ( 11 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as an alternative to the delivery of the goods ; and ( 12 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed in addition to the delivery of the goods or any claim under sub-paragraph ( 10 ) , stating the cause of action in respect of which each such claim is made .
where a plaintiff claims the delivery of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement to a person other than a body corporate , he shall in his particulars state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it , with the number of the agreement or sufficient particulars to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods claimed ; ( 6 ) the total price of the goods ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the unpaid balance of the total price ; ( 9 ) whether a default notice or a notice under s 76(1) or s 98(1) of the consumer credit act 1974 has been served on the debtor and if it has , the date on which and the manner in which it was so served ; ( 10 ) the date when the right to demand delivery of the goods accrued ; ( 11 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as an [other option] to the delivery of the goods ; and ( 12 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed in addition to the delivery of the goods or any claim under sub-paragraph ( 10 ) , stating the cause of action in respect of which each such claim is made .

Where payment into court is made : ( 1 ) by one or more of several defendants sued jointly or in the alternative ( unless the matter is settled by acceptance and the claims against the other defendants are abandoned and they agree in writing ) ; ( 2 ) with a defence of tender before action ; ( 3 ) in admiralty actions ; ( 4 ) where the plaintiff is a person under disability ; ( 5 ) where more than one person is entitled to the money in claims under the Fatal Accident Act 1976 and/or the Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1934 ( Ord 11 , r 1(7) and Ord 11 , r 4(2) , ( 3 ) ) .
where payment into court is made : ( 1 ) by one or more of several defendants sued jointly or in the [other option] ( unless the matter is settled by acceptance and the claims against the other defendants are abandoned and they agree in writing ) ; ( 2 ) with a defence of tender before action ; ( 3 ) in admiralty actions ; ( 4 ) where the plaintiff is a person under disability ; ( 5 ) where more than one person is entitled to the money in claims under the fatal accident act 1976 and/or the law reform ( miscellaneous provisions ) act 1934 ( ord 11 , r 1(7) and ord 11 , r 4(2) , ( 3 ) ) .

( 2 ) In the case of an agreement made on 19 May , 1985 or later — The court has similar power pursuant to s 130(6) , Consumer Credit Act 1974 as read with the alternative Ord 49 , r 4 .
( 2 ) in the case of an agreement made on 19 may , 1985 or later — the court has similar power pursuant to s 130(6) , consumer credit act 1974 as read with the [other option] ord 49 , r 4 .

In any case , since the site-owner and his insurer will never be sure they can prove the liability of the installer , the existence of the installer 's liability cover will not reduce the fire premium , so that the only alternative to the site-owner bearing the risk will be double insurance , which benefits neither side .
in any case , since the site-owner and his insurer will never be sure they can prove the liability of the installer , the existence of the installer 's liability cover will not reduce the fire premium , so that the only [other option] to the site-owner bearing the risk will be double insurance , which benefits neither side .

One commonly used alternative is a rolling forecast .
one commonly used [other option] is a rolling forecast .

Where forecasts are not legally binding on the buyer , another commonly used alternative is for the buyer to agree to compensate the seller ( up to some agreed limits ) for excess inventory of the products covered by the agreement which are still in the seller 's hands on termination of the agreement , but which he can not reasonably dispose of elsewhere .
where forecasts are not legally binding on the buyer , another commonly used [other option] is for the buyer to agree to compensate the seller ( up to some agreed limits ) for excess inventory of the products covered by the agreement which are still in the seller 's hands on termination of the agreement , but which he can not reasonably dispose of elsewhere .

As an alternative , the seller sometimes agrees that the agreement can be suspended during the period of his inability to supply , so that the buyer can go elsewhere during that period , but is obliged to return to the seller ( subject to any transition period needed to take delivery of and consume orders placed with third parties ) when he is next in a position to supply .
as an [other option] , the seller sometimes agrees that the agreement can be suspended during the period of his inability to supply , so that the buyer can go elsewhere during that period , but is obliged to return to the seller ( subject to any transition period needed to take delivery of and consume orders placed with third parties ) when he is next in a position to supply .

Where secondhand goods were sold regularly under standard terms , the correct approach would be to include a provision equivalent to Precedent 4 in the set , either as an alternative to or instead of the standard clauses applying to the quality standards for new goods .
where secondhand goods were sold regularly under standard terms , the correct approach would be to include a provision equivalent to precedent 4 in the set , either as an [other option] to or instead of the standard clauses applying to the quality standards for new goods .

In the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .
in the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable [other option] thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .

Where the continuity of management is broken , eg by holidays or illness , there is an obligation to make alternative arrangements to ensure adequate supervision .
where the continuity of management is broken , eg by holidays or illness , there is an obligation to make [other option] arrangements to ensure adequate supervision .

It would be counter-productive to include a clause which no-one really regards as appropriate to the particular circumstances of the firm just because that clause is commonly found in the precedent books : better by far to leave it out until agreement on a satisfactory alternative can be agreed .
it would be counter-productive to include a clause which no-one really regards as appropriate to the particular circumstances of the firm just because that clause is commonly found in the precedent books : better by far to leave it out until agreement on a satisfactory [other option] can be agreed .

5 Alternative groupings
5 [other option] groupings

An alternative to attempting to deal with such matters by a policy of continuous and possibly unsettling adjustment ( by moving departments and personnel around ) would be to allow each branch to become a separate partnership under the aegis of a superimposed managing firm .
an [other option] to attempting to deal with such matters by a policy of continuous and possibly unsettling adjustment ( by moving departments and personnel around ) would be to allow each branch to become a separate partnership under the aegis of a superimposed managing firm .

An alternative to the expulsion procedure exists in what might be called compulsory retirement ( Clause 18.03 ) .
an [other option] to the expulsion procedure exists in what might be called compulsory retirement ( clause 18.03 ) .

It would be appropriate not simply as a true alternative to expulsion where the grounds for the latter exist but also where the circumstances make it difficult to identify some particular breach or failure by the partner served with notice , where the problem is more that his face no longer fits , where his general approach to the business of the firm is inconsistent with the policy which the other partners have decided to adopt , and so on .
it would be appropriate not simply as a true [other option] to expulsion where the grounds for the latter exist but also where the circumstances make it difficult to identify some particular breach or failure by the partner served with notice , where the problem is more that his face no longer fits , where his general approach to the business of the firm is inconsistent with the policy which the other partners have decided to adopt , and so on .

The alternative of dissolving the firm might in such circumstances be less burdensome .
the [other option] of dissolving the firm might in such circumstances be less burdensome .

Tactics in drafting agreements and conducting disputes are considered in Chapter 16 : comparisons are made between litigation , arbitration , expert determination and alternative dispute resolution .
tactics in drafting agreements and conducting disputes are considered in chapter 16 : comparisons are made between litigation , arbitration , expert determination and [other option] dispute resolution .

In other words , the potential plaintiff may withhold payment of money which is due to the potential defendant , as an alternative way of obtaining the benefit of the expert 's decision .
in other words , the potential plaintiff may withhold payment of money which is due to the potential defendant , as an [other option] way of obtaining the benefit of the expert 's decision .

Under the general law of contract ( on which see Chitty on Contracts , Chapter 24 ) repudiation gives the other party the right to treat the contract as being at an end and to claim damages for wrongful termination : the alternative right to insist on performance would be meaningless in this context .
under the general law of contract ( on which see chitty on contracts , chapter 24 ) repudiation gives the other party the right to treat the contract as being at an end and to claim damages for wrongful termination : the [other option] right to insist on performance would be meaningless in this context .

To summarise , the court 's policy is strongly in favour of upholding contractual dispute procedures , and against allowing access to the courts where contractually agreed disputes procedures alternative to the court have not failed : see 13.14.4 .
to summarise , the court 's policy is strongly in favour of upholding contractual dispute procedures , and against allowing access to the courts where contractually agreed disputes procedures [other option] to the court have not failed : see 13.14.4 .

If the tenant accepts that the property may be redeveloped he will probably wish to be looking for alternative accommodation sooner rather than later , and he will wish to move in and terminate his liability under his existing lease as soon as he finds it .
if the tenant accepts that the property may be redeveloped he will probably wish to be looking for [other option] accommodation sooner rather than later , and he will wish to move in and terminate his liability under his existing lease as soon as he finds it .

The alternative method is to provide that upon any adjustment of the base figure , the rent payable immediately before the adjustment becomes a fixed amount payable under the terms of the lease ( or is substituted for a fixed amount previously reserved ) .
the [other option] method is to provide that upon any adjustment of the base figure , the rent payable immediately before the adjustment becomes a fixed amount payable under the terms of the lease ( or is substituted for a fixed amount previously reserved ) .

Example 4:8 Definition of rent linked to head rent `` the reviewed rent `` means the highest of ( 1 ) the rent contractually payable immediately before the relevant review date ( 2 ) the market rent and ( 3 ) per cent of the rent payable under the headlease ( assuming if it is not the fact that the headlease is in existence on the relevant review date ) Example 4:9 Alternative definition if at any time the rent payable under the headlease is increased the payable under this lease shall be increased with effect from the date as from which the rent payable under the headlease is increased so as to equal per cent of that rent
example 4:8 definition of rent linked to head rent `` the reviewed rent `` means the highest of ( 1 ) the rent contractually payable immediately before the relevant review date ( 2 ) the market rent and ( 3 ) per cent of the rent payable under the headlease ( assuming if it is not the fact that the headlease is in existence on the relevant review date ) example 4:9 [other option] definition if at any time the rent payable under the headlease is increased the payable under this lease shall be increased with effect from the date as from which the rent payable under the headlease is increased so as to equal per cent of that rent

4.10 Medical expenses may be reasonably incurred even though a less expensive alternative was available to the plaintiff .
4.10 medical expenses may be reasonably incurred even though a less expensive [other option] was available to the plaintiff .

In this regard , evidence of alternative third party offers for Target should be sought , as well as formal valuations .
in this regard , evidence of [other option] third party offers for target should be sought , as well as formal valuations .

Because it provides a market for shares that are already in issue , the trust is also a good alternative or adjunct to a share option scheme .
because it provides a market for shares that are already in issue , the trust is also a good [other option] or adjunct to a share option scheme .

If there is a hive-down of the target assets and business to a newly formed Target subsidiary of the vendor , followed by a sale of shares in the new target company , as an alternative to an assets sale , these `` tax assets `` can be preserved in Target .
if there is a hive-down of the target assets and business to a newly formed target subsidiary of the vendor , followed by a sale of shares in the new target company , as an [other option] to an assets sale , these `` tax assets `` can be preserved in target .

Although it may be beneficial to address this point at this stage rather than leave it to the flotation , the alternative argument is that such matters can only be decided at the time of flotation when the parties are better able to assess what is commercially necessary to achieve an optimum result .
although it may be beneficial to address this point at this stage rather than leave it to the flotation , the [other option] argument is that such matters can only be decided at the time of flotation when the parties are better able to assess what is commercially necessary to achieve an optimum result .

However , there are two common alternative legal structures by which the purchaser can assume the vendor 's obligation to perform a contract namely : ( a ) novation ; or ( b ) sub-contracting or agency arrangements .
however , there are two common [other option] legal structures by which the purchaser can assume the vendor 's obligation to perform a contract namely : ( a ) novation ; or ( b ) sub-contracting or agency arrangements .

Naturally the employee is under a duty to mitigate his loss by finding suitable alternative employment .
naturally the employee is under a duty to mitigate his loss by finding suitable [other option] employment .

The Green Alternative Alliance will be co-chaired by Erzsebet Schmuck , president of the National Conservationist Federation and Gyorgy Droppa , of the Danube Circle .
the green [other option] alliance will be co-chaired by erzsebet schmuck , president of the national conservationist federation and gyorgy droppa , of the danube circle .

Alternative to methyl bromide proposed
[other option] to methyl bromide proposed

Australian scientists have suggested that carbonyl sulphide should be used as a benign alternative to methyl bromide , a pesticide employed for fumigating soil , timbers , and grains and fruit after harvest .
australian scientists have suggested that carbonyl sulphide should be used as a benign [other option] to methyl bromide , a pesticide employed for fumigating soil , timbers , and grains and fruit after harvest .

Light railway alternative proposed
light railway [other option] proposed

Ten model farms have been set up in Poland as a showcase for alternative production methods .
ten model farms have been set up in poland as a showcase for [other option] production methods .

The court ordered them to carry out surveys of how the birds would be affected and to prepare alternative routes for the pipeline .
the court ordered them to carry out surveys of how the birds would be affected and to prepare [other option] routes for the pipeline .

The government also has the right to withhold `` reports on alternative engineering options/solutions in the light of environmental factors `` .
the government also has the right to withhold `` reports on [other option] engineering options/solutions in the light of environmental factors `` .

This would reduce carbon emissions and would also provide alternative uses for farm surpluses .
this would reduce carbon emissions and would also provide [other option] uses for farm surpluses .

At present , however , with the lack of plant available , there was no alternative .
at present , however , with the lack of plant available , there was no [other option] .

Friends of the Earth has criticized the aid thus far given as being `` directed to patching up and bolting on gismos , rather than developing alternative systems `` .
friends of the earth has criticized the aid thus far given as being `` directed to patching up and bolting on gismos , rather than developing [other option] systems `` .

The government 's priority is to construct more coal and geothermal plants as soon as possible , rather than looking at energy efficiency and alternative strategies .
the government 's priority is to construct more coal and geothermal plants as soon as possible , rather than looking at energy efficiency and [other option] strategies .

The report concluded that , until safer land-based storage systems had been devised , Russia would have no alternative but to continue the dumping of liquid radioactive waste at sea .
the report concluded that , until safer land-based storage systems had been devised , russia would have no [other option] but to continue the dumping of liquid radioactive waste at sea .

The combination of a poor harvest last year , and declining demand in the West due to recession , has forced the castanheiros , as the nut gatherers are known , to explore alternative ways of making a living , by expanding their crop-growing or cattle-rearing activities .
the combination of a poor harvest last year , and declining demand in the west due to recession , has forced the castanheiros , as the nut gatherers are known , to explore [other option] ways of making a living , by expanding their crop-growing or cattle-rearing activities .

The revenue from the tax , currently around £1.2 billion per year , is intended to subsidize projects using alternative fuel sources , but at the moment more than 90 per cent goes to the nuclear industry ( which is why the tax is often called the `` nuclear levy `` ) .
the revenue from the tax , currently around £1.2 billion per year , is intended to subsidize projects using [other option] fuel sources , but at the moment more than 90 per cent goes to the nuclear industry ( which is why the tax is often called the `` nuclear levy `` ) .

The country 's nuclear lobby has argued that alternative energy sources are either not available or too expensive and Semenyuk told a parliamentary debate on the government 's economic reform programme that : `` Experts say that after the introduction of safety measures the plant is among the safest , and not only in Ukraine . ``
the country 's nuclear lobby has argued that [other option] energy sources are either not available or too expensive and semenyuk told a parliamentary debate on the government 's economic reform programme that : `` experts say that after the introduction of safety measures the plant is among the safest , and not only in ukraine . ``

The Department of Transport has allocated £100,000 to allow local authorities to run trials of various alternative fuels for buses .
the department of transport has allocated £100,000 to allow local authorities to run trials of various [other option] fuels for buses .

The judge dismissed claims that alternative land offered at Woodlands Farm was not of comparable quality .
the judge dismissed claims that [other option] land offered at woodlands farm was not of comparable quality .

The campaign to save Oxleas Wood , the ancient woodland in southeast London , from a road-building scheme [ see EDs 70 , 69 , 61 ] has been given an unexpected fillip because the British Road Federation has switched sides and proposed an alternative plan .
the campaign to save oxleas wood , the ancient woodland in southeast london , from a road-building scheme [ see eds 70 , 69 , 61 ] has been given an unexpected fillip because the british road federation has switched sides and proposed an [other option] plan .

It also criticized the electricity companies for failing to take the lead in developing alternative energy sources .
it also criticized the electricity companies for failing to take the lead in developing [other option] energy sources .

The director of British Organic Farmers has called for government subsidies as an alternative to set-aside . ``
the director of british organic farmers has called for government subsidies as an [other option] to set-aside . ``

( In 1983 , for example , there was a Justice for Divorced Fathers candidate , one representing Freddie 's Alternative Medicine party , and another standing for Law and Order in Gotham City — a label derived from the old Batman comic book series ! )
( in 1983 , for example , there was a justice for divorced fathers candidate , one representing freddie 's [other option] medicine party , and another standing for law and order in gotham city — a label derived from the old batman comic book series ! )

Given that there is a living to be made at night , and given that alternative daytime trades are thoroughly occupied , natural selection has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade .
given that there is a living to be made at night , and given that [other option] daytime trades are thoroughly occupied , natural selection has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade .

Faced with the prospect of growing structural unemployment and reflecting an analysis that structural unemployment would be a growing feature of industrial society , the work-force at Lucas Aerospace proposed 150 socially useful products which they could design and manufacture as an alternative to facing degradation and suffering in the dole queue .
faced with the prospect of growing structural unemployment and reflecting an analysis that structural unemployment would be a growing feature of industrial society , the work-force at lucas aerospace proposed 150 socially useful products which they could design and manufacture as an [other option] to facing degradation and suffering in the dole queue .

The alternative to this , he suggests , is , `` to subdivide and codify the design process incorporating the knowledge of the existing designers so that it is reduced to a sequence of simple choices `` .
the [other option] to this , he suggests , is , `` to subdivide and codify the design process incorporating the knowledge of the existing designers so that it is reduced to a sequence of simple choices `` .

Instead of acting as some source of `` alternative expertise `` , projects have been run by union committees and have involved releasing both workers representatives and specialists to produce specifications for new technology and associated systems .
instead of acting as some source of `` [other option] expertise `` , projects have been run by union committees and have involved releasing both workers representatives and specialists to produce specifications for new technology and associated systems .

Hence , there always exists a variety of possible systems which can exhibit any given behaviour and there is an uncertainty about the relative merits ( such as : cost , weight , social values ) of alternative possibilities .
hence , there always exists a variety of possible systems which can exhibit any given behaviour and there is an uncertainty about the relative merits ( such as : cost , weight , social values ) of [other option] possibilities .

Design and the community : alternative energy technologies as a case study
design and the community : [other option] energy technologies as a case study

The past few years have seen increased interest in the various alternative energy technologies based on solar , wind , wave , and tidal energy .
the past few years have seen increased interest in the various [other option] energy technologies based on solar , wind , wave , and tidal energy .

Previous research aimed at investigating public attitudes to alternative energy technologies and the relative acceptability of various energy-conscious products includes a survey carried out recently by Robin Sadler and Liz Spencer , entitled Consumer Attitudes Towards Future Energy Sources and Products ( March 1982 ) .
previous research aimed at investigating public attitudes to [other option] energy technologies and the relative acceptability of various energy-conscious products includes a survey carried out recently by robin sadler and liz spencer , entitled consumer attitudes towards future energy sources and products ( march 1982 ) .

2 New potentials and alternative bases for the European chemical industry .
2 new potentials and [other option] bases for the european chemical industry .

This is the author 's own statement of intent in the Introduction : Ryan sees the essence of fictionality as an act of `` recentering `` , whereby the world of reference of a text is shifted from the actual world to an alternative possible world , which functions as the actual world of the universe projected by the text ( Chapter 1 ) .
this is the author 's own statement of intent in the introduction : ryan sees the essence of fictionality as an act of `` recentering `` , whereby the world of reference of a text is shifted from the actual world to an [other option] possible world , which functions as the actual world of the universe projected by the text ( chapter 1 ) .

Where the present study differs from this previous research is in the way it develops from a comparison of alternative versions of the same story .
where the present study differs from this previous research is in the way it develops from a comparison of [other option] versions of the same story .

However there remains a distinction between claiming that undergraduates don `` t display alternative points of view , and claiming that they can `` t do so .
however there remains a distinction between claiming that undergraduates don `` t display [other option] points of view , and claiming that they can `` t do so .

Of course , there is no reason why a book on speech act theory should discuss alternative approaches at all .
of course , there is no reason why a book on speech act theory should discuss [other option] approaches at all .

Conservatives ( and Christian feminists also to some extent ) seek alternative ways in which the female can be symbolized in the religion , ways which it must be thought are less than satisfactory , and which become increasingly unsatisfactory as that for which women stand in our society changes .
conservatives ( and christian feminists also to some extent ) seek [other option] ways in which the female can be symbolized in the religion , ways which it must be thought are less than satisfactory , and which become increasingly unsatisfactory as that for which women stand in our society changes .

Another alternative model for community economic development was raised , and the suggestion made that there needed to be consideration of and use of the public sector as a vehicle for community businesses servicing the Royal Victoria Hospital complex .
another [other option] model for community economic development was raised , and the suggestion made that there needed to be consideration of and use of the public sector as a vehicle for community businesses servicing the royal victoria hospital complex .

If this is what Making Belfast Work is all about , then it showed a lack of concern for real economic development per se and revealed that there was an alternative agenda .
if this is what making belfast work is all about , then it showed a lack of concern for real economic development per se and revealed that there was an [other option] agenda .

Can Making Belfast Work be improved or should it be shut down to make way for alternative policies ?
can making belfast work be improved or should it be shut down to make way for [other option] policies ?

Rum ( white , for preference ) makes a sound alternative to the brandy in this recipe .
rum ( white , for preference ) makes a sound [other option] to the brandy in this recipe .

And the Rose d'Or , a little hotel opened only a few weeks ago , promises a welcome alternative to the establishments of Apt , Aix and Cavaillon .
and the rose d'or , a little hotel opened only a few weeks ago , promises a welcome [other option] to the establishments of apt , aix and cavaillon .

This is really an alternative to the aïoli , in case you have anti-garlic guests .
this is really an [other option] to the aïoli , in case you have anti-garlic guests .

The local landowners and crofters have countered with an alternative proposal for a Wester Ross Wilderness Area .
the local landowners and crofters have countered with an [other option] proposal for a wester ross wilderness area .

The Christian view of marriage on the other hand is both practical and a good deal happier than any alternative .
the christian view of marriage on the other hand is both practical and a good deal happier than any [other option] .

The use of alternative names is a characteristic feature of Near Eastern writing .
the use of [other option] names is a characteristic feature of near eastern writing .

The connecting trench was constantly full of water now , and because the firing-step was in danger of crumbling there was no alternative for someone who wanted to visit the other wheel but to wade through water and mud .
the connecting trench was constantly full of water now , and because the firing-step was in danger of crumbling there was no [other option] for someone who wanted to visit the other wheel but to wade through water and mud .

He could not bear the thought of it being thrown down the well , however dangerous the alternative .
he could not bear the thought of it being thrown down the well , however dangerous the [other option] .

Some salamanders in Central America exploit the possession of such a water-living larva to give themselves two alternative ways of spending their adult lives .
some salamanders in central america exploit the possession of such a water-living larva to give themselves two [other option] ways of spending their adult lives .

In working out how to answer , a considerable proportion of four-year-olds are influenced by the alternative basis of response that the ‘ irrelevant ’ introduction of the garages provides i.e .
in working out how to answer , a considerable proportion of four-year-olds are influenced by the [other option] basis of response that the ‘ irrelevant ’ introduction of the garages provides i.e .

Donaldson and Elliot develop an alternative taxonomy , in terms of empirical , intentional , and deductive modes of explanation .
donaldson and elliot develop an [other option] taxonomy , in terms of empirical , intentional , and deductive modes of explanation .

Lloyd finds this paradigm wanting in various respects , and proceeds to develop an alternative approach in which the non-verbal channel of communication is precluded by asking children to communicate by telephone on a route-finding task .
lloyd finds this paradigm wanting in various respects , and proceeds to develop an [other option] approach in which the non-verbal channel of communication is precluded by asking children to communicate by telephone on a route-finding task .

Palermo ( 1974 ) attributed it to ‘ much more syntactic context … which may have aided performance ’ , but an alternative interpretation is that , because children heard both more and less in each question in the study by Griffiths et al .
palermo ( 1974 ) attributed it to ‘ much more syntactic context … which may have aided performance ’ , but an [other option] interpretation is that , because children heard both more and less in each question in the study by griffiths et al .

Indeed , where no obvious alternative response was available in some of their tasks , children who did not know the meaning of less typically opted for no response , or ‘ Do n't know .
indeed , where no obvious [other option] response was available in some of their tasks , children who did not know the meaning of less typically opted for no response , or ‘ do n't know .

As we do so an alternative approach will be offered which seems closer to communication in everyday situations .
as we do so an [other option] approach will be offered which seems closer to communication in everyday situations .

Since thought is solitary , there is no parallel to the dramatic interchanges without source markers which can occur in quoted dialogue ( see b.1 ) . But the next example shows an effective alternative to the use of the explicit marker ‘ he thought ’ :
since thought is solitary , there is no parallel to the dramatic interchanges without source markers which can occur in quoted dialogue ( see b.1 ) . but the next example shows an effective [other option] to the use of the explicit marker ‘ he thought ’ :

For pure nostalgia the Alternative Exhibition has displays of Cadbury memorabilia large and small donated from attics and cupboards all over the country .
for pure nostalgia the [other option] exhibition has displays of cadbury memorabilia large and small donated from attics and cupboards all over the country .

He avoids any detailed account of his own position , and relies instead upon the denunciation of alternative arguments and a shrewd analysis of contemporary truisms .
he avoids any detailed account of his own position , and relies instead upon the denunciation of [other option] arguments and a shrewd analysis of contemporary truisms .

But he was so much part of his time , even in the very attempt to withdraw from it , that there was no possibility of his creating a viable alternative to the society in which he lived and worked .
but he was so much part of his time , even in the very attempt to withdraw from it , that there was no possibility of his creating a viable [other option] to the society in which he lived and worked .

There was a good deal of continued muttering , but no real alternative Conservative leader available .
there was a good deal of continued muttering , but no real [other option] conservative leader available .

Jones tried to put before him the possible alternative courses of action .
jones tried to put before him the possible [other option] courses of action .

Neville Chamberlain was the most likely alternative leader .
neville chamberlain was the most likely [other option] leader .

Nineteen days after the Sunday when he was deemed to have no alternative than to resign in ignominy his leadership was more secure than at any time since the 1929 election .
nineteen days after the sunday when he was deemed to have no [other option] than to resign in ignominy his leadership was more secure than at any time since the 1929 election .

But once it was asked , his whole character and political stance gave him little alternative but to say ‘ yes ’ .
but once it was asked , his whole character and political stance gave him little [other option] but to say ‘ yes ’ .

He was not seduced , although his excuse for this would have been much better than most , by the politically widespread enthusiasm for the alternative of his old friend Halifax .
he was not seduced , although his excuse for this would have been much better than most , by the politically widespread enthusiasm for the [other option] of his old friend halifax .

¼pt ( 150ml ) alternative whipping cream
¼pt ( 150ml ) [other option] whipping cream

Our alternative health expert , Michael van Straten has some good advice .
our [other option] health expert , michael van straten has some good advice .

Thus , though it demonstrates the existence from the outset a common source of inspiration in Owenism for both trade unionism and co-operation , it demonstrates also that trade unionism saw Producer Co-operation not as an alternative and preferable way of organising manufacture and hence one to be adopted generally , not in short as a prime purpose , but as an occasional weapon .
thus , though it demonstrates the existence from the outset a common source of inspiration in owenism for both trade unionism and co-operation , it demonstrates also that trade unionism saw producer co-operation not as an [other option] and preferable way of organising manufacture and hence one to be adopted generally , not in short as a prime purpose , but as an occasional weapon .

Was it to establish a quasi-religious movement , one of such moral earnestness as would in the minds of the Owens among the Owenites exercise a compelling influence for beneficial change , one which would establish first alternative and exemplary societies where amity and reason would prevail , and hence would point inevitably to the creation of a co-operative commonwealth ?
was it to establish a quasi-religious movement , one of such moral earnestness as would in the minds of the owens among the owenites exercise a compelling influence for beneficial change , one which would establish first [other option] and exemplary societies where amity and reason would prevail , and hence would point inevitably to the creation of a co-operative commonwealth ?

Thus , so soon after the pronouncement of the intention to restructure industry , through trade unionism , as national co-operatives and so in effect to deny labour to conventionally organised industry , reality compelled the unions to start fashioning themselves as a response to capital rather than as an alternative to it .
thus , so soon after the pronouncement of the intention to restructure industry , through trade unionism , as national co-operatives and so in effect to deny labour to conventionally organised industry , reality compelled the unions to start fashioning themselves as a response to capital rather than as an [other option] to it .

’ Too simple a judgment perhaps : it might better be said that , manifested as the Consumers ' Movement , Co-operation had become an alternative presentation of the rights of ownership against the rights of labour , while trade unionism existed to assert the rights of labour against those of ownership .
’ too simple a judgment perhaps : it might better be said that , manifested as the consumers ' movement , co-operation had become an [other option] presentation of the rights of ownership against the rights of labour , while trade unionism existed to assert the rights of labour against those of ownership .

Yet , though in the early years almost certainly there was no alternative , there is still the question whether Consumers ' Co-operation , once firmly established , could have reverted to the Pioneers ' intention to establish independently controlled producers ' , or industrial , co-operatives .
yet , though in the early years almost certainly there was no [other option] , there is still the question whether consumers ' co-operation , once firmly established , could have reverted to the pioneers ' intention to establish independently controlled producers ' , or industrial , co-operatives .

Cole continues : Socialism is seen here as an alternative and exclusive economic system , among the identifying characteristics of which two must be present : consumers ' control and the elimination of private profit .
cole continues : socialism is seen here as an [other option] and exclusive economic system , among the identifying characteristics of which two must be present : consumers ' control and the elimination of private profit .

But if , having served a term in purgatory , if having had the chance to try his arguments on other philosophers , Hegel was not unrepentant , he might agree that there was perhaps something in the alternative view : that each of the factors affecting historical development does have its own authenticity ; that they act upon and react to one another ; that from time to time this or that factor will take on a greater or lesser importance ; that of course — with a nod in the direction of Marx — at least since the neolithic age and the development of agriculture the mode of production has been a major factor ; and that the actions of particular men , Marx among them , have in fact been formative , changing not merely the degree of development of a kind already prescribed by a programme of social evolution , but the kind of development itself .
but if , having served a term in purgatory , if having had the chance to try his arguments on other philosophers , hegel was not unrepentant , he might agree that there was perhaps something in the [other option] view : that each of the factors affecting historical development does have its own authenticity ; that they act upon and react to one another ; that from time to time this or that factor will take on a greater or lesser importance ; that of course — with a nod in the direction of marx — at least since the neolithic age and the development of agriculture the mode of production has been a major factor ; and that the actions of particular men , marx among them , have in fact been formative , changing not merely the degree of development of a kind already prescribed by a programme of social evolution , but the kind of development itself .

So , the economic , philosophical and biological criticism of Marxism all point in the same direction : that though ‘ muddled Mr Owen ’ was , of course , wrong in supposing that sweet reasonableness and an appeal to the best in human nature would , following the organisation into general unions of workers in productive industry , enable them to take control of it ; and further , by thus reconstituting society as an industrial democracy , remove its evils and usher in an era of plenty and universal happiness , he was not wrong because a clear-sighted Mr Marx 's alternative was right .
so , the economic , philosophical and biological criticism of marxism all point in the same direction : that though ‘ muddled mr owen ’ was , of course , wrong in supposing that sweet reasonableness and an appeal to the best in human nature would , following the organisation into general unions of workers in productive industry , enable them to take control of it ; and further , by thus reconstituting society as an industrial democracy , remove its evils and usher in an era of plenty and universal happiness , he was not wrong because a clear-sighted mr marx 's [other option] was right .

Thus , to put the point at its mildest , it is by no means clear that the general abolition of competition is desirable , that the alternative of centrally planned provision and allocation will offer a more sensitive and efficient response to consumers ' demands and wishes , or a better means of deploying resources .
thus , to put the point at its mildest , it is by no means clear that the general abolition of competition is desirable , that the [other option] of centrally planned provision and allocation will offer a more sensitive and efficient response to consumers ' demands and wishes , or a better means of deploying resources .

And since the case for the development of an industrial co-operative sector stands primarily on its merit as the practice of industrial democracy , we have now to ask whether the proposals contained in the majority Report of the Bullock Committee are a valid and , if so , a preferable alternative .
and since the case for the development of an industrial co-operative sector stands primarily on its merit as the practice of industrial democracy , we have now to ask whether the proposals contained in the majority report of the bullock committee are a valid and , if so , a preferable [other option] .

However , what an owner sees as his due rights may be seen by others as undue privilege ; and where the general interest is material enough to insist on the second alternative , it may with whatever necessary degree of consideration and justice , seek to override the first .
however , what an owner sees as his due rights may be seen by others as undue privilege ; and where the general interest is material enough to insist on the second [other option] , it may with whatever necessary degree of consideration and justice , seek to override the first .

Whichever alternative is right , the trade unions ' bid for a share in the control of industry and , implicitly , to stand as an equal with Parliament as a body to which the nationalised industries should be accountable , could no longer be entertained .
whichever [other option] is right , the trade unions ' bid for a share in the control of industry and , implicitly , to stand as an equal with parliament as a body to which the nationalised industries should be accountable , could no longer be entertained .

An alternative view is that the parties to the Protocol have bestowed a benefit upon the treaty parties , which the latter must expressly or impliedly accept ( and presumably have done so in advance by ratifying the treaty ) .
an [other option] view is that the parties to the protocol have bestowed a benefit upon the treaty parties , which the latter must expressly or impliedly accept ( and presumably have done so in advance by ratifying the treaty ) .

An alternative analysis is that the treaty constitutes an offer of Statehood , the acceptance of which is an implied acceptance of the obligations of the treaty .
an [other option] analysis is that the treaty constitutes an offer of statehood , the acceptance of which is an implied acceptance of the obligations of the treaty .

An alternative way of examining this example might be to see the individuals as employees or representatives of the organisation , and thus as exercising the rights the organisation had gained for them through the treaty , independent of their member States .
an [other option] way of examining this example might be to see the individuals as employees or representatives of the organisation , and thus as exercising the rights the organisation had gained for them through the treaty , independent of their member states .

So that Clara , although she found it hard to believe that she herself was thus chosen , had no alternative to believing it .
so that clara , although she found it hard to believe that she herself was thus chosen , had no [other option] to believing it .

When it is necessary for us to replace cross-grain cornice mouldings we have found that there is no satisfactory alternative to the time-tested , original method , i.e .
when it is necessary for us to replace cross-grain cornice mouldings we have found that there is no satisfactory [other option] to the time-tested , original method , i.e .

You could make complicated calculations , but an alternative is to set the blade for cutting the segments flat , but to hold the plank at the desired angle as you cut .
you could make complicated calculations , but an [other option] is to set the blade for cutting the segments flat , but to hold the plank at the desired angle as you cut .

The alternative inferences are usually associated with the nationalist expositions of two contemporary Vietnamese ‘ scholar patriots ’ .
the [other option] inferences are usually associated with the nationalist expositions of two contemporary vietnamese ‘ scholar patriots ’ .

The southern Vietminh , no less than those in the north , were to resist both principle and practice of the French return to power ; the French were unprepared for any alternative and Gracey 's forces were effectively caught in the middle .
the southern vietminh , no less than those in the north , were to resist both principle and practice of the french return to power ; the french were unprepared for any [other option] and gracey 's forces were effectively caught in the middle .

In the event the acceptance of an alternative Vietnamese state under Bao Dai was , from the beginning , recognized as almost as big a risk .
in the event the acceptance of an [other option] vietnamese state under bao dai was , from the beginning , recognized as almost as big a risk .

Only in nature and by a return to the land — in song , symbolism , in hiking and comradeship around the campfire — can we find that true alternative to the meaninglessness of modern life and its grasping materialism .
only in nature and by a return to the land — in song , symbolism , in hiking and comradeship around the campfire — can we find that true [other option] to the meaninglessness of modern life and its grasping materialism .

Forging an Alternative for Youth and Nation
forging an [other option] for youth and nation

Firstly we believe representative government to be an unprincipled fraud and propose a radical alternative in the form of participative democracy .
firstly we believe representative government to be an unprincipled fraud and propose a radical [other option] in the form of participative democracy .

( The mildly mathematically-minded reader will appreciate that if only four genes are considered , each providing a simple alternative — as if all children were blue eyed or brown eyed with no other variation — the number of individuals of different characteristics possible would be 27 .
( the mildly mathematically-minded reader will appreciate that if only four genes are considered , each providing a simple [other option] — as if all children were blue eyed or brown eyed with no other variation — the number of individuals of different characteristics possible would be 27 .

In his first Report to the Governors , Daniels noted that it was difficult to teach three languages , and so he had made German alternative to Latin in the Upper School , and French alternative in the Lower . ``
in his first report to the governors , daniels noted that it was difficult to teach three languages , and so he had made german [other option] to latin in the upper school , and french [other option] in the lower . ``

Having spent hours daydreaming about Portugal and Dom João , she had given scarcely a thought to the alternative .
having spent hours daydreaming about portugal and dom joão , she had given scarcely a thought to the [other option] .

Roscarrock could ill afford it , but short of putting the child out in the street he had little alternative ; so they struck hands on it , and that evening , when the money had been paid over and a receipt obtained , Tristram returned home in the company of Jennifer Gristy to be greeted by his father 's stinging sarcasm .
roscarrock could ill afford it , but short of putting the child out in the street he had little [other option] ; so they struck hands on it , and that evening , when the money had been paid over and a receipt obtained , tristram returned home in the company of jennifer gristy to be greeted by his father 's stinging sarcasm .

Blocked by the Republican Congress , Truman appeared powerless and some leading Democrats approached General Eisenhower as an alternative candidate .
blocked by the republican congress , truman appeared powerless and some leading democrats approached general eisenhower as an [other option] candidate .

Although aware that Chiang 's regime was both inefficient and corrupt , Washington saw no alternative — in view of American public opinion — to a continued policy of aiding the Nationalists .
although aware that chiang 's regime was both inefficient and corrupt , washington saw no [other option] — in view of american public opinion — to a continued policy of aiding the nationalists .

The President now had no alternative but Federal action if the law was to be upheld , and he sent 1000 paratroops to occupy the school and its surroundings .
the president now had no [other option] but federal action if the law was to be upheld , and he sent 1000 paratroops to occupy the school and its surroundings .

In their efforts to present a clear-cut conservative alternative to the liberal Democrats , the Republicans chose a candidate from the far right wing of the party , Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona .
in their efforts to present a clear-cut conservative [other option] to the liberal democrats , the republicans chose a candidate from the far right wing of the party , senator barry goldwater of arizona .

This is the parallel to ( 2.10.1.12 ) ; as before , we can , if we wish , use g as given by ( 7 ) for alternative treatment , but we shall not pursue this here .
this is the parallel to ( 2.10.1.12 ) ; as before , we can , if we wish , use g as given by ( 7 ) for [other option] treatment , but we shall not pursue this here .

Although these are not paraphrases , they can be regarded as stylistic variants in a more liberal sense : as alternative conceptualizations , or ways of `` making sense `` of the same event .
although these are not paraphrases , they can be regarded as stylistic variants in a more liberal sense : as [other option] conceptualizations , or ways of `` making sense `` of the same event .

An alternative method , useful in some cases , is to express frequency in terms of the ratio of occurrences of one category to occurrences of another : for example , the ratio of nouns to adjectives .
an [other option] method , useful in some cases , is to express frequency in terms of the ratio of occurrences of one category to occurrences of another : for example , the ratio of nouns to adjectives .

We have noticed that Lawrence uses few pronouns , and to some extent the definite article may be seen as an alternative device of cross-reference , less ambiguous , because it is accompanied by a noun identifying a previous reference .
we have noticed that lawrence uses few pronouns , and to some extent the definite article may be seen as an [other option] device of cross-reference , less ambiguous , because it is accompanied by a noun identifying a previous reference .

Opened is not a stylistic alternative to shut , nor bang to click , because they describe a different event from that which the author chose to describe .
opened is not a stylistic [other option] to shut , nor bang to click , because they describe a different event from that which the author chose to describe .

Some of the revisions are relatively trivial , but collectively , they show that the principle of stylistic variation — that there can be alternative ways of saying " the same thing " — can explain much that goes into the process of literary composition , as well as much that is involved in the reader 's interpretation of the text .
some of the revisions are relatively trivial , but collectively , they show that the principle of stylistic variation — that there can be [other option] ways of saying " the same thing " — can explain much that goes into the process of literary composition , as well as much that is involved in the reader 's interpretation of the text .

For what is the alternative ?
for what is the [other option] ?

True , no set of children or of circumstances is entirely like any other , but then nor are they entirely different ; nor do we need to postulate , as the only alternative to a whole set of materials being produced centrally , that every item should be made locally .
true , no set of children or of circumstances is entirely like any other , but then nor are they entirely different ; nor do we need to postulate , as the only [other option] to a whole set of materials being produced centrally , that every item should be made locally .

This risk can be lessened by recourse to the alternative method of transferring surpluses , which uses the `` senatorial rules `` so called originally because of their use in elections to a small number of senates including the Senate of the Republic of Ireland .
this risk can be lessened by recourse to the [other option] method of transferring surpluses , which uses the `` senatorial rules `` so called originally because of their use in elections to a small number of senates including the senate of the republic of ireland .

He sold on , securing an alternative reservation .
he sold on , securing an [other option] reservation .

It should not be thought that Unionists enjoyed such a situation , for they certainly did not , but nor can it be suggested that they saw any real alternative , for in truth the basis of agreement on which parliamentary government `` rested had all but broken down .
it should not be thought that unionists enjoyed such a situation , for they certainly did not , but nor can it be suggested that they saw any real [other option] , for in truth the basis of agreement on which parliamentary government `` rested had all but broken down .

However , his candidature in 1911 had been aided by three factors : he was a Conservative rather than a Liberal Unionist , but he was the sort of Conservative who would be acceptable to Liberal Unionists as well ; he was a diehard in opinion , but he had remained loyal to Balfour 's policy throughout the recent twists and turns ; and he had staked a claim by his abandonment of his safe London seat to fight North-West Manchester in December 1910 ( at no real risk , for an alternative safe seat was always available to him if and when he lost ) .
however , his candidature in 1911 had been aided by three factors : he was a conservative rather than a liberal unionist , but he was the sort of conservative who would be acceptable to liberal unionists as well ; he was a diehard in opinion , but he had remained loyal to balfour 's policy throughout the recent twists and turns ; and he had staked a claim by his abandonment of his safe london seat to fight north-west manchester in december 1910 ( at no real risk , for an [other option] safe seat was always available to him if and when he lost ) .

He played a vital role because the Lords were central to Unionist tactics and because the only alternative leaders there — Selborne or Curzon — had each alienated some Unionist peers by their actions in 1911 .
he played a vital role because the lords were central to unionist tactics and because the only [other option] leaders there — selborne or curzon — had each alienated some unionist peers by their actions in 1911 .

The post-war coalition thus had two distinct justifications , a positive sense of what could be done and a negative dread of the alternative .
the post-war coalition thus had two distinct justifications , a positive sense of what could be done and a negative dread of the [other option] .

Maurice Cowling has suggested that Law 's resignation was tactical , that he could not face reconciling his party to the coming Irish negotiations , and that he was giving up office so as to be available as an alternative to coalition in the future ; in Gaullist terms he was becoming a Prime Minister `` in the reserve of the republic `` .
maurice cowling has suggested that law 's resignation was tactical , that he could not face reconciling his party to the coming irish negotiations , and that he was giving up office so as to be available as an [other option] to coalition in the future ; in gaullist terms he was becoming a prime minister `` in the reserve of the republic `` .

Having no alternative , Fiver accompanied Hazel and Bigwig to the burrow where Hazel had spent the previous night .
having no [other option] , fiver accompanied hazel and bigwig to the burrow where hazel had spent the previous night .

At that moment of experimental interrogation it must choose the stark alternative of one or the other .
at that moment of experimental interrogation it must choose the stark [other option] of one or the other .

It provides an alternative and bizarre answer to the question `` Which way did it go ? ``
it provides an [other option] and bizarre answer to the question `` which way did it go ? ``

In later life Bohr tended to exalt this useful observation of alternative and mutually exclusive descriptions into a grand philosophical principle .
in later life bohr tended to exalt this useful observation of [other option] and mutually exclusive descriptions into a grand philosophical principle .

However , the eventual transference from the classical curriculum to a modern alternative , and the enhancement of English and Englishness which was one of its major products , drew on the raw materials provided by the scholarly work of the middle decades of the nineteenth century .
however , the eventual transference from the classical curriculum to a modern [other option] , and the enhancement of english and englishness which was one of its major products , drew on the raw materials provided by the scholarly work of the middle decades of the nineteenth century .

Claims that English in education could offer some more or less democratic alternative to popular culture began to appear immediately after the war .
claims that english in education could offer some more or less democratic [other option] to popular culture began to appear immediately after the war .

By the late 1960s , and even more forcefully from the middle 1970s , an alternative `` stance for combat `` had been successfully developed . ``
by the late 1960s , and even more forcefully from the middle 1970s , an [other option] `` stance for combat `` had been successfully developed . ``

At the same time , those attentive to issues of national and international development raised the question of whether the strategy for participation of women in the media should concentrate on getting women into mainstream media or creating ‘ alternative ’ media institutions to serve the interests of women and meet the communication needs unserved by male-controlled media .
at the same time , those attentive to issues of national and international development raised the question of whether the strategy for participation of women in the media should concentrate on getting women into mainstream media or creating ‘ [other option] ’ media institutions to serve the interests of women and meet the communication needs unserved by male-controlled media .

The use of alternative media , when sustained , has indeed had an impact on women 's knowledge and skills and is capable of reaching significant numbers of local women .
the use of [other option] media , when sustained , has indeed had an impact on women 's knowledge and skills and is capable of reaching significant numbers of local women .

But these have been relatively rare phenomena , with small , alternative media constantly struggling to survive and dependent on financial support from donor agencies due to women 's inability to pay for such information flows .
but these have been relatively rare phenomena , with small , [other option] media constantly struggling to survive and dependent on financial support from donor agencies due to women 's inability to pay for such information flows .

An alternative view of women
an [other option] view of women

‘ In Her Own Image offers an alternative view on the lives of women ’ writes Anne Lieberman , the Project Director .
‘ in her own image offers an [other option] view on the lives of women ’ writes anne lieberman , the project director .

These considerations may then lead to an emphasis on training in alternative journalism and to the demand for alternative media and a concomitant emphasis on media education .
these considerations may then lead to an emphasis on training in [other option] journalism and to the demand for [other option] media and a concomitant emphasis on media education .

There are already a number of church-based , alternative news agencies in Latin America , but most cover one particular area of the region .
there are already a number of church-based , [other option] news agencies in latin america , but most cover one particular area of the region .

Groups and agencies support the Asian Ecumenical News Service , an alternative news agency in the region .
groups and agencies support the asian ecumenical news service , an [other option] news agency in the region .

The churches and communication centres support the grassroots initiatives in the development of an alternative mode of communication .
the churches and communication centres support the grassroots initiatives in the development of an [other option] mode of communication .

We recognise the need to strengthen the voices of those in North America who are marginalised by the dominant culture and to provide access for their participation in both mass and alternative media .
we recognise the need to strengthen the voices of those in north america who are marginalised by the dominant culture and to provide access for their participation in both mass and [other option] media .

Creating a People 's Alternative in Video is the title of a booklet aimed at helping grassroots activists to produce their own videos .
creating a people 's [other option] in video is the title of a booklet aimed at helping grassroots activists to produce their own videos .

Creating a People 's Alternative in Video ( paperback , 51 pages ) is available from the Jumani Foundation , 63 Thakorbhai Towers , Veer Kinariwala Marg , Ahmedabad-380 006 , India . Tel ( 272 ) 403 832
creating a people 's [other option] in video ( paperback , 51 pages ) is available from the jumani foundation , 63 thakorbhai towers , veer kinariwala marg , ahmedabad-380 006 , india . tel ( 272 ) 403 832

Gemini 's aim was to ‘ decolonise ’ world news and to provide an alternative to reports written by western journalists for western readers .
gemini 's aim was to ‘ decolonise ’ world news and to provide an [other option] to reports written by western journalists for western readers .

At first , the Christian Democrats are thought to have put forward Giorgio De Marchis , a noted specialist in twentieth-century Italian art , as their alternative nominee .
at first , the christian democrats are thought to have put forward giorgio de marchis , a noted specialist in twentieth-century italian art , as their [other option] nominee .

The budding Academy sees itself as an alternative to established institutions such as Berlin 's Akademie der Künste whose ongoing merger of the West and East branches , beset by political wrangling , has alienated many artists ( see The Art Newspaper No.17 , April 1992 , p.3 ) .
the budding academy sees itself as an [other option] to established institutions such as berlin 's akademie der künste whose ongoing merger of the west and east branches , beset by political wrangling , has alienated many artists ( see the art newspaper no.17 , april 1992 , p.3 ) .

Other non-government organisations ( NGOs ) such as the Small Projects Assistance Team in Dominica and the Association of Development Agencies in Jamaica use alternative media such as booklets and video productions as part of their work .
other non-government organisations ( ngos ) such as the small projects assistance team in dominica and the association of development agencies in jamaica use [other option] media such as booklets and video productions as part of their work .

Each one of the numerous NGOs which use alternative media have access to the newsletter Cross Over , published quarterly by the Caribbean Institute of Mass Communication .
each one of the numerous ngos which use [other option] media have access to the newsletter cross over , published quarterly by the caribbean institute of mass communication .

… and gives it a hammering in his alternative mode as batsman
… and gives it a hammering in his [other option] mode as batsman

These examples show that the value of what is at stake and the availability of alternative remedies can both have an effect on the likelihood that the courts will be asked to review particular government decisions .
these examples show that the value of what is at stake and the availability of [other option] remedies can both have an effect on the likelihood that the courts will be asked to review particular government decisions .

It has been held , for example , that a gypsy living on a caravan site provided by a local authority under statute has sufficient interest to challenge a decision by the authority no longer to provide the site or any alternative ; and to challenge a decision by the Minister not to exercise his statutory default power .
it has been held , for example , that a gypsy living on a caravan site provided by a local authority under statute has sufficient interest to challenge a decision by the authority no longer to provide the site or any [other option] ; and to challenge a decision by the minister not to exercise his statutory default power .

An alternative to the award of an injunction for protecting the interests of applicants pending trial is to allow claims to be made for monetary compensation for loss inflicted by governmental action .
an [other option] to the award of an injunction for protecting the interests of applicants pending trial is to allow claims to be made for monetary compensation for loss inflicted by governmental action .

Our main concern in this book is with the supervisory jurisdiction , but brief consideration of the effect of alternative remedies on the original ( and appellate ) jurisdiction of the courts is not out of place .
our main concern in this book is with the supervisory jurisdiction , but brief consideration of the effect of [other option] remedies on the original ( and appellate ) jurisdiction of the courts is not out of place .

Implied Ouster by Alternative Remedies
implied ouster by [other option] remedies

If the applicant for a judicial remedy could have pursued a non-judicial remedy but has failed to do so , this may give a court a ground for refusing a judicial remedy : the law requires the ‘ exhaustion of alternative remedies ’ as it is sometimes put .
if the applicant for a judicial remedy could have pursued a non-judicial remedy but has failed to do so , this may give a court a ground for refusing a judicial remedy : the law requires the ‘ exhaustion of [other option] remedies ’ as it is sometimes put .

This , being a common law principle , can be displaced by statutory provision preserving judicial remedies despite the existence of alternative non-judicial remedies .
this , being a common law principle , can be displaced by statutory provision preserving judicial remedies despite the existence of [other option] non-judicial remedies .

There are two different ways in which the existence of an alternative remedy can affect the availability of judicial remedies : it might entirely preclude the award of a judicial remedy , or it might give the court a discretion to refuse a ( discretionary ) remedy if it thinks that the alternative remedy is adequate .
there are two different ways in which the existence of an [other option] remedy can affect the availability of judicial remedies : it might entirely preclude the award of a judicial remedy , or it might give the court a discretion to refuse a ( discretionary ) remedy if it thinks that the [other option] remedy is adequate .

The most common type of alternative remedy is an appeal to a higher level within the decision-making body ( for example , from a government official to the Secretary of State ) , or to some external body such as a tribunal .
the most common type of [other option] remedy is an appeal to a higher level within the decision-making body ( for example , from a government official to the secretary of state ) , or to some external body such as a tribunal .

There is authority for the proposition that the mere existence of an alternative remedy will not oust such jurisdiction ; in other words , the existence of the alternative gives the court a discretion whether or not to award a remedy .
there is authority for the proposition that the mere existence of an [other option] remedy will not oust such jurisdiction ; in other words , the existence of the [other option] gives the court a discretion whether or not to award a remedy .

On the other hand , there are cases in which the existence of an alternative remedy seems not to have given rise to a discretion to refuse a remedy but to have operated as an absolute bar to the award of a judicial remedy .
on the other hand , there are cases in which the existence of an [other option] remedy seems not to have given rise to a discretion to refuse a remedy but to have operated as an absolute bar to the award of a judicial remedy .

It has also been held that where the right which the applicant seeks to protect by action in a court was created by the same statute as provided the ( alternative ) remedy for its protection , the statutory remedy is the only one available .
it has also been held that where the right which the applicant seeks to protect by action in a court was created by the same statute as provided the ( [other option] ) remedy for its protection , the statutory remedy is the only one available .

The cases perhaps support the principle that an alternative remedy will oust judicial jurisdiction if it performs the same function as the available judicial remedy ; but if it performs a different function , the court will have a discretion to refuse a remedy .
the cases perhaps support the principle that an [other option] remedy will oust judicial jurisdiction if it performs the same function as the available judicial remedy ; but if it performs a different function , the court will have a discretion to refuse a remedy .

The basic principle here is that since judicial review remedies are discretionary , they will not be awarded if an equally or more ‘ convenient , beneficial and effectual ’ alternative remedy is available .
the basic principle here is that since judicial review remedies are discretionary , they will not be awarded if an equally or more ‘ convenient , beneficial and effectual ’ [other option] remedy is available .

But it is clear that the mere existence of an alternative remedy does not oust judicial review .
but it is clear that the mere existence of an [other option] remedy does not oust judicial review .

On the other hand , recent cases contain statements to the effect that judicial review will be allowed in the face of an alternative remedy ‘ only in exceptional cases ’ .
on the other hand , recent cases contain statements to the effect that judicial review will be allowed in the face of an [other option] remedy ‘ only in exceptional cases ’ .

It has been argued that judicial review should never be refused because of the existence of an alternative remedy if the applicant can establish a ground for judicial review .
it has been argued that judicial review should never be refused because of the existence of an [other option] remedy if the applicant can establish a ground for judicial review .

But this approach seems unnecessarily rigid in cases where the matters which would give grounds for judicial review could also be resolved by the alternative process .
but this approach seems unnecessarily rigid in cases where the matters which would give grounds for judicial review could also be resolved by the [other option] process .

On the other hand , it may be that in practice a court would not refuse judicial review in a case of seriously illegal action even if an alternative remedy was available .
on the other hand , it may be that in practice a court would not refuse judicial review in a case of seriously illegal action even if an [other option] remedy was available .

In practice , the preference for alternative remedies makes judicial review of little importance except in cases where there is no alternative .
in practice , the preference for [other option] remedies makes judicial review of little importance except in cases where there is no [other option] .

In a case where a court does have a discretion whether or not to award a judicial remedy despite the existence of an alternative non-judicial remedy , what factors are relevant to deciding how to exercise that discretion ?
in a case where a court does have a discretion whether or not to award a judicial remedy despite the existence of an [other option] non-judicial remedy , what factors are relevant to deciding how to exercise that discretion ?

Secondly , even if the applicant has not sought the alternative remedy , judicial review may still be allowed if the applicant alleges malice on the part of the decision-maker ; or if the court thinks that the applicant 's interest in the action is of such importance that it deserves judicial protection : an example would be personal liberty .
secondly , even if the applicant has not sought the [other option] remedy , judicial review may still be allowed if the applicant alleges malice on the part of the decision-maker ; or if the court thinks that the applicant 's interest in the action is of such importance that it deserves judicial protection : an example would be personal liberty .

Thirdly , a court might decline to allow judicial review if it thought that the alternative dispute-settling body possessed relevant expertise which the court lacked ; or , fourthly , if the case raised issues which could be considered by the alternative body but not by the court on judicial review ; or , fifthly , if the alternative body 's procedure was better suited to resolving the case than judicial review procedure .
thirdly , a court might decline to allow judicial review if it thought that the [other option] dispute-settling body possessed relevant expertise which the court lacked ; or , fourthly , if the case raised issues which could be considered by the [other option] body but not by the court on judicial review ; or , fifthly , if the [other option] body 's procedure was better suited to resolving the case than judicial review procedure .

Also , the factors identified above as relevant to deciding the effect of alternative remedies may be relevant to deciding what effect to give to a statutory ouster clause which is open to more than one interpretation .
also , the factors identified above as relevant to deciding the effect of [other option] remedies may be relevant to deciding what effect to give to a statutory ouster clause which is open to more than one interpretation .

So far as alternative remedies are concerned , if the alternative is provided by statute then deference to Parliamentary intention can be called in aid of requiring recourse to the alternative .
so far as [other option] remedies are concerned , if the [other option] is provided by statute then deference to parliamentary intention can be called in aid of requiring recourse to the [other option] .

But alternative remedies also raise quite directly questions about the suitability of the judicial process as opposed other avenues open for the control of governmental action .
but [other option] remedies also raise quite directly questions about the suitability of the judicial process as opposed other avenues open for the control of governmental action .

For example , if an application for a judicial review remedy raises politically contentious matters , a court might be inclined to say that an alternative political form of control , such as a ministerial default power , is the only one available .
for example , if an application for a judicial review remedy raises politically contentious matters , a court might be inclined to say that an [other option] political form of control , such as a ministerial default power , is the only one available .

Once again , judicial views about the function and importance of judicial remedies , even if unexpressed , are bound to underlie decisions about the effect of alternative remedies .
once again , judicial views about the function and importance of judicial remedies , even if unexpressed , are bound to underlie decisions about the effect of [other option] remedies .

But before doing so , it should be noted that although the discussion so far has treated procedure by writ or summons in the High Court as the relevant alternative to Ord .
but before doing so , it should be noted that although the discussion so far has treated procedure by writ or summons in the high court as the relevant [other option] to ord .

53 procedure , this is not the only possible alternative .
53 procedure , this is not the only possible [other option] .

But the general thrust of the above discussion is relevant to all such cases : whatever the alternative to Ord .
but the general thrust of the above discussion is relevant to all such cases : whatever the [other option] to ord .

53 make it inappropriate to use the alternative in the particular case in question .
53 make it inappropriate to use the [other option] in the particular case in question .

53 procedure ; conversely , claims based on private law rights may well raise no such issues — which is why originating summons procedure is available as an alternative to writ procedure for claims brought outside Ord .
53 procedure ; conversely , claims based on private law rights may well raise no such issues — which is why originating summons procedure is available as an [other option] to writ procedure for claims brought outside ord .

Communication Processes : Alternative Channels and Strategies for Development Support is a collection of papers presented at a seminar in Kenya on development communication .
communication processes : [other option] channels and strategies for development support is a collection of papers presented at a seminar in kenya on development communication .

But political changes in several countries have opened up opportunities for alternative broadcasting channels .
but political changes in several countries have opened up opportunities for [other option] broadcasting channels .

In addition , the participants emphasised the vital role of alternative media , such as street theatre and traditional song , and agreed that these should also find an outlet through the mainstream media .
in addition , the participants emphasised the vital role of [other option] media , such as street theatre and traditional song , and agreed that these should also find an outlet through the mainstream media .

Professional education : alternative approaches
professional education : [other option] approaches

encouraging alternative communication including drama , music , art and popular press and the use of audio and video cassettes to promote socio-political education on developmental issues and human rights ;
encouraging [other option] communication including drama , music , art and popular press and the use of audio and video cassettes to promote socio-political education on developmental issues and human rights ;

Women 's alternative media
women 's [other option] media

One of the most significant developments in the past decade has been the growth of women 's alternative media .
one of the most significant developments in the past decade has been the growth of women 's [other option] media .

Women 's leadership and their training in alternative communication skills when addressing some of these concerns are crucial for the entire development process .
women 's leadership and their training in [other option] communication skills when addressing some of these concerns are crucial for the entire development process .

We are also deeply opposed to the violence of the Western response , the initiation of war before all alternative possibilities had been exhausted , the way in which the presentation of his war conceals the real effects upon civilian society an the manipulation of the United Nations on behalf of a small number of states , instead of an instrument of peace and security on behalf of the whole world community .
we are also deeply opposed to the violence of the western response , the initiation of war before all [other option] possibilities had been exhausted , the way in which the presentation of his war conceals the real effects upon civilian society an the manipulation of the united nations on behalf of a small number of states , instead of an instrument of peace and security on behalf of the whole world community .

The alternative candidate for the honour of being the liberal theory of contracts insists that obligations should only arise in order to discourage and compensate harm to the interests of others .
the [other option] candidate for the honour of being the liberal theory of contracts insists that obligations should only arise in order to discourage and compensate harm to the interests of others .

By preventing management from straying outside their competence fiduciary duties act as an alternative mechanism to the internal organization of power within the company for forcing managers to maximize profits .
by preventing management from straying outside their competence fiduciary duties act as an [other option] mechanism to the internal organization of power within the company for forcing managers to maximize profits .

An alternative to this view is that corporate managers use their expertise to help define and implement the broad purpose of the organization , which is assumed to be that of furthering the public interest .
an [other option] to this view is that corporate managers use their expertise to help define and implement the broad purpose of the organization , which is assumed to be that of furthering the public interest .

Thus alternative external market constraints on managerial behaviour are isolated ; or proposals are made reasserting the potency of the internal structure of the company as a means of preventing abuse of the discretion exercised by corporate managers .
thus [other option] external market constraints on managerial behaviour are isolated ; or proposals are made reasserting the potency of the internal structure of the company as a means of preventing abuse of the discretion exercised by corporate managers .

If we are troubled by the fact that the corporatist countervision we find hinted at in the legal materials might become simply a mask behind which corporate managers exercise unconstrained economic and social power , an alternative avenue for research is available to us .
if we are troubled by the fact that the corporatist countervision we find hinted at in the legal materials might become simply a mask behind which corporate managers exercise unconstrained economic and social power , an [other option] avenue for research is available to us .

Formal justice as an alternative offers openness , ostensible neutrality , and rules .
formal justice as an [other option] offers openness , ostensible neutrality , and rules .

One of Kelsen 's most puzzling doctrines , namely the alternative character of the norm , is vindicated by the criminal law once it is appreciated that every criminal law allows of cases of just excuse .
one of kelsen 's most puzzling doctrines , namely the [other option] character of the norm , is vindicated by the criminal law once it is appreciated that every criminal law allows of cases of just excuse .

When you first choice hotel is full you will be offered an alternative .
when you first choice hotel is full you will be offered an [other option] .

Whilst Amsterdam is undoubtedly the most renowned short break destination , the Hague and Delft offer a delightful short break alternative .
whilst amsterdam is undoubtedly the most renowned short break destination , the hague and delft offer a delightful short break [other option] .

However , it is only payable in respect of the time that you are actually waiting at the airport , hoverport or seaport and ceases as soon as you board any alternative conveyance , including train or coach .
however , it is only payable in respect of the time that you are actually waiting at the airport , hoverport or seaport and ceases as soon as you board any [other option] conveyance , including train or coach .

When advertised departure times are fully booked , alternative times will be confirmed .
when advertised departure times are fully booked , [other option] times will be confirmed .

It is no alternative to adequate insurance cover .
it is no [other option] to adequate insurance cover .

You will be offered alternative travel routing or timings or alternative hotel and you have the option ( a ) to proceed with these revised arrangements or ( b ) cancel the holiday and receive a full refund if your holiday has not yet begun and in either event receive compensation as above .
you will be offered [other option] travel routing or timings or [other option] hotel and you have the option ( a ) to proceed with these revised arrangements or ( b ) cancel the holiday and receive a full refund if your holiday has not yet begun and in either event receive compensation as above .

If confirmed transport is cancelled , changed or delayed by more than six hours or hotel is changed or if we are unable to provide you with the services as confirmed to you by us at the time of booking due to war , threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , disaster , fire , flood ( including fire or flood in hotels ) or bad weather we can not accept liability or responsibility and compensation is not payable but provided the holiday has not begun we will offer alternative travel routing or alternative travel date or alternative hotel and advise additional cost if any or you may elect to cancel and we will offer a full refund of monies paid .
if confirmed transport is cancelled , changed or delayed by more than six hours or hotel is changed or if we are unable to provide you with the services as confirmed to you by us at the time of booking due to war , threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , disaster , fire , flood ( including fire or flood in hotels ) or bad weather we can not accept liability or responsibility and compensation is not payable but provided the holiday has not begun we will offer [other option] travel routing or [other option] travel date or [other option] hotel and advise additional cost if any or you may elect to cancel and we will offer a full refund of monies paid .

One looks in vain for an alternative vision of the State 's role in relation to the arts .
one looks in vain for an [other option] vision of the state 's role in relation to the arts .

Alternative media promoted in Asia-Pacific
[other option] media promoted in asia-pacific

The organisers hope to encourage participants to create networks for the exchange of information on the development and use of alternative media .
the organisers hope to encourage participants to create networks for the exchange of information on the development and use of [other option] media .

They include activists who have successfully experimented with alternative media ; development programme policy-makers from both government and non-government sectors ; representatives of non-government organisations working in grassroots areas ; and communication professionals and researchers .
they include activists who have successfully experimented with [other option] media ; development programme policy-makers from both government and non-government sectors ; representatives of non-government organisations working in grassroots areas ; and communication professionals and researchers .

The book would include issues such as traditional values and ethics , the new information technologies , the African Charter and national communication policies , women in traditional and modern communication environments , ethnic and cultural minorities , participatory and alternative ways of communication for human rights , media education , and the legal foundations of the right to communicate .
the book would include issues such as traditional values and ethics , the new information technologies , the african charter and national communication policies , women in traditional and modern communication environments , ethnic and cultural minorities , participatory and [other option] ways of communication for human rights , media education , and the legal foundations of the right to communicate .

The Schneiderei 's six-member managing committee of writers , musicians and visual artists ( Margaret Bozionek , Heinz Conrads , Jutta Rinas , Ingrid Roscheck , Manos Tsangaris and Thomas Witzmann ) abhor the description ‘ alternative ’ , but the collective 's soft-sell policy by which works are sold to further the gallery 's own activities rather than for profit has helped it to weather the uneasy times faced by traditional commercial galleries .
the schneiderei 's six-member managing committee of writers , musicians and visual artists ( margaret bozionek , heinz conrads , jutta rinas , ingrid roscheck , manos tsangaris and thomas witzmann ) abhor the description ‘ [other option] ’ , but the collective 's soft-sell policy by which works are sold to further the gallery 's own activities rather than for profit has helped it to weather the uneasy times faced by traditional commercial galleries .

‘ We train ‘ alternative ’ photographers at our centres in Puno , Cuzco and Lima , and encourage the use of photos in grassroot and mass media , and in schools and community groups .
‘ we train ‘ [other option] ’ photographers at our centres in puno , cuzco and lima , and encourage the use of photos in grassroot and mass media , and in schools and community groups .

Certainly if you have to create anything other than mild pain in order to stop your thoughts you must not continue but rather find an alternative technique of distraction .
certainly if you have to create anything other than mild pain in order to stop your thoughts you must not continue but rather find an [other option] technique of distraction .

The impression is given that , rather than being positively valued for its autonomy , housework is negatively valued as a retreat from a disliked alternative — employment work . This is a common feature of many responses :
the impression is given that , rather than being positively valued for its autonomy , housework is negatively valued as a retreat from a disliked [other option] — employment work . this is a common feature of many responses :

The case of bakery workers provides a parallel : ‘ For those trying to survive , empty stretches of time must be structured , and an alternative content — some psychological colour — must be injected into the present in order to make it tolerable ’ .
the case of bakery workers provides a parallel : ‘ for those trying to survive , empty stretches of time must be structured , and an [other option] content — some psychological colour — must be injected into the present in order to make it tolerable ’ .

’ and the assessment of work satisfaction led to an explanation of these responses as ( in part ) expressive of norms to do with feminine domesticity and as indicative of two alternative approaches to housework : the search for satisfaction and the recognition of dissatisfaction .
’ and the assessment of work satisfaction led to an explanation of these responses as ( in part ) expressive of norms to do with feminine domesticity and as indicative of two [other option] approaches to housework : the search for satisfaction and the recognition of dissatisfaction .

Alternative media promoted in Asia-Pacific
[other option] media promoted in asia-pacific

The organisers hope to encourage participants to create networks for the exchange of information on the development and use of alternative media .
the organisers hope to encourage participants to create networks for the exchange of information on the development and use of [other option] media .

They include activists who have successfully experimented with alternative media ; development programme policy-makers from both government and non-government sectors ; representatives of non-government organisations working in grassroots areas ; and communication professionals and researchers .
they include activists who have successfully experimented with [other option] media ; development programme policy-makers from both government and non-government sectors ; representatives of non-government organisations working in grassroots areas ; and communication professionals and researchers .

The book would include issues such as traditional values and ethics , the new information technologies , the African Charter and national communication policies , women in traditional and modern communication environments , ethnic and cultural minorities , participatory and alternative ways of communication for human rights , media education , and the legal foundations of the right to communicate .
the book would include issues such as traditional values and ethics , the new information technologies , the african charter and national communication policies , women in traditional and modern communication environments , ethnic and cultural minorities , participatory and [other option] ways of communication for human rights , media education , and the legal foundations of the right to communicate .

An alternative method of distribution is to use one of the agencies which specialist in the delivery of media releases . These include :
an [other option] method of distribution is to use one of the agencies which specialist in the delivery of media releases . these include :

An alternative method is to have a stock of sample material in or near your own office .
an [other option] method is to have a stock of sample material in or near your own office .

It might therefore be worth considering the alternative of independent production and printing , relying on editorial mention for distribution .
it might therefore be worth considering the [other option] of independent production and printing , relying on editorial mention for distribution .

7 Statement that there is no cash alternative .
7 statement that there is no cash [other option] .

Colleges without adequate halls of residence may offer a second-best alternative in which they lease property directly from landlords and then sublet to students .
colleges without adequate halls of residence may offer a second-best [other option] in which they lease property directly from landlords and then sublet to students .

Again , other homeless people from the council waiting list may be offered such property , however inadequate , as an alternative to `` bed and breakfast `` accommodation .
again , other homeless people from the council waiting list may be offered such property , however inadequate , as an [other option] to `` bed and breakfast `` accommodation .

Tony Buzan recommends an exciting alternative approach to note-taking .
tony buzan recommends an exciting [other option] approach to note-taking .

Utilize relevant concepts , alternative theories and perspectives .
utilize relevant concepts , [other option] theories and perspectives .

Develop an appropriate structure/outline of your essay You may develop alternative structures and then combine them .
develop an appropriate structure/outline of your essay you may develop [other option] structures and then combine them .

They use alternative , but equally valid , methods of thinking to arrive at their answers .
they use [other option] , but equally valid , methods of thinking to arrive at their answers .

Sometimes it helps to produce two or three alternative structures , embodying quite different approaches to the same material .
sometimes it helps to produce two or three [other option] structures , embodying quite different approaches to the same material .

( a ) which describes the alternative methods you considered before deciding how to tackle the problem ; and ( b ) which says which method you finally adopted — and why .
( a ) which describes the [other option] methods you considered before deciding how to tackle the problem ; and ( b ) which says which method you finally adopted — and why .

Changing your diet , rather than dieting , is a healthier alternative .
changing your diet , rather than dieting , is a healthier [other option] .

Alternative , though far less common terms for rugs of dozar size .
[other option] , though far less common terms for rugs of dozar size .

Sometimes used as an alternative expression for the field , but generally applied to the underlying or background colour of any part of the rug ( e.g. , a blue-ground border ) .
sometimes used as an [other option] expression for the field , but generally applied to the underlying or background colour of any part of the rug ( e.g. , a blue-ground border ) .

Mori Bokharas may also be referred to by a number of alternative names ( including Jaldar , Kafkazi — pl .
mori bokharas may also be referred to by a number of [other option] names ( including jaldar , kafkazi — pl .

Chapters 4 and 5 analyse in greater depth two common alternative regulatory frameworks , state control and rate regulation , building upon the early material .
chapters 4 and 5 analyse in greater depth two common [other option] regulatory frameworks , state control and rate regulation , building upon the early material .

There is a wider set of natural monopolies sustainable as natural monopolies either with specific pricing policies or in some cases under a wide range of pricing policies , given alternative assumptions regarding entry .
there is a wider set of natural monopolies sustainable as natural monopolies either with specific pricing policies or in some cases under a wide range of pricing policies , given [other option] assumptions regarding entry .

Really , this is another way of saying that capital is sunk , but for a short period of time , because whilst the plane is in use it is not available for alternative flights .
really , this is another way of saying that capital is sunk , but for a short period of time , because whilst the plane is in use it is not available for [other option] flights .

The former depend for their structure upon the costs of alternative means of supply , whereas the latter , as we have seen , depend upon marginal costs and upon demand elasticities .
the former depend for their structure upon the costs of [other option] means of supply , whereas the latter , as we have seen , depend upon marginal costs and upon demand elasticities .

Ramsey-optimal prices are not concerned with alternative means of supply : hence they are in principle susceptible to competitive entry .
ramsey-optimal prices are not concerned with [other option] means of supply : hence they are in principle susceptible to competitive entry .

Thus in chapters 4 to 6 we discuss alternative institutional structures .
thus in chapters 4 to 6 we discuss [other option] institutional structures .

In order to keep things manageable , section 3.1 is devoted entirely to explaining the external constraint structure bearing on a plc , while section 3.2 provides the comparisons between plc 's and alternative institutions .
in order to keep things manageable , section 3.1 is devoted entirely to explaining the external constraint structure bearing on a plc , while section 3.2 provides the comparisons between plc 's and [other option] institutions .

The managerial emolument and incentives discussion in section 3.3 starts in general terms and then moves to questions of alternative institutional structures .
the managerial emolument and incentives discussion in section 3.3 starts in general terms and then moves to questions of [other option] institutional structures .

The alternative for a manager if he does not like what is on offer in his present job is to move to a different one .
the [other option] for a manager if he does not like what is on offer in his present job is to move to a different one .

If so , and since any rise in factor prices above alternative use values or any rise in price above marginal cost causes a potential deadweight loss , the most obvious solution is for a price fixed at the level of marginal cost .
if so , and since any rise in factor prices above [other option] use values or any rise in price above marginal cost causes a potential deadweight loss , the most obvious solution is for a price fixed at the level of marginal cost .

( An equally acceptable alternative , on the stated criterion , would be perfect price discrimination practised on all consumers down to those willing to pay marginal cost . )
( an equally acceptable [other option] , on the stated criterion , would be perfect price discrimination practised on all consumers down to those willing to pay marginal cost . )

Therefore planning and the market mechanism are not alternative but are complementary .
therefore planning and the market mechanism are not [other option] but are complementary .

In sum , this brief discussion has demonstrated that there are positive reasons for state ownership and control ; it is not self-evidently an inferior alternative to state regulation .
in sum , this brief discussion has demonstrated that there are positive reasons for state ownership and control ; it is not self-evidently an inferior [other option] to state regulation .

Willig ( 1978 ) has proposed an alternative scheme which can make everyone at least as well off as under the average cost regime .
willig ( 1978 ) has proposed an [other option] scheme which can make everyone at least as well off as under the average cost regime .

Indeed , it may seem almost so obvious that the alternative interpretation is not consciously perceived at all .
indeed , it may seem almost so obvious that the [other option] interpretation is not consciously perceived at all .

However , this process is not completely reliable , and alternative methods are being investigated [ Tappert et al , 1990 ] .
however , this process is not completely reliable , and [other option] methods are being investigated [ tappert et al , 1990 ] .

An alternative approach is to define words according to the sentence contexts in which they occur . For example , Fillmore [ 1968 ] proposed the notion of a case grammar , in which each sentence was analysed into the cases attached to the verb :
an [other option] approach is to define words according to the sentence contexts in which they occur . for example , fillmore [ 1968 ] proposed the notion of a case grammar , in which each sentence was analysed into the cases attached to the verb :

Many researchers are currently engaged in the processing of dictionaries in order to extract semantic information and reconstruct it in an alternative ( more accessible ) form ; the objective often being the creation of lexicons for large-scale natural language processing .
many researchers are currently engaged in the processing of dictionaries in order to extract semantic information and reconstruct it in an [other option] ( more accessible ) form ; the objective often being the creation of lexicons for large-scale natural language processing .

— to represent competing alternative parses and account for garden path sentences with priming ;
— to represent competing [other option] parses and account for garden path sentences with priming ;

Using this approach it is not necessary to resolve alternative interpretations immediately — they may instead be maintained until their combination with other constraints produces in a single interpretation .
using this approach it is not necessary to resolve [other option] interpretations immediately — they may instead be maintained until their combination with other constraints produces in a single interpretation .

As an alternative , it is suggested that simpler techniques involving the processing of machine-readable dictionaries and data within the text itself are more practical , and offer better prospects for a successful implementation .
as an [other option] , it is suggested that simpler techniques involving the processing of machine-readable dictionaries and data within the text itself are more practical , and offer better prospects for a successful implementation .

So in word positions where there are a number of alternative candidates ( e.g .
so in word positions where there are a number of [other option] candidates ( e.g .

Definitional overlap uses dictionary definitions as a source of semantic knowledge , and follows a sequential comparison algorithm to select one from a number of alternative word candidates as being the most ’ semantically plausible ’ within that sentential context .
definitional overlap uses dictionary definitions as a source of semantic knowledge , and follows a sequential comparison algorithm to select one from a number of [other option] word candidates as being the most ’ semantically plausible ’ within that sentential context .

it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word in favour of alternative candidates within the domain of banking .
it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word in favour of [other option] candidates within the domain of banking .

it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word from alternative candidates within the domain of estate agents .
it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word from [other option] candidates within the domain of estate agents .

It follows therefore that if the domain is known , it may be advantageous to eliminate the alternative word senses from a definition so that processing focuses only on those that are relevant to the domain .
it follows therefore that if the domain is known , it may be advantageous to eliminate the [other option] word senses from a definition so that processing focuses only on those that are relevant to the domain .

This reduces the combinatorial explosion and decreases the potential for spurious overlaps through the co-incidence of alternative word senses .
this reduces the combinatorial explosion and decreases the potential for spurious overlaps through the co-incidence of [other option] word senses .

The technique has been adapted to suit the format of text recognition data , and has been shown to be effective as a means of identifying correct words from alternative candidates .
the technique has been adapted to suit the format of text recognition data , and has been shown to be effective as a means of identifying correct words from [other option] candidates .

In many word positions the overlap process was biased since the correct word appeared in the collocation dictionary whilst the alternative candidates did not . Only the fair comparisons should be submitted to statistical analysis , and these fall into two categories :
in many word positions the overlap process was biased since the correct word appeared in the collocation dictionary whilst the [other option] candidates did not . only the fair comparisons should be submitted to statistical analysis , and these fall into two categories :

In the pilot study , the collocational dictionary was very small , and therefore covered the just correct words ( being from the same domain ) and a few alternative candidates .
in the pilot study , the collocational dictionary was very small , and therefore covered the just correct words ( being from the same domain ) and a few [other option] candidates .

The result was that the ’ collocational overlap ’ technique made a significant contribution toward the identification of the correct words from the alternative candidates .
the result was that the ’ collocational overlap ’ technique made a significant contribution toward the identification of the correct words from the [other option] candidates .

Additionally , good coverage is required to process all the alternative candidates produced by a recognition system .
additionally , good coverage is required to process all the [other option] candidates produced by a recognition system .

However , this approach has severe limitations , since at any level there are alternative interpretations ( i.e .
however , this approach has severe limitations , since at any level there are [other option] interpretations ( i.e .

Many examples are to be found among local families , who probably had little practical alternative to accepting any change of lordship at Middleham .
many examples are to be found among local families , who probably had little practical [other option] to accepting any change of lordship at middleham .

His wife was a kinswoman of the earl 's councillor Sir John Pickering , which implies that Middleton did not see service to Gloucester as an alternative to Northumberland 's lordship .
his wife was a kinswoman of the earl 's councillor sir john pickering , which implies that middleton did not see service to gloucester as an [other option] to northumberland 's lordship .

Firstly , despite the functionalist tendencies already mentioned , The History of Sexuality does offer an alternative view of seeing the relationship between sexuality and wider social forces to the traditional functionalism of many ( particularly ) left interpretations , which tend to see a direct relationship between the nuclear family and organisation of sexuality , either in the interests of capitalism or as directly responsive to the urges of ‘ modernisation ’ .
firstly , despite the functionalist tendencies already mentioned , the history of sexuality does offer an [other option] view of seeing the relationship between sexuality and wider social forces to the traditional functionalism of many ( particularly ) left interpretations , which tend to see a direct relationship between the nuclear family and organisation of sexuality , either in the interests of capitalism or as directly responsive to the urges of ‘ modernisation ’ .

She suggests that hysteria was an alternative role option for women incapable of accepting their life situation in rigid family roles .
she suggests that hysteria was an [other option] role option for women incapable of accepting their life situation in rigid family roles .

Female domestic servants , for instance , who were often prevented by householders from having ‘ followers ’ ( which dictated caution , even secrecy when the alternative was dismissal ) , were often very vulnerable to being abandoned .
female domestic servants , for instance , who were often prevented by householders from having ‘ followers ’ ( which dictated caution , even secrecy when the [other option] was dismissal ) , were often very vulnerable to being abandoned .

She had no alternative .
she had no [other option] .

The extension is built around a central courtyard which enables ventilation as an alternative to air conditioning at a much lower cost .
the extension is built around a central courtyard which enables ventilation as an [other option] to air conditioning at a much lower cost .

It must also be emphasised that the honorary degree is in a category all its own and is not to be confused with the degree awarded after successful study ; it is not an alternative .
it must also be emphasised that the honorary degree is in a category all its own and is not to be confused with the degree awarded after successful study ; it is not an [other option] .

In the 1830s and 40s alternative ideas such as those of Owen for the substitution of co-operation for individualistic competition lost the struggle for ideological hegemony to ideas of liberal laissez-faire , although they survived among groups of radical working people and among some philanthropists .
in the 1830s and 40s [other option] ideas such as those of owen for the substitution of co-operation for individualistic competition lost the struggle for ideological hegemony to ideas of liberal laissez-faire , although they survived among groups of radical working people and among some philanthropists .

This was not a new idea , but it attracted increasing support from the 1880s , due partly to the failure of alternative solutions to unemployment and to the apparent unlikelihood of more work being generated in the towns .
this was not a new idea , but it attracted increasing support from the 1880s , due partly to the failure of [other option] solutions to unemployment and to the apparent unlikelihood of more work being generated in the towns .

One possible alternative means of raising revenue , a graduated income tax , was advocated largely by socialists and as such tainted in the eyes of the main political parties .
one possible [other option] means of raising revenue , a graduated income tax , was advocated largely by socialists and as such tainted in the eyes of the main political parties .

An alternative strategy for the government in these circumstances was to place the burden of financing social provision upon local government .
an [other option] strategy for the government in these circumstances was to place the burden of financing social provision upon local government .

They resented the fact that it perpetuated a situation whereby in many areas , notably in Wales , the only available school was Anglican , no alternative being provided for non-Anglican children .
they resented the fact that it perpetuated a situation whereby in many areas , notably in wales , the only available school was anglican , no [other option] being provided for non-anglican children .

Yet , given the reality that a number of children were deprived and neglected and the shortage of sympathetic officials , who could in any case have done little about the causes of such deprivation , it is difficult to known what alternative measures were available .
yet , given the reality that a number of children were deprived and neglected and the shortage of sympathetic officials , who could in any case have done little about the causes of such deprivation , it is difficult to known what [other option] measures were available .

The clauses concerning casual workers were largely ineffective , employers having no interest in decasualization and workers fearing that the alternative was lack of work .
the clauses concerning casual workers were largely ineffective , employers having no interest in decasualization and workers fearing that the [other option] was lack of work .

These consist of a specially-designed envelope bearing the latest British stamps , cancelled with a pictorial First-Day-of- Issue postmark : either the Bureau 's Edinburgh postmark , or an appropriate alternative ( eg. Bethlehem , Wales , for the Christmas issue ) .
these consist of a specially-designed envelope bearing the latest british stamps , cancelled with a pictorial first-day-of- issue postmark : either the bureau 's edinburgh postmark , or an appropriate [other option] ( eg. bethlehem , wales , for the christmas issue ) .

Open Learning offers a flexible and cost effective alternative to traditional training methods .
open learning offers a flexible and cost effective [other option] to traditional training methods .

The alternative interpretation , that the heterogeneity in society is being more widely felt , and as a result family life is becoming less parochial , is heard rather less frequently .
the [other option] interpretation , that the heterogeneity in society is being more widely felt , and as a result family life is becoming less parochial , is heard rather less frequently .

Average scores for each nurse and resident were calculated for both collaboration and satisfaction , and their perceptions of alternative decision choices were assessed by asking them how much they agreed or disagreed that there was no alternative choice in the case of each specific patient .
average scores for each nurse and resident were calculated for both collaboration and satisfaction , and their perceptions of [other option] decision choices were assessed by asking them how much they agreed or disagreed that there was no [other option] choice in the case of each specific patient .

The results showed an association between interdisciplinary collaboration and positive patient outcomes , and this was stronger in cases where more alternative choices were available .
the results showed an association between interdisciplinary collaboration and positive patient outcomes , and this was stronger in cases where more [other option] choices were available .

The authors plan to replicate the study in other ICUs , but say their findings support the theory that collaboration is more important in complex situations where there are a number of alternative choices .
the authors plan to replicate the study in other icus , but say their findings support the theory that collaboration is more important in complex situations where there are a number of [other option] choices .

Patients need information regarding the treatment plan , its timescale and any alternative options should the side-effects become too severe to continue .
patients need information regarding the treatment plan , its timescale and any [other option] options should the side-effects become too severe to continue .

Members of the ruling class sought to increase agricultural production by land reclamation and other projects , and farmers diversified into alternative crops and non-agricultural by-employment to supplement their incomes , but the ruling class was not keen to allow Japan 's farmers to reap the benefits of any increase .
members of the ruling class sought to increase agricultural production by land reclamation and other projects , and farmers diversified into [other option] crops and non-agricultural by-employment to supplement their incomes , but the ruling class was not keen to allow japan 's farmers to reap the benefits of any increase .

When unemployment was bad those without alternative income returned to their native villages , where they might rely for support on family or communal networks .
when unemployment was bad those without [other option] income returned to their native villages , where they might rely for support on family or communal networks .

If you realise that you can not make the schedule , then you need to negotiate a realistic alternative .
if you realise that you can not make the schedule , then you need to negotiate a realistic [other option] .

Activity : ‘ Alternative titles ’ Below are some common sexist titles .
activity : ‘ [other option] titles ’ below are some common sexist titles .

Some writers use s/he as a non-sexist alternative .
some writers use s/he as a non-sexist [other option] .

After graduating , however , you may wish to broaden your scope and find yourself an alternative form of payment .
after graduating , however , you may wish to broaden your scope and find yourself an [other option] form of payment .

As an alternative you can also transfer funds directly from your FlexiLoan to your Current Account whenever you want .
as an [other option] you can also transfer funds directly from your flexiloan to your current account whenever you want .

There is also enhanced security when a security carrier is employed as an alternative to over-the-counter encashments .
there is also enhanced security when a security carrier is employed as an [other option] to over-the-counter encashments .

When the Scottish physicist David Brewster protested against Lyell s principle of uniformity , he invoked biblical considerations to justify an alternative methodology .
when the scottish physicist david brewster protested against lyell s principle of uniformity , he invoked biblical considerations to justify an [other option] methodology .

As religious beliefs have constituted science , so scientific creeds have constituted an alternative religion .
as religious beliefs have constituted science , so scientific creeds have constituted an [other option] religion .

In order to complete his case he had to challenge this deference to a patristic consensus — which he did by observing that the church fathers had taken the motion of the sun for granted because the alternative had not , in that era , been laid before them .
in order to complete his case he had to challenge this deference to a patristic consensus — which he did by observing that the church fathers had taken the motion of the sun for granted because the [other option] had not , in that era , been laid before them .

Indeed , one of Wilkins 's arguments in favor of the Copernican system had been that the alternative — imputing a daily rotation to the heavens — would be to argue ‘ improvidence in nature .
indeed , one of wilkins 's arguments in favor of the copernican system had been that the [other option] — imputing a daily rotation to the heavens — would be to argue ‘ improvidence in nature .

John Wilkins , whom we encountered earlier , would illustrate this alternative correlation .
john wilkins , whom we encountered earlier , would illustrate this [other option] correlation .

Examples of internally generated policy proposals can be seen in the formative thinking on crime prevention , with a strong research base , in the 1970s and 1980s ; the development of an alternative to the Royal Commission on Criminal Procedure 's plan for the organization of an independent prosecution service ; proposals for modifying the ‘ right of silence ’ incorporating new safeguards for the defence ; and efforts to improve the situation of ethnic minorities in the criminal justice system .
examples of internally generated policy proposals can be seen in the formative thinking on crime prevention , with a strong research base , in the 1970s and 1980s ; the development of an [other option] to the royal commission on criminal procedure 's plan for the organization of an independent prosecution service ; proposals for modifying the ‘ right of silence ’ incorporating new safeguards for the defence ; and efforts to improve the situation of ethnic minorities in the criminal justice system .

Adherence to same orthodoxy was reflected in the phrasing of the Labour Party 's policy review in advance of the 1992 General Election . In a commitment to set up a Department for Legal Administration , Labour 's alternative White Paper stated :
adherence to same orthodoxy was reflected in the phrasing of the labour party 's policy review in advance of the 1992 general election . in a commitment to set up a department for legal administration , labour 's [other option] white paper stated :

Many of the issues raised in this alternative White Paper would fall within the remit of the new department .
many of the issues raised in this [other option] white paper would fall within the remit of the new department .

The judges were convinced that the fear of capital punishment was a real deterrent , and it was difficult to see what effective alternative punishment could be inflicted on murderers .
the judges were convinced that the fear of capital punishment was a real deterrent , and it was difficult to see what effective [other option] punishment could be inflicted on murderers .

There is an alternative to either of these courses which may be worth considering and that is that the Government should take the line that they have come to the conclusion that , while some restriction ought to be made in the infliction of the death penalty , the time has not yet come for its complete abolition .
there is an [other option] to either of these courses which may be worth considering and that is that the government should take the line that they have come to the conclusion that , while some restriction ought to be made in the infliction of the death penalty , the time has not yet come for its complete abolition .

In the first , the Home Secretary proposed a fixed ( ie mandatory ) sentence of imprisonment for life as an alternative penalty for murder if the abolitionists ' amendment were carried .
in the first , the home secretary proposed a fixed ( ie mandatory ) sentence of imprisonment for life as an [other option] penalty for murder if the abolitionists ' amendment were carried .

It has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the Select Committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .
it has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the [other option] is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the select committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .

The painstaking and unbiased work of the Royal Commission , the failure of the 1957 alternative , the well-directed flow of abolitionist propaganda , and the reliance on factual evidence as well as moral arguments , in particular the recognition that mistakes could , and in all probability had occurred , led to the progressive conversion of Parliamentary opinion .
the painstaking and unbiased work of the royal commission , the failure of the 1957 [other option] , the well-directed flow of abolitionist propaganda , and the reliance on factual evidence as well as moral arguments , in particular the recognition that mistakes could , and in all probability had occurred , led to the progressive conversion of parliamentary opinion .

Behind his insistence that the intensely hierarchical system of submissions be changed , lay Jenkins 's determination that the Home Secretary had to be allowed sufficient scope to use his political judgment in weighing up alternative courses of action .
behind his insistence that the intensely hierarchical system of submissions be changed , lay jenkins 's determination that the home secretary had to be allowed sufficient scope to use his political judgment in weighing up [other option] courses of action .

Financial compensation became available for the first time for criminal injuries ; the community service order raised hopes as an alternative to custody ; and an elaborate system of parole , later greatly expanded , was instituted .
financial compensation became available for the first time for criminal injuries ; the community service order raised hopes as an [other option] to custody ; and an elaborate system of parole , later greatly expanded , was instituted .

From 1.1.92 , automatic ventilation in intensive housing must have an alarm to warn of failure and an alternative system .
from 1.1.92 , automatic ventilation in intensive housing must have an alarm to warn of failure and an [other option] system .

An alternative to digging in the green manure in spring is to cut and add the material to the compost heap .
an [other option] to digging in the green manure in spring is to cut and add the material to the compost heap .

There may be slight damage to the tips of leaves actually in contact with the fleece but this is acceptable when the alternative of the crop being ‘ cut to the ground ’ is considered .
there may be slight damage to the tips of leaves actually in contact with the fleece but this is acceptable when the [other option] of the crop being ‘ cut to the ground ’ is considered .

Clearly the benefits are compatible with both organic and chemical horticultural regimens and offer a cheaper and easier alternative to conventional framed glass or plastic cloches for growers and gardeners from either school .
clearly the benefits are compatible with both organic and chemical horticultural regimens and offer a cheaper and easier [other option] to conventional framed glass or plastic cloches for growers and gardeners from either school .

These questions and many more are puzzling those who are thinking of alternative uses of land .
these questions and many more are puzzling those who are thinking of [other option] uses of land .

For developing countries , this internalisation of innovation makes it more desirable to strike a bargain with the innovator , because the alternative of paying patent fees simply does not exist .
for developing countries , this internalisation of innovation makes it more desirable to strike a bargain with the innovator , because the [other option] of paying patent fees simply does not exist .

Alternative financial transfers
[other option] financial transfers

Such changes radically alter firms ' options for choosing how to serve their foreign markets and create alternative structures of increasingly global competition .
such changes radically alter firms ' options for choosing how to serve their foreign markets and create [other option] structures of increasingly global competition .

Initially , they emphasised export strategies as an alternative to the leaders ' investment-based approach .
initially , they emphasised export strategies as an [other option] to the leaders ' investment-based approach .

Further barriers come from the fact that alumina plants are highly specialised ; switching among alternative sources of bauxite of varying chemical composition can add anywhere between 20–100 per cent to the operating costs ( Stuckey , 1983 : pp .
further barriers come from the fact that alumina plants are highly specialised ; switching among [other option] sources of bauxite of varying chemical composition can add anywhere between 20–100 per cent to the operating costs ( stuckey , 1983 : pp .

The operating conditions make short-term or spot contracts highly risky ; stockpiling is uneconomic , because bauxite has few alternative uses .
the operating conditions make short-term or spot contracts highly risky ; stockpiling is uneconomic , because bauxite has few [other option] uses .

An alternative explanation lies in Dr Mahatir 's ‘ look East ’ policy , designed to break away — finally and for ever — from the colonial past and to speed up the pace of change by harnessing the vitality of Japanese firms .
an [other option] explanation lies in dr mahatir 's ‘ look east ’ policy , designed to break away — finally and for ever — from the colonial past and to speed up the pace of change by harnessing the vitality of japanese firms .

Though officially endorsed in the ‘ Brady plan ’ , there is considerable doubt about the wisdom of the approach , compared to the alternative of lending more .
though officially endorsed in the ‘ brady plan ’ , there is considerable doubt about the wisdom of the approach , compared to the [other option] of lending more .

Consequently , many countries prefer alternative policies .
consequently , many countries prefer [other option] policies .

On 9 May 1898 the Quartermaster approved a radically new alternative field blouse for officers : ‘ … a blouse of cotton drilling or khaki … made with a single pleat 2 inches wide on the back and extending from the collar to the end of the skirt ; with two outside breast pockets and two outside pockets below the waist ; pockets covered with flaps , buttoned by a small regulation brass button ; … The coat to have a standing collar … from 1½ inches to 2 inches in width … a strap on each shoulder reaching from the sleeve seam to the collar seam and buttoning at the upper point with a small brass regulation button ; straps to be 1½ inches wide at the sleeve and 1 inch wide at the collar .
on 9 may 1898 the quartermaster approved a radically new [other option] field blouse for officers : ‘ … a blouse of cotton drilling or khaki … made with a single pleat 2 inches wide on the back and extending from the collar to the end of the skirt ; with two outside breast pockets and two outside pockets below the waist ; pockets covered with flaps , buttoned by a small regulation brass button ; … the coat to have a standing collar … from 1½ inches to 2 inches in width … a strap on each shoulder reaching from the sleeve seam to the collar seam and buttoning at the upper point with a small brass regulation button ; straps to be 1½ inches wide at the sleeve and 1 inch wide at the collar .

The ‘ French ’ tunic , a popular alternative to the gymnastiorka , was authorised for officers in 1935 ; named after the British general of 1914 , it appears to have varied in details — some had pleated patch breast pockets , some internal pockets with external flaps .
the ‘ french ’ tunic , a popular [other option] to the gymnastiorka , was authorised for officers in 1935 ; named after the british general of 1914 , it appears to have varied in details — some had pleated patch breast pockets , some internal pockets with external flaps .

The competition for status and patronage between the Royal Society and the British Academy , for instance , demonstrates how alternative theories of knowledge are embedded in real ideological and political circumstances and are not as rarefied and detached as they are commonly claimed to be .
the competition for status and patronage between the royal society and the british academy , for instance , demonstrates how [other option] theories of knowledge are embedded in real ideological and political circumstances and are not as rarefied and detached as they are commonly claimed to be .

In literate society , these interlocking conversations go on ; but they are no longer man 's only dialogue ; and in so far as writing provides an alternative source for the transmission of cultural orientations it favours awareness of inconsistency .
in literate society , these interlocking conversations go on ; but they are no longer man 's only dialogue ; and in so far as writing provides an [other option] source for the transmission of cultural orientations it favours awareness of inconsistency .

Romaine ( 1982 ) suggests an alternative framework to the ‘ objective/ subjective ’ dichotomy that Lyons ' argument seems to rest on .
romaine ( 1982 ) suggests an [other option] framework to the ‘ objective/ subjective ’ dichotomy that lyons ' argument seems to rest on .

There is never only a ‘ core meaning ’ of an utterance but rather there are always alternative models ; novel contexts are being re-created with each utterance ; language users are continually establishing and transforming social reality in their communications .
there is never only a ‘ core meaning ’ of an utterance but rather there are always [other option] models ; novel contexts are being re-created with each utterance ; language users are continually establishing and transforming social reality in their communications .

The advice document proposes four alternative models of assessment and care management for drug and alcohol misusers , and discusses the advantages and disadvantages of each from the point of view of the local authority and the service user .
the advice document proposes four [other option] models of assessment and care management for drug and alcohol misusers , and discusses the advantages and disadvantages of each from the point of view of the local authority and the service user .

One alternative often offered by professionals as a solution to personal assistance needs requires young people to work long hours for a ‘ dole plus ’ package .
one [other option] often offered by professionals as a solution to personal assistance needs requires young people to work long hours for a ‘ dole plus ’ package .

When designed in a holistic way by the disabled person , the package of assistance which enables them to do so is no more expensive than the service-based alternative .
when designed in a holistic way by the disabled person , the package of assistance which enables them to do so is no more expensive than the service-based [other option] .

She asks whether compulsory treatment in the community would be so bad if the alternative was hospital .
she asks whether compulsory treatment in the community would be so bad if the [other option] was hospital .

Hayek argues that a consequence of their distrust of abstract theories is that conservatives are unable to offer any alternative to the direction in which social forces are moving ; they look to the past rather than the future .
hayek argues that a consequence of their distrust of abstract theories is that conservatives are unable to offer any [other option] to the direction in which social forces are moving ; they look to the past rather than the future .

Hayek 's theory therefore offers both a critique of contemporary arrangements and a programme for realizing an alternative vision .
hayek 's theory therefore offers both a critique of contemporary arrangements and a programme for realizing an [other option] vision .

Atomistic theories have been challenged by alternative theories which project a rather different view of human nature .
atomistic theories have been challenged by [other option] theories which project a rather different view of human nature .

This alternative view claims that individuals can only develop their characteristically human capacities within society and that ‘ living in society is a necessary condition of the development of rationality … or of becoming a moral agent in the full sense of the term , or of becoming a fully responsible , autonomous being ’ .
this [other option] view claims that individuals can only develop their characteristically human capacities within society and that ‘ living in society is a necessary condition of the development of rationality … or of becoming a moral agent in the full sense of the term , or of becoming a fully responsible , autonomous being ’ .

The alternative paradigm of inquiry or knowledge that Peirce … develop [ s ] … is a view of inquiry as a self-corrective process which has no beginning or end points and in which any claim is subject to further rational criticism … Our claims to knowledge are legitimised not by their origins … but rather by the norms and rules of inquiry itself .
the [other option] paradigm of inquiry or knowledge that peirce … develop [ s ] … is a view of inquiry as a self-corrective process which has no beginning or end points and in which any claim is subject to further rational criticism … our claims to knowledge are legitimised not by their origins … but rather by the norms and rules of inquiry itself .

Presented in this way , it is almost inconceivable to anyone understanding the function of such committees that it would pursue any other than the last alternative .
presented in this way , it is almost inconceivable to anyone understanding the function of such committees that it would pursue any other than the last [other option] .

Both of these examples rely on the rights of an innkeeper which we have considered above ; it is of course perfectly proper for the receptionist to call the police as an alternative measure .
both of these examples rely on the rights of an innkeeper which we have considered above ; it is of course perfectly proper for the receptionist to call the police as an [other option] measure .

Carrie 's parents and their youngest son Danny had been forced to find alternative accommodation and they ended up in one of the most dilapidated tenement blocks in Bermondsey .
carrie 's parents and their youngest son danny had been forced to find [other option] accommodation and they ended up in one of the most dilapidated tenement blocks in bermondsey .

Both are clearly unsatisfactory , but a practical and popular alternative has not yet emerged for either .
both are clearly unsatisfactory , but a practical and popular [other option] has not yet emerged for either .

An increased use of angioplasty may limit the number of elderly patients with coronary disease who need bypass grafting for refactory angina , but there is no effective alternative to surgery for the large number of patients in their 70s and 80s with symptomatic aortic stenosis .
an increased use of angioplasty may limit the number of elderly patients with coronary disease who need bypass grafting for refactory angina , but there is no effective [other option] to surgery for the large number of patients in their 70s and 80s with symptomatic aortic stenosis .

It is also important to realise that alternative and less toxic antimicrobials were probably available for the patient who had sepsis due to Escherichia coli and renal impairment .
it is also important to realise that [other option] and less toxic antimicrobials were probably available for the patient who had sepsis due to escherichia coli and renal impairment .

An alternative policy advocates a single large daily dose of aminoglycosides , such as 240 mg instead of 80 mg eight hourly , since the antibacterial activity is related to the dose and these agents exert a relatively long antibiotic effect , at least in vitro .
an [other option] policy advocates a single large daily dose of aminoglycosides , such as 240 mg instead of 80 mg eight hourly , since the antibacterial activity is related to the dose and these agents exert a relatively long antibiotic effect , at least in vitro .

We are currently seeking alternative rapid methods , but the lack of a suitable rapid assay must not be taken as an indication that therapeutic monitoring is unnecessary .
we are currently seeking [other option] rapid methods , but the lack of a suitable rapid assay must not be taken as an indication that therapeutic monitoring is unnecessary .

Lesions that do not blanch on pressure ( which are often dark in colour and raised ) tend to respond poorly to pulsed dye lasers : better and more rapid responses can often be achieved with alternative lasers such as the frequency doubled neodymium yttrium aluminium garnet laser in conjunction with an automated delivery system .
lesions that do not blanch on pressure ( which are often dark in colour and raised ) tend to respond poorly to pulsed dye lasers : better and more rapid responses can often be achieved with [other option] lasers such as the frequency doubled neodymium yttrium aluminium garnet laser in conjunction with an automated delivery system .

None of these alternative treatments rule out subsequent treatment of residual port wine stain with a pulsed dye laser , and using several different lasers in combination often gives the best results .
none of these [other option] treatments rule out subsequent treatment of residual port wine stain with a pulsed dye laser , and using several different lasers in combination often gives the best results .

If it does the alternative of a statutory limit on hours of work similar to that proposed by the European Commission would destroy any semblance of manpower control just as surely as Field 's proposals .
if it does the [other option] of a statutory limit on hours of work similar to that proposed by the european commission would destroy any semblance of manpower control just as surely as field 's proposals .

One Alternative Rejected
one [other option] rejected

For this reason some women have no alternative but to give up one or more of these roles following the birth of their child .
for this reason some women have no [other option] but to give up one or more of these roles following the birth of their child .

The most appealing strategy is integration or collaboration , by which groups in conflict modify their views and seek a third alternative .
the most appealing strategy is integration or collaboration , by which groups in conflict modify their views and seek a third [other option] .

The grim alternative is that in a few years many more specialties will be in the position of thoracic medicine and more junior doctors will spend even longer in the training grades .
the grim [other option] is that in a few years many more specialties will be in the position of thoracic medicine and more junior doctors will spend even longer in the training grades .

Alternative approaches were subsequently proposed .
[other option] approaches were subsequently proposed .

An alternative cause of death was evident in over half the patients .
an [other option] cause of death was evident in over half the patients .

Only six out of 21 case notes contained objective evidence of asthma and 12 contained clear evidence of an alternative cause of death ( myocardial infarcation ( 7 ) , epileptic fit ( 1 ) , lung cancer ( 1 ) , lobar pneumonia ( 1 ) , chronic obstructive airways disease/emphysema ( 2 ) ) .
only six out of 21 case notes contained objective evidence of asthma and 12 contained clear evidence of an [other option] cause of death ( myocardial infarcation ( 7 ) , epileptic fit ( 1 ) , lung cancer ( 1 ) , lobar pneumonia ( 1 ) , chronic obstructive airways disease/emphysema ( 2 ) ) .

On the whole the poorest citizens are covered by Medicaid ; the group just above them , numbering some 35 million Americans , are not covered by Medicaid but have no effective alternative in terms of private health insurance .
on the whole the poorest citizens are covered by medicaid ; the group just above them , numbering some 35 million americans , are not covered by medicaid but have no effective [other option] in terms of private health insurance .

estimate the resource required to implement the change , and any recommended alternative .
estimate the resource required to implement the change , and any recommended [other option] .

Development Estimates : estimates of effort and timescale needed to implement the change or any recommended alternative , together with the impact on the development schedules
development estimates : estimates of effort and timescale needed to implement the change or any recommended [other option] , together with the impact on the development schedules

He succeeded , in other words , ‘ by finding and being the least objectionable alternative ’ .
he succeeded , in other words , ‘ by finding and being the least objectionable [other option] ’ .

Biologists have developed a theoretical framework within which the evolution of virulence can be analysed , and it has been demonstrated experimentally that virulence can evolve in response to alternative modes of parasite transmission .
biologists have developed a theoretical framework within which the evolution of virulence can be analysed , and it has been demonstrated experimentally that virulence can evolve in response to [other option] modes of parasite transmission .

This has been reinforced by the threat that contracts will be switched to alternative providers if the standards specified by purchasers are not met .
this has been reinforced by the threat that contracts will be switched to [other option] providers if the standards specified by purchasers are not met .

More information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50–100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .
more information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable [other option] to lavage could be to give 50–100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .

The measured dose of external radiation might be a surrogate measure for internal exposure to radionuclides or to chemicals ; such alternative explanations are still open to the objection that there are no generally accepted data on humans to support this .
the measured dose of external radiation might be a surrogate measure for internal exposure to radionuclides or to chemicals ; such [other option] explanations are still open to the objection that there are no generally accepted data on humans to support this .

Hypersensitivity to hydrocortisone has been well documented , and intradermal testing was thought to have a role in predicting safe administration of an alternative steroid .
hypersensitivity to hydrocortisone has been well documented , and intradermal testing was thought to have a role in predicting safe administration of an [other option] steroid .

An alternative approach to reducing phenylalanine accumulation is oral treatment with the enzyme phenylalanine ammonia lyase .
an [other option] approach to reducing phenylalanine accumulation is oral treatment with the enzyme phenylalanine ammonia lyase .

Alternative allergy and the General Medical Council
[other option] allergy and the general medical council

At the beginning of the hearing the committee chairman , Sir Herbert Duthie , said that it was not a trial of alternative medicine or of the provocation-neutralisation test .
at the beginning of the hearing the committee chairman , sir herbert duthie , said that it was not a trial of [other option] medicine or of the provocation-neutralisation test .

The ideas included people developing alternative careers while working part time for the airline .
the ideas included people developing [other option] careers while working part time for the airline .

People need time to think through what the changes will mean for them , time to retrain , time to deal with the process of bereavement ( which this is ) , time to work out what skills they have which can be transferred to alternative jobs , time to seek other opportunities , time to reconcile the family to the situation .
people need time to think through what the changes will mean for them , time to retrain , time to deal with the process of bereavement ( which this is ) , time to work out what skills they have which can be transferred to [other option] jobs , time to seek other opportunities , time to reconcile the family to the situation .

So Fulk joined Geoffrey as an alternative model of the perfect layman .
so fulk joined geoffrey as an [other option] model of the perfect layman .

( Some of these constellations have alternative names .
( some of these constellations have [other option] names .

An alternative explanation of collective agricultural work could very plausibly stress the degree of compulsion by landlords on landless peasantry .
an [other option] explanation of collective agricultural work could very plausibly stress the degree of compulsion by landlords on landless peasantry .

Analysis of the maintenance and reproduction of collectivism is divided over whether the tradition of collectivism encourages the voluntary conformity of individuals , or whether the sanctions on non-conformity are so great that individuals have no alternative .
analysis of the maintenance and reproduction of collectivism is divided over whether the tradition of collectivism encourages the voluntary conformity of individuals , or whether the sanctions on non-conformity are so great that individuals have no [other option] .

In this scenario , the Diet took a subordinate role only until the socialist and communist parties accepted the system of liberal democracy and spent less time arguing for an alternative .
in this scenario , the diet took a subordinate role only until the socialist and communist parties accepted the system of liberal democracy and spent less time arguing for an [other option] .

For those without such guarantees , there may be no alternative to pragmatic acceptance of their lot .
for those without such guarantees , there may be no [other option] to pragmatic acceptance of their lot .

Not only then is subcontracting widely practised but the small firms are so dependent on a limited range of buyers that they have little alternative but to accommodate to tight kanban schedules .
not only then is subcontracting widely practised but the small firms are so dependent on a limited range of buyers that they have little [other option] but to accommodate to tight kanban schedules .

There may be no alternative to working in a small firm for those excluded or transferred from regular employment status in large companies and their primary subcontractors .
there may be no [other option] to working in a small firm for those excluded or transferred from regular employment status in large companies and their primary subcontractors .

Given the mobility constraints , is the cooperation of labour not better explained by the fact that employees have little alternative ?
given the mobility constraints , is the cooperation of labour not better explained by the fact that employees have little [other option] ?

Some may feel coerced into company-centred behaviour , some may accept for instrumental reasons because there is no alternative while others may see the family analogy as the ideal structure for industrial relations .
some may feel coerced into company-centred behaviour , some may accept for instrumental reasons because there is no [other option] while others may see the family analogy as the ideal structure for industrial relations .

Should any part of the text , the version , or the entry tables prove to be unreadable , alternative tables are available to rebuild the data lost .
should any part of the text , the version , or the entry tables prove to be unreadable , [other option] tables are available to rebuild the data lost .

Close — the pupil sees the choice as between only a few alternative possibilities .
close — the pupil sees the choice as between only a few [other option] possibilities .

The pupil is not merely acquiescing but willingly entering into alternative task-related endeavours .
the pupil is not merely acquiescing but willingly entering into [other option] task-related endeavours .

An alternative analogy may be more helpful .
an [other option] analogy may be more helpful .

An alternative approach is for the instruction to scan from ( usually ) the most-significant to the least.significant end of the word , searching for the first bit set to one , and placing the number of that bit position in a suitable register , Notice the similarity between this operation and the " shift and count " instruction discussed in the last section .
an [other option] approach is for the instruction to scan from ( usually ) the most-significant to the least.significant end of the word , searching for the first bit set to one , and placing the number of that bit position in a suitable register , notice the similarity between this operation and the " shift and count " instruction discussed in the last section .

Estimate the speed increase in using a ( hypothetical or actual ) block transfer instruction on a computer to which you have access , over the best alternative way of performing the move .
estimate the speed increase in using a ( hypothetical or actual ) block transfer instruction on a computer to which you have access , over the best [other option] way of performing the move .

An alternative solution is the provision of multiple.length arithmetic operations , of course .
an [other option] solution is the provision of multiple.length arithmetic operations , of course .

An alternative method for dealing with vector elements of different lengths is for an increment value of one always to be used , but for the modifier field to be suitably manipulated when an element is accessed .
an [other option] method for dealing with vector elements of different lengths is for an increment value of one always to be used , but for the modifier field to be suitably manipulated when an element is accessed .

The same sort of alternative explanations can also be brought to bear on the variation in educational attainment that is associated with social class , in so far as this is attributable to educational attainment .
the same sort of [other option] explanations can also be brought to bear on the variation in educational attainment that is associated with social class , in so far as this is attributable to educational attainment .

Paradoxically enough , we can perceive here the germ of an alternative version of democracy to the idea of popular rule .
paradoxically enough , we can perceive here the germ of an [other option] version of democracy to the idea of popular rule .

So long as there is a need for collective decision-making and for policies which give direction to a whole community or society , and so long as or whenever unanimity can not be achieved , it is hard to see what alternative there can be to the minority being compelled to go along with the decision of the majority .
so long as there is a need for collective decision-making and for policies which give direction to a whole community or society , and so long as or whenever unanimity can not be achieved , it is hard to see what [other option] there can be to the minority being compelled to go along with the decision of the majority .

The alternative conclusion is that if democracy is not to be immobilized it must be founded on a substantial degree of social and economic equality — that is , on the existence of a real and concrete common interest in society .
the [other option] conclusion is that if democracy is not to be immobilized it must be founded on a substantial degree of social and economic equality — that is , on the existence of a real and concrete common interest in society .

For an alternative formulation might be that it is the hallmark of democratic government ( which is not the whole of democracy ) that it is government by consent , by contrast with other forms of arbitrary or tyrannical rule where the wishes of the people are ignored and their assent or support is not sought , or considered necessary .
for an [other option] formulation might be that it is the hallmark of democratic government ( which is not the whole of democracy ) that it is government by consent , by contrast with other forms of arbitrary or tyrannical rule where the wishes of the people are ignored and their assent or support is not sought , or considered necessary .

Migrant campesina women can rarely expect to find jobs other than in domestic service or the informal sector , although , of course , for all women , the oldest profession — prostitution — offers an alternative to unemployment .
migrant campesina women can rarely expect to find jobs other than in domestic service or the informal sector , although , of course , for all women , the oldest profession — prostitution — offers an [other option] to unemployment .

to draw up a framework for graduated tests which would include a specification of their content , context , and alternative schemes for defining levels of performance ;
to draw up a framework for graduated tests which would include a specification of their content , context , and [other option] schemes for defining levels of performance ;

Alternative modes of assessment
[other option] modes of assessment

Feature Marks available or number of levels Knowledge decided by experience of Understanding requisite standards Communication Inventiveness Technique and skills An alternative way of providing foci for assessors is to split the work undertaken by pupils and its write-up into phases .
feature marks available or number of levels knowledge decided by experience of understanding requisite standards communication inventiveness technique and skills an [other option] way of providing foci for assessors is to split the work undertaken by pupils and its write-up into phases .

In one version of the mental test the prices of items bought were printed on the answer sheet so that they did not have to be memorized : in an alternative version the prices were not printed so that it was necessary both to memorize the numbers and operate on them .
in one version of the mental test the prices of items bought were printed on the answer sheet so that they did not have to be memorized : in an [other option] version the prices were not printed so that it was necessary both to memorize the numbers and operate on them .

Alternatively a mixture of these methods may be used , possible alternative stages of test creation are represented in diagrams below ( see Figure 5.4 ) .
alternatively a mixture of these methods may be used , possible [other option] stages of test creation are represented in diagrams below ( see figure 5.4 ) .

Furthermore , should such precision in stating a criterion enable test constructors to produce , unambiguously , a set of test items which exemplify it , there may be alternative ways of tackling the items .
furthermore , should such precision in stating a criterion enable test constructors to produce , unambiguously , a set of test items which exemplify it , there may be [other option] ways of tackling the items .

The absence of c , if accompanied by an alternative causal circumstance for e , would not have been followed by the absence of e .
the absence of c , if accompanied by an [other option] causal circumstance for e , would not have been followed by the absence of e .

The Humean view has persisted , among all those disinclined to mystery in connection with causation , not because of these defences , but for want of a satisfactory alternative .
the humean view has persisted , among all those disinclined to mystery in connection with causation , not because of these defences , but for want of a satisfactory [other option] .

This alternative view , a member of a small family of related although differing views , follows on naturally enough from a consideration of Hume 's .
this [other option] view , a member of a small family of related although differing views , follows on naturally enough from a consideration of hume 's .

The alternative procedure , although its focus is different , is indeed basically alike , as it must be .
the [other option] procedure , although its focus is different , is indeed basically alike , as it must be .

It will be along the lines that it is quite as true that we have no satisfactory conception of anything much-including , most piquantly , the elements which enter into any alternative conception of the condition-set for an effect .
it will be along the lines that it is quite as true that we have no satisfactory conception of anything much-including , most piquantly , the elements which enter into any [other option] conception of the condition-set for an effect .

The last sort of objection , perhaps more than the others , consists in certain alternative views .
the last sort of objection , perhaps more than the others , consists in certain [other option] views .

To come closer to our present concern , there is no more hope for the idea that a certain determinism is false because we do not aspire to prove it , but rather proceed in several alternative ways , including probabilistic ways , on the assumption of its truth .
to come closer to our present concern , there is no more hope for the idea that a certain determinism is false because we do not aspire to prove it , but rather proceed in several [other option] ways , including probabilistic ways , on the assumption of its truth .

My alternative account , a minimal one , seeks among other things to give fewer hostages than Brentano 's to philosophical fortune , or anyway to philosophical doubt .
my [other option] account , a minimal one , seeks among other things to give fewer hostages than brentano 's to philosophical fortune , or anyway to philosophical doubt .

Now is the test formulated ? There are two alternative tests .
now is the test formulated ? there are two [other option] tests .

That is to say , there was , at least in the first quarter of this century , no well-developed rationalist alternative to theology or a simplistic materialism to explain mental life .
that is to say , there was , at least in the first quarter of this century , no well-developed rationalist [other option] to theology or a simplistic materialism to explain mental life .

So far as dreaming is concerned , it seems that the most striking difference between modern Western culture and pre-scientific cultures is not any decrease in mysticism or Informal supernatural beliefs , but an explosion in the number of alternative explanations for dreaming .
so far as dreaming is concerned , it seems that the most striking difference between modern western culture and pre-scientific cultures is not any decrease in mysticism or informal supernatural beliefs , but an explosion in the number of [other option] explanations for dreaming .

If there is no alternative to using a foster mother whose natural litter is the same colour as the mice to be fostered great care must be taken to mark the fostered animals by toe clipping or all the natural young must be removed .
if there is no [other option] to using a foster mother whose natural litter is the same colour as the mice to be fostered great care must be taken to mark the fostered animals by toe clipping or all the natural young must be removed .

This requires some practise but once the skill is acquired it is far preferable to the alternative method which is to shred the oviduct with fine watchmakers forceps and collect the embryos from among the debris .
this requires some practise but once the skill is acquired it is far preferable to the [other option] method which is to shred the oviduct with fine watchmakers forceps and collect the embryos from among the debris .

An alternative procedure yields rafts of trophectodermal epithelium from the mural region of the blastocyst , and involves forming `` giant `` blastocysts by aggregating together up to 10 morulae as described in Section 3.3 .
an [other option] procedure yields rafts of trophectodermal epithelium from the mural region of the blastocyst , and involves forming `` giant `` blastocysts by aggregating together up to 10 morulae as described in section 3.3 .

( iv ) Determine the position and developmental fate of fluorescein-latex-labelled cells within blastocysts following a cell lineage experiment by three alternative methods .
( iv ) determine the position and developmental fate of fluorescein-latex-labelled cells within blastocysts following a cell lineage experiment by three [other option] methods .

The alternative is either to process these by the `` double fixation and softening `` method of Dyban and Baranov ( 7 ) or to disaggregate then , on a slide in 60 % acetic acid as described in Table 3a .
the [other option] is either to process these by the `` double fixation and softening `` method of dyban and baranov ( 7 ) or to disaggregate then , on a slide in 60 % acetic acid as described in table 3a .

Later the researcher may attend a group discussion on behalf of another client , brief the creative department about how best to present some of their alternative campaign ideas for yet another , or attend a client meeting to present research recommendations or findings .
later the researcher may attend a group discussion on behalf of another client , brief the creative department about how best to present some of their [other option] campaign ideas for yet another , or attend a client meeting to present research recommendations or findings .

After studying his agency 's current advertising he worked out alternative campaigns , demonstrating how he would handle them .
after studying his agency 's current advertising he worked out [other option] campaigns , demonstrating how he would handle them .

But in important issues and debates public relations can see that an alternative point of view is put to the media .
but in important issues and debates public relations can see that an [other option] point of view is put to the media .

Alternative routes and on-the-job opportunities to learn and get promoted
[other option] routes and on-the-job opportunities to learn and get promoted

If , after learning successfully about the suffix -ful , he still makes that error , then consider it as a phonic alternative .
if , after learning successfully about the suffix -ful , he still makes that error , then consider it as a phonic [other option] .

Since it is a reasonable phonic alternative , this suggests that the error is one of visualisation .
since it is a reasonable phonic [other option] , this suggests that the error is one of visualisation .

It is probably best classified as a phonic alternative , that is , it suggests that any spelling strategy should pay attention to the visual memory .
it is probably best classified as a phonic [other option] , that is , it suggests that any spelling strategy should pay attention to the visual memory .

Classify as a phonic alternative , but this is tentative .
classify as a phonic [other option] , but this is tentative .

She had never considered an alternative to Yelton .
she had never considered an [other option] to yelton .

Timothy , although a regular caller , had n't mentioned the alternative to Yelton again , but the way he looked at her from time to time made words unnecessary .
timothy , although a regular caller , had n't mentioned the [other option] to yelton again , but the way he looked at her from time to time made words unnecessary .

While it would be nice to imagine an alternative history in which either Miss Black or Miss Irwin succeeded in organizing the women compositors , who then ended up with a reading-room full of the encyclopaedias they had themselves typeset , it was not to be .
while it would be nice to imagine an [other option] history in which either miss black or miss irwin succeeded in organizing the women compositors , who then ended up with a reading-room full of the encyclopaedias they had themselves typeset , it was not to be .

4 Participating in the administration of alternative methods of nutrition/hydration , i.e. parenteral ( intravenous ) methods ; enteral ( alimentary tract ) methods , via mouth , nasogastric tube , gastrostomy .
4 participating in the administration of [other option] methods of nutrition/hydration , i.e. parenteral ( intravenous ) methods ; enteral ( alimentary tract ) methods , via mouth , nasogastric tube , gastrostomy .

It is sometimes argued that a full-blooded commitment to phenomenological principles entails a retreat into relativism in which the researcher is denied any grounds upon which to choose between alternative accounts of the same situation .
it is sometimes argued that a full-blooded commitment to phenomenological principles entails a retreat into relativism in which the researcher is denied any grounds upon which to choose between [other option] accounts of the same situation .

The Project Coordinating Team did not find this plan entirely acceptable , since the project did not permit the development of specifically `` staff `` resources nor the spending of money on some of the infrastructural resources under the first heading , and as a result the chairperson telephoned the school and explored alternative distributions .
the project coordinating team did not find this plan entirely acceptable , since the project did not permit the development of specifically `` staff `` resources nor the spending of money on some of the infrastructural resources under the first heading , and as a result the chairperson telephoned the school and explored [other option] distributions .

This , she reports , was `` sending the local library mad `` , but since there was no way that a small branch library could be converted into `` an adequate resource centre to plunder `` , some in-school development was a necessary alternative .
this , she reports , was `` sending the local library mad `` , but since there was no way that a small branch library could be converted into `` an adequate resource centre to plunder `` , some in-school development was a necessary [other option] .

The few managers of nursing who were around in the late 1960s , early 1970s will not wish to relive those experiences and yet unless alternative solutions are found quickly , the problem which prevailed then will soon be upon us again .
the few managers of nursing who were around in the late 1960s , early 1970s will not wish to relive those experiences and yet unless [other option] solutions are found quickly , the problem which prevailed then will soon be upon us again .

Obstacles or hindrances to combining both responsibilities will lead to a search for an alternative solution .
obstacles or hindrances to combining both responsibilities will lead to a search for an [other option] solution .

There may be no alternative to leave-of-absence or annual leave but the nurse should be given the opportunity to resolve her difficulty by seeking the help of colleagues who may be prepared to substitute for her at short notice .
there may be no [other option] to leave-of-absence or annual leave but the nurse should be given the opportunity to resolve her difficulty by seeking the help of colleagues who may be prepared to substitute for her at short notice .

There may be no alternative to leave of absence , even though the nurse can ill afford the loss of income .
there may be no [other option] to leave of absence , even though the nurse can ill afford the loss of income .

She may seek to use some of her annual leave entitlement as an alternative to unpaid leave .
she may seek to use some of her annual leave entitlement as an [other option] to unpaid leave .

The second is to be prepared to try to meet the objections of those affected by alternative arrangements .
the second is to be prepared to try to meet the objections of those affected by [other option] arrangements .

At times when she is able to predict a likely shortfall below what is acceptable , due to sickness or annual leave , she should , as soon as possible , make her manager aware of the situation so that alternative staff may be provided .
at times when she is able to predict a likely shortfall below what is acceptable , due to sickness or annual leave , she should , as soon as possible , make her manager aware of the situation so that [other option] staff may be provided .

It is possible to provide flexibility by alternative means using a group of workers who understand their role from the outset .
it is possible to provide flexibility by [other option] means using a group of workers who understand their role from the outset .

The need for additional staff should be identified at the earliest opportunity after consideration of alternative means of meeting the shortfall .
the need for additional staff should be identified at the earliest opportunity after consideration of [other option] means of meeting the shortfall .

An alternative to the relief pool , the Nurses Bank , can provide the same facility .
an [other option] to the relief pool , the nurses bank , can provide the same facility .

An organic alternative to proprietary sprays is a strong solution of soap or washing-up liquid in warm water .
an organic [other option] to proprietary sprays is a strong solution of soap or washing-up liquid in warm water .

The obvious alternative is to take them along to your local ‘ paper igloo ’ ( a blue bin like a postbox , usually alongside bottle banks ) for recycling .
the obvious [other option] is to take them along to your local ‘ paper igloo ’ ( a blue bin like a postbox , usually alongside bottle banks ) for recycling .

We took ready-filleted salmon , some cooked prawns , a packet of mixed rice and mayonnaise , and wrapped them in filo pastry for a delicious seafood parcel , ideal as an alternative Christmas dinner or for a Boxing Day buffet .
we took ready-filleted salmon , some cooked prawns , a packet of mixed rice and mayonnaise , and wrapped them in filo pastry for a delicious seafood parcel , ideal as an [other option] christmas dinner or for a boxing day buffet .

There 's a delicious mousse of melted chocolate bars , a chocolate log made with bought Swiss rolls , soaked in Cointreau with raisins , and a speedy , frozen alternative to the traditional pud using a carton of fresh custard .
there 's a delicious mousse of melted chocolate bars , a chocolate log made with bought swiss rolls , soaked in cointreau with raisins , and a speedy , frozen [other option] to the traditional pud using a carton of fresh custard .

They constantly remind the party that there is an alternative to Margaret Thatcher .
they constantly remind the party that there is an [other option] to margaret thatcher .

He offers alternative policies : on Europe , on industrial partnership , on the inner cities and on the environment .
he offers [other option] policies : on europe , on industrial partnership , on the inner cities and on the environment .

The alternative is a reinforcement of existing job segregation and a poor quality of future employment for both women and men .
the [other option] is a reinforcement of existing job segregation and a poor quality of future employment for both women and men .

Our alternative strategy seeks to manage the tensions between those who will only resist within the law and those who see the need to go further .
our [other option] strategy seeks to manage the tensions between those who will only resist within the law and those who see the need to go further .

Land-value taxation is a just and efficient alternative to the poll tax .
land-value taxation is a just and efficient [other option] to the poll tax .

In view of the media coverage of the Beijing massacre , Western governments had no alternative but to make a visible display of their own disapproval .
in view of the media coverage of the beijing massacre , western governments had no [other option] but to make a visible display of their own disapproval .

You clearly feel this path is wrong . Do you have a viable alternative ?
you clearly feel this path is wrong . do you have a viable [other option] ?

At least in the first stage of transition , there is no alternative other than a combination of the market and state regulation .
at least in the first stage of transition , there is no [other option] other than a combination of the market and state regulation .

What the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and Koran , or Bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .
what the [other option] to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and koran , or bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .

However , this does not mean that such ethnic reactions provide in any sense an alternative principle for the political restructuring of the world in the 21st century .
however , this does not mean that such ethnic reactions provide in any sense an [other option] principle for the political restructuring of the world in the 21st century .

The alternative fan networks continue to provide an articulate and powerful voice for supporters .
the [other option] fan networks continue to provide an articulate and powerful voice for supporters .

From the start , Previn ( Philips ) is warmer without sacrificing clarity , while Karajan 's alternative , arguably too opulent with its illicit doublings , is in a class of its own .
from the start , previn ( philips ) is warmer without sacrificing clarity , while karajan 's [other option] , arguably too opulent with its illicit doublings , is in a class of its own .

Two items , Oncques amor and Petite fleur , are first given in alternative setting played by chitarrone and harp , providing both comparisons and well placed variety of tone and texture .
two items , oncques amor and petite fleur , are first given in [other option] setting played by chitarrone and harp , providing both comparisons and well placed variety of tone and texture .

He called the longer pieces Harmony Music , but used also the alternative affectionate generic term ‘ Shed Music ’ , referring to the place where the group rehearsed .
he called the longer pieces harmony music , but used also the [other option] affectionate generic term ‘ shed music ’ , referring to the place where the group rehearsed .

The alternative electrostatic headphones are by nature precision assemblies and , like electrostatic loudspeakers , remain firmly in the upper price bracket except where the simpler and less costly electret principle with a pre-charged diaphragm or backplate has been used .
the [other option] electrostatic headphones are by nature precision assemblies and , like electrostatic loudspeakers , remain firmly in the upper price bracket except where the simpler and less costly electret principle with a pre-charged diaphragm or backplate has been used .

The police were needed not only to combat crime , but also to provide an alternative to the army in suppressing serious public disorder .
the police were needed not only to combat crime , but also to provide an [other option] to the army in suppressing serious public disorder .

The basic principles of scientific decision-making produce a model with the following characteristics : ‘ identification of needs/problems ; setting of objectives ; identification of alternative choices ; evaluation of alternatives ; choice of preferred alternatives ; implementation ; and monitoring feedback and review ’ ( Leach and Stewart 1982:6 ) .
the basic principles of scientific decision-making produce a model with the following characteristics : ‘ identification of needs/problems ; setting of objectives ; identification of [other option] choices ; evaluation of alternatives ; choice of preferred alternatives ; implementation ; and monitoring feedback and review ’ ( leach and stewart 1982:6 ) .

The collection and evaluation of the data necessary to make a full comparison of all the ‘ alternative choices ’ available in any policy process are beyond human capabilities , even when aided by computers .
the collection and evaluation of the data necessary to make a full comparison of all the ‘ [other option] choices ’ available in any policy process are beyond human capabilities , even when aided by computers .

Cost-benefit analysis attempts an answer to such questions , and can provide a helpful stimulus in comparing alternative courses of action , but it is costly and ultimately based upon value assumptions that are not always made clear to those who read the reports ( Self 1972:288 — 9 ) .
cost-benefit analysis attempts an answer to such questions , and can provide a helpful stimulus in comparing [other option] courses of action , but it is costly and ultimately based upon value assumptions that are not always made clear to those who read the reports ( self 1972:288 — 9 ) .

The difficulties of the present valuation system have been widely recognised and alternative proposals have been made .
the difficulties of the present valuation system have been widely recognised and [other option] proposals have been made .

The Layfield Report on Local Government Finance ( 1976 ) had favoured a local income tax , but this was unacceptable to the government ( see pages 112 — 13 ) and no alternative appeared able to raise the sums required .
the layfield report on local government finance ( 1976 ) had favoured a local income tax , but this was unacceptable to the government ( see pages 112 — 13 ) and no [other option] appeared able to raise the sums required .

One alternative to the present system of allowances would be to pay councillors a full-time salary .
one [other option] to the present system of allowances would be to pay councillors a full-time salary .

Montrose House would of course not be the only cost-effective alternative but it does give some idea of the scandalous waste of resources which is still going on in the semi-State sector .
montrose house would of course not be the only cost-effective [other option] but it does give some idea of the scandalous waste of resources which is still going on in the semi-state sector .

Johnny Hero has been a sterling encouragement to those same bands , promoting local and alternative music every Monday night on his Downtown Radio show .
johnny hero has been a sterling encouragement to those same bands , promoting local and [other option] music every monday night on his downtown radio show .

Many of the newer artists — from the mainstream songwriting qualities of Derry 's Noella Hutton to the more alternative Answer From Limbo — seemed well worth watching .
many of the newer artists — from the mainstream songwriting qualities of derry 's noella hutton to the more [other option] answer from limbo — seemed well worth watching .

The growing interest in the alternative comedy and cabaret scene is reflected in the festival by the inclusion on the bill of performers such as Perrier Award winning comedian Sean Hughes , satirist Dillie Keane and stand-up poet John Hegley .
the growing interest in the [other option] comedy and cabaret scene is reflected in the festival by the inclusion on the bill of performers such as perrier award winning comedian sean hughes , satirist dillie keane and stand-up poet john hegley .

But the Horde have always had other off-duty characters and both Simon 's fascination with Bryan Ferry and their collective alternative identity as the Last Bandits get reintegrated into the fold with the two ballads , ‘ Over Here ’ , and ‘ Friends In Time ’ .
but the horde have always had other off-duty characters and both simon 's fascination with bryan ferry and their collective [other option] identity as the last bandits get reintegrated into the fold with the two ballads , ‘ over here ’ , and ‘ friends in time ’ .

Alternative Carmody
[other option] carmody

‘ College and alternative radio are also very conservative .
‘ college and [other option] radio are also very conservative .

The sociologist may supply information , elucidate the context of problems , point to causes or conditions , indicate the advantages and costs of alternative courses of action … .
the sociologist may supply information , elucidate the context of problems , point to causes or conditions , indicate the advantages and costs of [other option] courses of action … .

The one- off payment could be increased to £300 , with an alternative rate of £400 for those wishing to contribute four yearly instalments of £100 , perhaps by Deed of Covenant .
the one- off payment could be increased to £300 , with an [other option] rate of £400 for those wishing to contribute four yearly instalments of £100 , perhaps by deed of covenant .

So long as it had appeared to be an alternative force to the Labour party , he kept clear .
so long as it had appeared to be an [other option] force to the labour party , he kept clear .

Habitat 's new range of rustic baskets includes this blue woven design that comes in three sizes . So , whether you 're looking for an alternative wastepaper bin , a planter or even kitchen storage , with prices starting at £18 you could use them for all these things and more
habitat 's new range of rustic baskets includes this blue woven design that comes in three sizes . so , whether you 're looking for an [other option] wastepaper bin , a planter or even kitchen storage , with prices starting at £18 you could use them for all these things and more

An alternative to covering the entire area with one type of flooring is to choose a smooth flooring ( such as wood , PVC-coated cork , vinyl or linoleum ) for the dining area and carpet for the living area .
an [other option] to covering the entire area with one type of flooring is to choose a smooth flooring ( such as wood , pvc-coated cork , vinyl or linoleum ) for the dining area and carpet for the living area .

An alternative to a kettle is a heating element , which will heat a mug of water in two to three minutes depending on voltage .
an [other option] to a kettle is a heating element , which will heat a mug of water in two to three minutes depending on voltage .

However , portable water filters provide another simple alternative .
however , portable water filters provide another simple [other option] .

Oddbins is the place to look for these alternative fizzes — especially with its special deal on sparklers , offering seven bottles for the price of six .
oddbins is the place to look for these [other option] fizzes — especially with its special deal on sparklers , offering seven bottles for the price of six .

More importantly , ‘ Son of Thatcher ’ also underestimates Major 's determination to develop an alternative agenda to match his quieter , more reasonable style .
more importantly , ‘ son of thatcher ’ also underestimates major 's determination to develop an [other option] agenda to match his quieter , more reasonable style .

Rajan 's alternative , however — of several major European centres — is backed by one potent argument .
rajan 's [other option] , however — of several major european centres — is backed by one potent argument .

Whatever the merits of alternative analyses , and however rare the 9,9 ideal may be among undoubted business leaders at the top of companies , the students are expected to take the Grid as gospel .
whatever the merits of [other option] analyses , and however rare the 9,9 ideal may be among undoubted business leaders at the top of companies , the students are expected to take the grid as gospel .

There may be no alternative institutional support .
there may be no [other option] institutional support .

Migration and fertility decline are alternative escapes from population pressure in societies sufficiently developed for mortality to be declining ( as in eighteenth century France ) and can to some extent substitute for each other ( Davis 1963 , Friedlander 1983 ) to relieve population pressure ( Woods and Smith 1983 ) .
migration and fertility decline are [other option] escapes from population pressure in societies sufficiently developed for mortality to be declining ( as in eighteenth century france ) and can to some extent substitute for each other ( davis 1963 , friedlander 1983 ) to relieve population pressure ( woods and smith 1983 ) .

Preparatory schools proliferated to replace tuition at home and to provide a middle-class alternative to the Board Schools following compulsory education in 1870 .
preparatory schools proliferated to replace tuition at home and to provide a middle-class [other option] to the board schools following compulsory education in 1870 .

The alternative and , in the last resort , not so very different view is that which sees the Hundred Years War as a wider civil war in which a policy of royal centralisation , based on Paris , was opposed not only by the dukes of Aquitaine and Normandy ( in both cases king of England ) , but by those of Brittany , and ( late in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries ) , Burgundy .
the [other option] and , in the last resort , not so very different view is that which sees the hundred years war as a wider civil war in which a policy of royal centralisation , based on paris , was opposed not only by the dukes of aquitaine and normandy ( in both cases king of england ) , but by those of brittany , and ( late in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries ) , burgundy .

But a sense of proportion must be maintained , and to regard artillery as an alternative to cavalry would be a mistake .
but a sense of proportion must be maintained , and to regard artillery as an [other option] to cavalry would be a mistake .

As an alternative home-conditioning treatment for dull , tired tresses , Henara 's famous Henna Treatment Wax , which is based on pure henna extracts and proteins , remains one of the most efficient and popular hair nourishing and polishing creams .
as an [other option] home-conditioning treatment for dull , tired tresses , henara 's famous henna treatment wax , which is based on pure henna extracts and proteins , remains one of the most efficient and popular hair nourishing and polishing creams .

Virgo 's , as sticklers for perfection , bathe in the satisfaction of your discovery that a Vitrite bath from Max Pike 's Bathroom Shop is the only real alternative to cast iron .
virgo 's , as sticklers for perfection , bathe in the satisfaction of your discovery that a vitrite bath from max pike 's bathroom shop is the only real [other option] to cast iron .

If the alternative Freelink pickup and/or set down point is more than 10 miles away from the one your originally booked , we will contribute £5 per person towards any extra costs that may be incurred by you and £10 per person if the alternative is more than 30 miles away .
if the [other option] freelink pickup and/or set down point is more than 10 miles away from the one your originally booked , we will contribute £5 per person towards any extra costs that may be incurred by you and £10 per person if the [other option] is more than 30 miles away .

Although it is unlikely , if we are forced to cancel your holiday arrangements we will inform you as soon as possible and you will be offered the choice of an alternative holiday of at least comparable standard , if available , or a refund of all monies paid .
although it is unlikely , if we are forced to cancel your holiday arrangements we will inform you as soon as possible and you will be offered the choice of an [other option] holiday of at least comparable standard , if available , or a refund of all monies paid .

Insurance premiums will be automatically added to your final invoice unless your alternative insurer is clearly indicated on your booking form .
insurance premiums will be automatically added to your final invoice unless your [other option] insurer is clearly indicated on your booking form .

However , we reserve the right to direct tours to alternative ports if necessary .
however , we reserve the right to direct tours to [other option] ports if necessary .

Realism , then , considers prudence — the weighing of the consequences of alternative political actions — to be the supreme virtue in politics .
realism , then , considers prudence — the weighing of the consequences of [other option] political actions — to be the supreme virtue in politics .

Kaplan offered an alternative conceptualization of the international system , one without Morgenthau 's reliance on the unobservable but crucial notion of a fixed human nature .
kaplan offered an [other option] conceptualization of the international system , one without morgenthau 's reliance on the unobservable but crucial notion of a fixed human nature .

Here instead are two famous paragraphs from Quine 's ‘ Two Dogmas of Empiricism ’ , which sum up the spirit of this fashionable alternative to Positive science :
here instead are two famous paragraphs from quine 's ‘ two dogmas of empiricism ’ , which sum up the spirit of this fashionable [other option] to positive science :

As with model answers to mathematical problems , one can then see how close the agent came to finding the right alternative by the right route .
as with model answers to mathematical problems , one can then see how close the agent came to finding the right [other option] by the right route .

For rather do anarchy and civil war result from the alternative , a polyarchy based on equality .
for rather do anarchy and civil war result from the [other option] , a polyarchy based on equality .

Alternative interpretations were still prevalent .
[other option] interpretations were still prevalent .

This betrayal appears to have provoked a large-scale opposition — as it were , an alternative ‘ fundamentalist ’ priesthood , militantly at odds with the established one which had prostituted itself to an illegitimate king .
this betrayal appears to have provoked a large-scale opposition — as it were , an [other option] ‘ fundamentalist ’ priesthood , militantly at odds with the established one which had prostituted itself to an illegitimate king .

For Simon Peter , Paul 's position is a viable alternative to despair .
for simon peter , paul 's position is a viable [other option] to despair .

As we discussed in our previous book , there is a substantial body of evidence in favour of the latter alternative .
as we discussed in our previous book , there is a substantial body of evidence in favour of the latter [other option] .

In effect , the monasteries came to represent a kind of alternative administrative structure , which owed nothing to — and often clashed directly with — Rome .
in effect , the monasteries came to represent a kind of [other option] administrative structure , which owed nothing to — and often clashed directly with — rome .

Probably because Rome had no alternative if she hoped to establish her dominion over Ireland at all .
probably because rome had no [other option] if she hoped to establish her dominion over ireland at all .

Consequently , an alternative projection of future trends was attempted by comparing the figures obtained from those agencies who were involved in both surveys .
consequently , an [other option] projection of future trends was attempted by comparing the figures obtained from those agencies who were involved in both surveys .

Smaller , attractively priced guest houses are available as an alternative to the hotel .
smaller , attractively priced guest houses are available as an [other option] to the hotel .

An alternative , but equally popular and relaxing boat-trip is the cruise to the town of Bernkastel .
an [other option] , but equally popular and relaxing boat-trip is the cruise to the town of bernkastel .

Article 15 contains in effect two alternative sets of rules . The first reads as follows ;
article 15 contains in effect two [other option] sets of rules . the first reads as follows ;

The court did , however , renew the validity of the writ for a period of four months , notwithstanding the expiry both of the writ and the limitation period , to allow alternative means of service to be used .
the court did , however , renew the validity of the writ for a period of four months , notwithstanding the expiry both of the writ and the limitation period , to allow [other option] means of service to be used .

Counsel on both sides seem to have accepted that an Anton Piller order could have extra-territorial reach ; the challenge made for the defendant rested partly on an argument that an English court could not deal with title to or possession of foreign immovables ( rejected as there was an equity between the parties ) and partly on a plea of forum non conveniens ( rejected on the facts , and because reliance on an application in an alternative forum would cause a delay during which assets could be disposed of ) .
counsel on both sides seem to have accepted that an anton piller order could have extra-territorial reach ; the challenge made for the defendant rested partly on an argument that an english court could not deal with title to or possession of foreign immovables ( rejected as there was an equity between the parties ) and partly on a plea of forum non conveniens ( rejected on the facts , and because reliance on an application in an [other option] forum would cause a delay during which assets could be disposed of ) .

Similar arguments would seem applicable were proceedings in the English courts to be stayed on the basis of forum non conveniens , the injunction continuing subject to proceedings in the alternative forum being commenced within a prescribed period of time .
similar arguments would seem applicable were proceedings in the english courts to be stayed on the basis of forum non conveniens , the injunction continuing subject to proceedings in the [other option] forum being commenced within a prescribed period of time .

The alternative is to receive a deposition prepared on the basis of an examination of the witness ( including his cross-examination ) before a person appointed by the court .
the [other option] is to receive a deposition prepared on the basis of an examination of the witness ( including his cross-examination ) before a person appointed by the court .

If the deposition is to be taken in England ( and there may be cases in which a foreign witness can be available in England but not at the date of the trial ) , the examination will be before a judge , officer or ( usually ) an examiner of the court ; if the deposition is to be taken abroad , alternative ways of proceeding are available .
if the deposition is to be taken in england ( and there may be cases in which a foreign witness can be available in england but not at the date of the trial ) , the examination will be before a judge , officer or ( usually ) an examiner of the court ; if the deposition is to be taken abroad , [other option] ways of proceeding are available .

The alternative mode of procedure is for the court to make an order under Order 39 , rule 1 of the Rules of the Supreme Court for the issue of a letter of request to the judicial authorities of the country in which the proposed witness is , asking that they take , or cause to be taken , the evidence of that person .
the [other option] mode of procedure is for the court to make an order under order 39 , rule 1 of the rules of the supreme court for the issue of a letter of request to the judicial authorities of the country in which the proposed witness is , asking that they take , or cause to be taken , the evidence of that person .

where the alternative would be to transport witnesses to the United States , but , as the French authorities have pointed out , where the request is a straightforward one , it is sometimes cheaper to use a Letter of Request , rather than appoint a commissioner .
where the [other option] would be to transport witnesses to the united states , but , as the french authorities have pointed out , where the request is a straightforward one , it is sometimes cheaper to use a letter of request , rather than appoint a commissioner .

the availability of alternative means of securing the information ; and
the availability of [other option] means of securing the information ; and

Haute cuisine in the beautiful Chambertin Restaurant , with a more relaxed alternative offered in the elegant Carver 's Table restaurant where you can help yourself as to as much roast beef , lamp or pork ( hot or cold ) as you wish or the Balcony Restaurant offering quick service and budget menu .
haute cuisine in the beautiful chambertin restaurant , with a more relaxed [other option] offered in the elegant carver 's table restaurant where you can help yourself as to as much roast beef , lamp or pork ( hot or cold ) as you wish or the balcony restaurant offering quick service and budget menu .

Haute cuisine in the beautiful Chambertin Restaurant with a more informal alternative offered in the elegant Carver 's Table Restaurant .
haute cuisine in the beautiful chambertin restaurant with a more informal [other option] offered in the elegant carver 's table restaurant .

Alternative Sponsors : Other sponsors will step forward if tobacco sponsorship is banned . For example :
[other option] sponsors : other sponsors will step forward if tobacco sponsorship is banned . for example :

Given our current state of knowledge about the dementing diseases we have few alternative options .
given our current state of knowledge about the dementing diseases we have few [other option] options .

The alternative to universal screening is a more selective approach , focusing upon the high risk groups .
the [other option] to universal screening is a more selective approach , focusing upon the high risk groups .

It seems that most who enter care do so because there appears to be little alternative because they require high levels of care .
it seems that most who enter care do so because there appears to be little [other option] because they require high levels of care .

An example of the alternative approach is available from the work of Jones et al .
an example of the [other option] approach is available from the work of jones et al .

After all , while most of us would condemn escapism as a total way of life , our capacity to use our imaginations to construct alternative worlds into which we can temporarily retreat is certainly a central human characteristic and seems , on the whole , a valuable one .
after all , while most of us would condemn escapism as a total way of life , our capacity to use our imaginations to construct [other option] worlds into which we can temporarily retreat is certainly a central human characteristic and seems , on the whole , a valuable one .

The chances are that in an adult novel — certainly in Masefield 's sea-stories — this kind of instant personal illumination would have been avoided : the alternative , an allusive type of dialogue , would have shifted the emphasis from what is really authorial statement to an implied point of character .
the chances are that in an adult novel — certainly in masefield 's sea-stories — this kind of instant personal illumination would have been avoided : the [other option] , an allusive type of dialogue , would have shifted the emphasis from what is really authorial statement to an implied point of character .

It is against a background of near hysteria that we set out to propose an alternative account of what is happening on the football terraces — an account based not on the second-hand rhetoric of myth-creating media men but on our faith in people 's ability to render their own social action intelligible and meaningful .
it is against a background of near hysteria that we set out to propose an [other option] account of what is happening on the football terraces — an account based not on the second-hand rhetoric of myth-creating media men but on our faith in people 's ability to render their own social action intelligible and meaningful .

In addition to the above criteria of articulation and recognition of breaches , a further necessary condition must be satisfied : actions can only be said to be rule-governed when some other alternative actions are possible .
in addition to the above criteria of articulation and recognition of breaches , a further necessary condition must be satisfied : actions can only be said to be rule-governed when some other [other option] actions are possible .

Rules are arbitrary in character and are to do with the manner in which people choose between alternative modes of conduct .
rules are arbitrary in character and are to do with the manner in which people choose between [other option] modes of conduct .

To bring our participants ' social world to life in the kind of detail that is likely to carry conviction we must not just plunge into descriptions of the world of school and football ground , since without the concepts to see it no alternative to the official picture is likely to emerge .
to bring our participants ' social world to life in the kind of detail that is likely to carry conviction we must not just plunge into descriptions of the world of school and football ground , since without the concepts to see it no [other option] to the official picture is likely to emerge .

Hand-shaking , nose-rubbing , and courtly bowing , are among the alternative actions by means of which a greeting can be carried out .
hand-shaking , nose-rubbing , and courtly bowing , are among the [other option] actions by means of which a greeting can be carried out .

But in each ceremony alternative devices could have taken the place of the handshake .
but in each ceremony [other option] devices could have taken the place of the handshake .

The school is the type that has not adapted itself to alternative , non-academic needs and which , in general , is not sensitive to the fact that pupils are people with as much right as anyone else to be respected .
the school is the type that has not adapted itself to [other option] , non-academic needs and which , in general , is not sensitive to the fact that pupils are people with as much right as anyone else to be respected .

The accounts in hand would seem to favour this alternative suggestion , whether within the narrower confines of school society and the rejection of school rules , or within the wider context of acting against the laws of British society as a whole .
the accounts in hand would seem to favour this [other option] suggestion , whether within the narrower confines of school society and the rejection of school rules , or within the wider context of acting against the laws of british society as a whole .

An Alternative View of School
an [other option] view of school

School seems to offer both our groups of informants very little in the way of opportunities alternative to those formulated in the official theory of educational establishments .
school seems to offer both our groups of informants very little in the way of opportunities [other option] to those formulated in the official theory of educational establishments .

The effect of this was that young fans rarely got the opportunity to travel on the Supporters ' Club coaches and , since travelling by British Rail was often a hazardous and expensive venture , alternative arrangements were needed .
the effect of this was that young fans rarely got the opportunity to travel on the supporters ' club coaches and , since travelling by british rail was often a hazardous and expensive venture , [other option] arrangements were needed .

She had joined the course at her parents ' insistence and while it was n't her idea of fun at the time it seemed a better alternative than being behind a typewriter .
she had joined the course at her parents ' insistence and while it was n't her idea of fun at the time it seemed a better [other option] than being behind a typewriter .

Three old mill stones serve as the steps up to the door of the mill , an aesthetically appealing alternative use for them now that they are no longer required for the purpose for which they were designed .
three old mill stones serve as the steps up to the door of the mill , an aesthetically appealing [other option] use for them now that they are no longer required for the purpose for which they were designed .

One view central to the lawyer/economist is that , in a world where , on the one hand , resources ( all of which have alternative uses ) are limited through scarcity and where on the other hand , there exists the insatiable human desire to consume those resources , then inevitably , trade-offs and choices must somehow be made .
one view central to the lawyer/economist is that , in a world where , on the one hand , resources ( all of which have [other option] uses ) are limited through scarcity and where on the other hand , there exists the insatiable human desire to consume those resources , then inevitably , trade-offs and choices must somehow be made .

The tentative application of economics to law overcomes the problems associated with pure legal scholarship by taking elements of both approaches in order to provide alternative perspectives from which to view the one problem .
the tentative application of economics to law overcomes the problems associated with pure legal scholarship by taking elements of both approaches in order to provide [other option] perspectives from which to view the one problem .

The technique 's most overt strength centres on the alternative insight that it affords into similar , if not identical , problem areas .
the technique 's most overt strength centres on the [other option] insight that it affords into similar , if not identical , problem areas .

This alternative viewpoint is useful in itself from three perspectives .
this [other option] viewpoint is useful in itself from three perspectives .

Section 61 : an Alternative to Section 62 ?
section 61 : an [other option] to section 62 ?

Guests can visit the beautiful public park and lakeside beauty spots or the fragrant pinewoods close by , which makes an alternative change from the beach .
guests can visit the beautiful public park and lakeside beauty spots or the fragrant pinewoods close by , which makes an [other option] change from the beach .

As an alternative , guests can buy snacks and full meals in the hotel 's own taverna .
as an [other option] , guests can buy snacks and full meals in the hotel 's own taverna .

An alternative hypothesis is that lower birth weight results from the phenotypic expression of a genetic β cell defect associated with reduced fetal insulin secretion and reduced anabolic activity in utero .
an [other option] hypothesis is that lower birth weight results from the phenotypic expression of a genetic β cell defect associated with reduced fetal insulin secretion and reduced anabolic activity in utero .

Banning the editor from publication in the journal seems extreme if there are few alternative outlets .
banning the editor from publication in the journal seems extreme if there are few [other option] outlets .

As orthodox doctors we are rightly dubious about alternative medicine and unqualified allopathists , but importing political correctness into a vocation that is not wholly scientific is loathsome .
as orthodox doctors we are rightly dubious about [other option] medicine and unqualified allopathists , but importing political correctness into a vocation that is not wholly scientific is loathsome .

Without experience , Kay states this technique , citing imaginary dangers and ignoring risks of alternative treatments such as desensitisation and steroids .
without experience , kay states this technique , citing imaginary dangers and ignoring risks of [other option] treatments such as desensitisation and steroids .

The first shot in this battle was fired when a copy of a draft of the Royal College of Physicians ' report Allergy : Conventional and Alternative Concepts was produced in a case in the High Court .
the first shot in this battle was fired when a copy of a draft of the royal college of physicians ' report allergy : conventional and [other option] concepts was produced in a case in the high court .

The alternative strategy is to inform patients whether a given method of diagnosis or treatment has been properly tested for efficacy so that they can make an informed choice .
the [other option] strategy is to inform patients whether a given method of diagnosis or treatment has been properly tested for efficacy so that they can make an informed choice .

In response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .
in response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or [other option] ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .

They find their way to alternative allergists because they read articles in newspapers and magazines that are written by naive journalists or planted by efficient public relations experts .
they find their way to [other option] allergists because they read articles in newspapers and magazines that are written by naive journalists or planted by efficient public relations experts .

The Royal College of Physicians and similar organisations overseas have studied alternative allergy and found it wanting in scientific credibility and clinical usefulness .
the royal college of physicians and similar organisations overseas have studied [other option] allergy and found it wanting in scientific credibility and clinical usefulness .

The long term answer does not lie in proving or disproving the validity of alternative allergy tests .
the long term answer does not lie in proving or disproving the validity of [other option] allergy tests .

Alternative traditions to the analytic one are mostly to be found in Continental Europe ( and in some North American universities ) . Montefiore and Ishiguro ( 1979 ) point out :
[other option] traditions to the analytic one are mostly to be found in continental europe ( and in some north american universities ) . montefiore and ishiguro ( 1979 ) point out :

This is not simply an alternative or complementary perspective , since it raises directly the issue that what counts as a philosophical problem is itself an issue for critical inquiry .
this is not simply an [other option] or complementary perspective , since it raises directly the issue that what counts as a philosophical problem is itself an issue for critical inquiry .

Her argument is that Irigaray , as a psychoanalyst , sees psychoanalysis as a process of change rather than as a scientific theory : Irigaray 's work suggests ways in which psychoanalysis could be seen as a model for feminists seeking fundamental social change , in particular by proposing an alternative model for the relation between the rational and the non-rational which would be more satisfactory than the dominant paradigm .
her argument is that irigaray , as a psychoanalyst , sees psychoanalysis as a process of change rather than as a scientific theory : irigaray 's work suggests ways in which psychoanalysis could be seen as a model for feminists seeking fundamental social change , in particular by proposing an [other option] model for the relation between the rational and the non-rational which would be more satisfactory than the dominant paradigm .

She proposes an alternative model of mind in which feelings are paid sufficient attention , and in which , through language , they are seen to be intelligent rather than rational , non-rational or irrational .
she proposes an [other option] model of mind in which feelings are paid sufficient attention , and in which , through language , they are seen to be intelligent rather than rational , non-rational or irrational .

Criticising a rights-based ethics , she suggests that an alternative view of morality is needed which would include a typically feminine way of conceptualising the relationship between self and other .
criticising a rights-based ethics , she suggests that an [other option] view of morality is needed which would include a typically feminine way of conceptualising the relationship between self and other .

Junkers has come up with an ecological alternative to worktops made from tropical hardwoods .
junkers has come up with an ecological [other option] to worktops made from tropical hardwoods .

Price is around £120 per 1220mm ( 4′ ) run , which is a cost-effective alternative to a tropical hardwood .
price is around £120 per 1220mm ( 4′ ) run , which is a cost-effective [other option] to a tropical hardwood .

If you fancy an alternative to tiling to transform a jaded bathroom , Home Additions ' decorative cladding is easy to install and maintain .
if you fancy an [other option] to tiling to transform a jaded bathroom , home additions ' decorative cladding is easy to install and maintain .

An attractive alternative would be to use a herringbone pattern
an attractive [other option] would be to use a herringbone pattern

An alternative is to lay lightweight insulating material , such as Micafil ( a loose-lay vermiculite ) , or Rockwool or glass-fibre blanket under floorboards , between joists — see caption , right .
an [other option] is to lay lightweight insulating material , such as micafil ( a loose-lay vermiculite ) , or rockwool or glass-fibre blanket under floorboards , between joists — see caption , right .

Oxfords and brogue styles have been standard office issue for most of this century , but in the last 30 years the loafer has — thanks to its American and Italian perfectors — become a relaxed and stylish alternative to lace-ups , but there are purists who still harbour doubts about its suitability for the boardroom .
oxfords and brogue styles have been standard office issue for most of this century , but in the last 30 years the loafer has — thanks to its american and italian perfectors — become a relaxed and stylish [other option] to lace-ups , but there are purists who still harbour doubts about its suitability for the boardroom .

Last month 's column on stress brought a flood of enquiries for information on alternative treatments .
last month 's column on stress brought a flood of enquiries for information on [other option] treatments .

She began to look into alternative methods of treatment — natural remedies , hypnotherapy , etc — and resented me for not participating and not having the right attitude .
she began to look into [other option] methods of treatment — natural remedies , hypnotherapy , etc — and resented me for not participating and not having the right attitude .

Another alternative is an adjustable peg arrangement under which exchange rates are fixed at agreed values , but revaluations and devaluations of currencies can be undertaken under certain conditions .
another [other option] is an adjustable peg arrangement under which exchange rates are fixed at agreed values , but revaluations and devaluations of currencies can be undertaken under certain conditions .

Once the system of fixed exchange rates had been abandoned there was no alternative but for currencies to float .
once the system of fixed exchange rates had been abandoned there was no [other option] but for currencies to float .

Table 10.3 provides the alternative presentation .
table 10.3 provides the [other option] presentation .

An alternative view is closely associated with the work of Milton Friedman from the middle 1950s onwards .
an [other option] view is closely associated with the work of milton friedman from the middle 1950s onwards .

It was against this background of ‘ stagflation ’ that monetarism increasingly became more influential , providing as it did an alternative explanation of the economic problems of the time as well as a potential remedy .
it was against this background of ‘ stagflation ’ that monetarism increasingly became more influential , providing as it did an [other option] explanation of the economic problems of the time as well as a potential remedy .

The economist 's role in all this is essentially to make the policy-maker aware of these trade-offs and to advise him of the suitability of alternative policy tools for the achievement of objectives .
the economist 's role in all this is essentially to make the policy-maker aware of these trade-offs and to advise him of the suitability of [other option] policy tools for the achievement of objectives .

It is probable that both the authorities and the banking system felt the need for an alternative approach to monetary management , and after wide-ranging discussions between the Bank and financial intermediaries , the arrangements embodied in the document Competition and Credit Control became operative on 16 September 1971 .
it is probable that both the authorities and the banking system felt the need for an [other option] approach to monetary management , and after wide-ranging discussions between the bank and financial intermediaries , the arrangements embodied in the document competition and credit control became operative on 16 september 1971 .

As soon as government discovers an alternative way of maintaining an incentive to work , such as reducing unemployment and supplementary benefits to below subsistence level , then child benefit will once more be at risk .
as soon as government discovers an [other option] way of maintaining an incentive to work , such as reducing unemployment and supplementary benefits to below subsistence level , then child benefit will once more be at risk .

Formal labour markets in capitalist economies have never been able to provide paid employment for everyone who needed it , and short of allowing wage-labourers and their families of future wage-labourers to starve , either individual capitalists or the state on their behalf had to provide alternative means of support .
formal labour markets in capitalist economies have never been able to provide paid employment for everyone who needed it , and short of allowing wage-labourers and their families of future wage-labourers to starve , either individual capitalists or the state on their behalf had to provide [other option] means of support .

Living Together as Husband and Wife shows that the state clearly recognises the importance of maintaining housewives as dependants since the alternative — redistributing wealth not just within the state but within the family — is too expensive and subversive to contemplate .
living together as husband and wife shows that the state clearly recognises the importance of maintaining housewives as dependants since the [other option] — redistributing wealth not just within the state but within the family — is too expensive and subversive to contemplate .

Orders which allow a wife to remain in occupation of the marital home until her youngest child leaves , in effect , put off her housing problems until middle age , when she is often without an income or sufficient capital to make continued owner-occupation a realistic alternative .
orders which allow a wife to remain in occupation of the marital home until her youngest child leaves , in effect , put off her housing problems until middle age , when she is often without an income or sufficient capital to make continued owner-occupation a realistic [other option] .

Inevitably single women with children and elderly women form an important part of this group , and indeed , housing associations and co-ops have been important in providing groups with an opportunity to live collectively as a positive alternative to the nuclear family .
inevitably single women with children and elderly women form an important part of this group , and indeed , housing associations and co-ops have been important in providing groups with an opportunity to live collectively as a positive [other option] to the nuclear family .

In formulating any alternative housing policy , feminists need to consider both the availability and provision of low-cost adequate housing , and the form in which they are provided .
in formulating any [other option] housing policy , feminists need to consider both the availability and provision of low-cost adequate housing , and the form in which they are provided .

It was not an alternative to cultural transmission , but in addition to it .
it was not an [other option] to cultural transmission , but in addition to it .

The alternative on steepening rock is to begin abseiling , and on popular routes bunches of pegs and slings indicate the points at which such tactics are usually adopted .
the [other option] on steepening rock is to begin abseiling , and on popular routes bunches of pegs and slings indicate the points at which such tactics are usually adopted .

We could only surmise that alternative passages must have been worse .
we could only surmise that [other option] passages must have been worse .

The face was spotted from canoes last year and though an alpine approach is possible , a seaborne approach seems a good alternative .
the face was spotted from canoes last year and though an alpine approach is possible , a seaborne approach seems a good [other option] .

Their supply ships were held up by contrary winds , and Edward was faced with no alternative but an inglorious retreat to England .
their supply ships were held up by contrary winds , and edward was faced with no [other option] but an inglorious retreat to england .

Once assumed , the title could only be renounced in return for the most substantial concessions , and as long as Edward called himself Ring of France he could pose , with some success , as an alternative government to the Valois monarchy .
once assumed , the title could only be renounced in return for the most substantial concessions , and as long as edward called himself ring of france he could pose , with some success , as an [other option] government to the valois monarchy .

Ministers have for many years seemed to regard them as a somewhat unnecessary alternative to the roads .
ministers have for many years seemed to regard them as a somewhat unnecessary [other option] to the roads .

An Essex County Council spokesman said the authority was unable to provide alternative travel for pupils affected by the strike , and parents should make their own arrangements if possible .
an essex county council spokesman said the authority was unable to provide [other option] travel for pupils affected by the strike , and parents should make their own arrangements if possible .

Although the council pays for pupils ' season tickets , parents are entitled to the refund to help cover the costs of alternative transport .
although the council pays for pupils ' season tickets , parents are entitled to the refund to help cover the costs of [other option] transport .

There is no alternative supplier .
there is no [other option] supplier .

He described the Health Department 's plan to put the onus on the patient as a red herring , and said alternative arrangements had to be found .
he described the health department 's plan to put the onus on the patient as a red herring , and said [other option] arrangements had to be found .

Engineers have still not located the fault and an alternative control board has been installed .
engineers have still not located the fault and an [other option] control board has been installed .

During the union 's last strike on April 16 , Britain 's 11,000 mile rail network was brought to a standstill and nearly 100,000 London-bound East Anglian passengers were forced to either stay at home or make alternative arrangements to reach the capital .
during the union 's last strike on april 16 , britain 's 11,000 mile rail network was brought to a standstill and nearly 100,000 london-bound east anglian passengers were forced to either stay at home or make [other option] arrangements to reach the capital .

But although the impact of women 's liberation remains resilient in the culture , a question remains : given the assumption that the road to liberation lay , among other things , in women 's economic independence , what happens when employment ceases to be an alternative `` destiny `` ?
but although the impact of women 's liberation remains resilient in the culture , a question remains : given the assumption that the road to liberation lay , among other things , in women 's economic independence , what happens when employment ceases to be an [other option] `` destiny `` ?

They are going it alone not only because they happened to `` get caught out `` , but because it is an alternative to aimless adolescence on the dole . ``
they are going it alone not only because they happened to `` get caught out `` , but because it is an [other option] to aimless adolescence on the dole . ``

To assist in the development of alternative forms of non-polluting electricity generation .
to assist in the development of [other option] forms of non-polluting electricity generation .

alternative articles
[other option] articles

Failure of crops and transportation delays must be foreseen and alternative arrangements made quickly and efficiently .
failure of crops and transportation delays must be foreseen and [other option] arrangements made quickly and efficiently .

Research and Development We will continue to seek suitable alternative raw materials that have a reduced impact on the environment throughout their life cycle .
research and development we will continue to seek suitable [other option] raw materials that have a reduced impact on the environment throughout their life cycle .

For National Certificate modules it has been possible for some time to approve alternative outcomes , under certain circumstances , for students with special needs of all kinds .
for national certificate modules it has been possible for some time to approve [other option] outcomes , under certain circumstances , for students with special needs of all kinds .

The second level can be taken as an alternative to a Higher course for some students .
the second level can be taken as an [other option] to a higher course for some students .

Alternative routes to certification
[other option] routes to certification

the cost of reasonable alternative accommodation if this is necessary
the cost of reasonable [other option] accommodation if this is necessary

Reasonable alternative accommodation , if this is necessary .
reasonable [other option] accommodation , if this is necessary .

However , if it is felt that the estimate is excessive , an alternative estimate should be obtained .
however , if it is felt that the estimate is excessive , an [other option] estimate should be obtained .

Where a quotation is submitted for replacement of an item , the cost should be compared against Comp-U-Claim or alternative suppliers to establish whether we can obtain the item more cheaply elsewhere .
where a quotation is submitted for replacement of an item , the cost should be compared against comp-u-claim or [other option] suppliers to establish whether we can obtain the item more cheaply elsewhere .

Then , at least , the Policyholder can consider alternative ways of dealing with the loss .
then , at least , the policyholder can consider [other option] ways of dealing with the loss .

There are cases where the claimant is unable to satisfy the registration requirements with the Department of Employment as they are in receipt of an alternative benefit .
there are cases where the claimant is unable to satisfy the registration requirements with the department of employment as they are in receipt of an [other option] benefit .

If the incapacity is lengthy , or becomes permanent , examine closely the third party 's job prospects , if possible , within his present employment and the possibility of obtaining alternative employment .
if the incapacity is lengthy , or becomes permanent , examine closely the third party 's job prospects , if possible , within his present employment and the possibility of obtaining [other option] employment .

If we have no alternative — because of the connection — then this endorsement should be applied .
if we have no [other option] — because of the connection — then this endorsement should be applied .

The Board is entitled to require you not to attend at any place of work and they may otherwise suspend you from the performance of your duties under this appointment where that course is a necessary precaution in the public interest or otherwise in the interests of the Board pending the outcome of criminal , disciplinary or other investigations or proceedings and where no alternative course is reasonably appropriate .
the board is entitled to require you not to attend at any place of work and they may otherwise suspend you from the performance of your duties under this appointment where that course is a necessary precaution in the public interest or otherwise in the interests of the board pending the outcome of criminal , disciplinary or other investigations or proceedings and where no [other option] course is reasonably appropriate .

Have you analysed your data systematically and fairly , considering alternative interpretations ?
have you analysed your data systematically and fairly , considering [other option] interpretations ?

An alternative record was a video , made by the staff of the nursery school with some of the parents .
an [other option] record was a video , made by the staff of the nursery school with some of the parents .

Floating an effective alternative
floating an effective [other option]

But there is also no doubt in his mind that an alternative must be found for the smaller company .
but there is also no doubt in his mind that an [other option] must be found for the smaller company .

It would certainly be in the interest of the clearing banks were an alternative market to be formed .
it would certainly be in the interest of the clearing banks were an [other option] market to be formed .

‘ It 's terribly important that a proper alternative market for the smaller and medium-sized business is now found .
‘ it 's terribly important that a proper [other option] market for the smaller and medium-sized business is now found .

The alternative is to have the whole process done in open court , with the defendant there to hear what is actually said .
the [other option] is to have the whole process done in open court , with the defendant there to hear what is actually said .

In the absence of more detailed evidence we can only speculate whether the more vocationally , or instrumentally , motivated applicants are , the less willing they will be to consider other , alternative courses and institutions if they do not get on to the course they wanted .
in the absence of more detailed evidence we can only speculate whether the more vocationally , or instrumentally , motivated applicants are , the less willing they will be to consider other , [other option] courses and institutions if they do not get on to the course they wanted .

They may be less likely to be put off enrolling on alternative courses .
they may be less likely to be put off enrolling on [other option] courses .

As an alternative means of adding security , the bill[s] of exchange may be sent with shipping documents — the buyer only obtains title to the goods once the bill[s] have been accepted for payment at a future date [ or , if the bill is payable ‘ at sight ’ , when payment has been made ] .
as an [other option] means of adding security , the bill[s] of exchange may be sent with shipping documents — the buyer only obtains title to the goods once the bill[s] have been accepted for payment at a future date [ or , if the bill is payable ‘ at sight ’ , when payment has been made ] .

As commercial disputants look to other means of settling disputes — tribunal , arbitration , alternative dispute resolution — it is hard enough that law firms are having to set themselves up in competition with non-lawyers to provide these services .
as commercial disputants look to other means of settling disputes — tribunal , arbitration , [other option] dispute resolution — it is hard enough that law firms are having to set themselves up in competition with non-lawyers to provide these services .

However , an alternative treatment is possible , according to Customs .
however , an [other option] treatment is possible , according to customs .

Although difficult in established businesses , an alternative is to re-create customer expectations rather than change the actuality .
although difficult in established businesses , an [other option] is to re-create customer expectations rather than change the actuality .

Chess Club An alternative meeting night is requested as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .
chess club an [other option] meeting night is requested as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .

What about which year joined as alternative to years of Membership , since some may have joined as an Associate ?
what about which year joined as [other option] to years of membership , since some may have joined as an associate ?

Thus discourses associated with government will receive more coverage than those associated with , for example , the Green Party , although in Britain at least there are alternative publications which favour the ‘ green ’ view , and newspapers which , if they do n't publish official Green discourses , do attempt to cover environmental issues from other approaches .
thus discourses associated with government will receive more coverage than those associated with , for example , the green party , although in britain at least there are [other option] publications which favour the ‘ green ’ view , and newspapers which , if they do n't publish official green discourses , do attempt to cover environmental issues from other approaches .

The requirements which would be entailed by a access onto Drum Brae Terrace as an alternative have been discussed and would require to be assessed in relation to the likely traffic movements .
the requirements which would be entailed by a access onto drum brae terrace as an [other option] have been discussed and would require to be assessed in relation to the likely traffic movements .

However , should there be any difficulty in siting the panel on the pillar , perhaps one of you could discuss with the Publicity Assistants an alternative and suitable site .
however , should there be any difficulty in siting the panel on the pillar , perhaps one of you could discuss with the publicity assistants an [other option] and suitable site .

Where a user makes a specific request to exercise their statutory right for an eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , either as an alternative to or in addition to the voluntary screening programme , then the request should be accommodated and during this interim period the user permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their choice .
where a user makes a specific request to exercise their statutory right for an eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , either as an [other option] to or in addition to the voluntary screening programme , then the request should be accommodated and during this interim period the user permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their choice .

The burdens and lack of stability of his social community became unbearable and the poet yearns for an age of permanence and simplicity to provide him with an alternative to the real world .
the burdens and lack of stability of his social community became unbearable and the poet yearns for an age of permanence and simplicity to provide him with an [other option] to the real world .

Still critical of the economic and social pressures which centred around the city they could yet find no alternative in this countryside where nature , it was known , was not Marlowe 's ‘ beds of roses ‘ .
still critical of the economic and social pressures which centred around the city they could yet find no [other option] in this countryside where nature , it was known , was not marlowe 's ‘ beds of roses ‘ .

His programming offered no alternative but to continue his mission .
his programming offered no [other option] but to continue his mission .

As an alternative to placing your account with a bank , you may do so at a building society , many of which offer similar services .
as an [other option] to placing your account with a bank , you may do so at a building society , many of which offer similar services .

5 No cash alternative will be offered .
5 no cash [other option] will be offered .

‘ There is n't an alternative , is there ?
‘ there is n't an [other option] , is there ?

Where other levels of work are being done they will be given up as soon as satisfactory alternative arrangements can be made .
where other levels of work are being done they will be given up as soon as satisfactory [other option] arrangements can be made .

Whether the colleges saw the DipHE as a genuine alternative to existing provision , or as a structural device for redesigning their curriculum , is open to doubt .
whether the colleges saw the diphe as a genuine [other option] to existing provision , or as a structural device for redesigning their curriculum , is open to doubt .

Given the commitment to its having the same entry qualifications as the degree , it did not become a clear alternative for large numbers of students .
given the commitment to its having the same entry qualifications as the degree , it did not become a clear [other option] for large numbers of students .

On the other hand , if we ignore the ego and its functions in man and concentrate on his instincts as if they could totally account for his behaviour as they do in animals who lack an ego , we should fall into the alternative trap of failing to account for his culture at all except as the outcome of doubtful instinctual behaviour of an altruistic or civilized kind .
on the other hand , if we ignore the ego and its functions in man and concentrate on his instincts as if they could totally account for his behaviour as they do in animals who lack an ego , we should fall into the [other option] trap of failing to account for his culture at all except as the outcome of doubtful instinctual behaviour of an altruistic or civilized kind .

He is the son of the phallic mother who has overcome her and fused with her to become a living equivalent of the perfect primal mother , not through self-castration ( the depressive alternative ) , but through manic self-assertion : a sentiment nicely summed up in the ritual of Cybele and her son Attis : ‘ a feeding on milk , as though we were born again ; after which rejoicing and garlands and as it were a return to the gods .
he is the son of the phallic mother who has overcome her and fused with her to become a living equivalent of the perfect primal mother , not through self-castration ( the depressive [other option] ) , but through manic self-assertion : a sentiment nicely summed up in the ritual of cybele and her son attis : ‘ a feeding on milk , as though we were born again ; after which rejoicing and garlands and as it were a return to the gods .

The consequence of this is that women are feared because they are seen to be sexually aggressive , and relations with men are spoiled because a close tie to them , which might otherwise constitute a conflict-free alternative nevertheless connotes a parallel threat of passive dependency .
the consequence of this is that women are feared because they are seen to be sexually aggressive , and relations with men are spoiled because a close tie to them , which might otherwise constitute a conflict-free [other option] nevertheless connotes a parallel threat of passive dependency .

Turning now to the manic alternative to depression , we find that in welfare totalitarianisms periodic alcoholic intoxication constitutes the externalized equivalent of the purely psychic state of intoxication which is produced by internal means in the manic individual .
turning now to the manic [other option] to depression , we find that in welfare totalitarianisms periodic alcoholic intoxication constitutes the externalized equivalent of the purely psychic state of intoxication which is produced by internal means in the manic individual .

The Alternative Prospectus , Welfare , Overseas , Mature and Postgraduate Student handbooks are just part of the information service you receive from the Students ' Association before arriving .
the [other option] prospectus , welfare , overseas , mature and postgraduate student handbooks are just part of the information service you receive from the students ' association before arriving .

Alternative qualifications which are considered include Open University courses , access courses and diplomas from adult education colleges .
[other option] qualifications which are considered include open university courses , access courses and diplomas from adult education colleges .

Students of French , German , Hispanic Studies ( Spanish or Portuguese ) , Italian and Scandinavian Studies are required to spend eight months of their third year in residence abroad ( South America may be an alternative to Spain for students of Spanish ) .
students of french , german , hispanic studies ( spanish or portuguese ) , italian and scandinavian studies are required to spend eight months of their third year in residence abroad ( south america may be an [other option] to spain for students of spanish ) .

Choice is based on students ' background and interests , and , in some cases , alternative courses may be taken .
choice is based on students ' background and interests , and , in some cases , [other option] courses may be taken .

The broad range of concepts in the Geology course produces graduates who are adaptable to alternative professions in industry and commerce .
the broad range of concepts in the geology course produces graduates who are adaptable to [other option] professions in industry and commerce .

Some advance their careers by moving into nurse teaching , management or research , while some find that other countries and international health care organisations provide alternative career opportunities .
some advance their careers by moving into nurse teaching , management or research , while some find that other countries and international health care organisations provide [other option] career opportunities .

The judiciary only resort to disciplinary action in the most blatant cases , where the alternative would make us look even worse .
the judiciary only resort to disciplinary action in the most blatant cases , where the [other option] would make us look even worse .

Marx 's reaction to this was as much an attempt to counter the claim being made on behalf of the Prussian bureaucracy in the 1840s that it offered an alternative to constitutionalism , as it was a theoretical objection to Hegel 's interpretation of the state ( Liebich 1982 ) .
marx 's reaction to this was as much an attempt to counter the claim being made on behalf of the prussian bureaucracy in the 1840s that it offered an [other option] to constitutionalism , as it was a theoretical objection to hegel 's interpretation of the state ( liebich 1982 ) .

Trotsky was more concerned to confront Stalinism and expose the bureaucratization of his regime than to set out an alternative model of non-bureaucratized government under socialism or communism .
trotsky was more concerned to confront stalinism and expose the bureaucratization of his regime than to set out an [other option] model of non-bureaucratized government under socialism or communism .

The Marxist position on the alternative to bureaucracy under socialism , in so far as it is ever made explicit , is still largely based on the lessons derived from the Paris Commune and from Trotsky 's critique of Stalinism . Thus Mandel had set out the three levels at which the fight against bureaucratization must be waged by the ‘ revolutionary vanguard ’ :
the marxist position on the [other option] to bureaucracy under socialism , in so far as it is ever made explicit , is still largely based on the lessons derived from the paris commune and from trotsky 's critique of stalinism . thus mandel had set out the three levels at which the fight against bureaucratization must be waged by the ‘ revolutionary vanguard ’ :

An alternative approach is to seek an explanation of bureaucratic power in the changing social structure of post-colonial states and the state 's regulation of the political forces generated by such changes .
an [other option] approach is to seek an explanation of bureaucratic power in the changing social structure of post-colonial states and the state 's regulation of the political forces generated by such changes .

Similarly , Pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ Power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for obtaining what is desired ’ ( Pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .
similarly , pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few [other option] sources , or no [other option] sources , for obtaining what is desired ’ ( pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .

An alternative and equally fruitful approach to the study of power in organizations is to concentrate on the formal structure of authority and look for correspondence between this and patterns of social relations within the type of society in which the organization is located .
an [other option] and equally fruitful approach to the study of power in organizations is to concentrate on the formal structure of authority and look for correspondence between this and patterns of social relations within the type of society in which the organization is located .

The relationship is analogous to that in private markets between a seller with no alternative customer and a customer with no alternative supplier .
the relationship is analogous to that in private markets between a seller with no [other option] customer and a customer with no [other option] supplier .

An alternative model of legislative and electoral behaviour has been offered by Downs ( 1957 ) .
an [other option] model of legislative and electoral behaviour has been offered by downs ( 1957 ) .

Neither of the lecturers concerned was willing to agree to a change at this late date ; when one of them finally gave in , the alternative proposed by the unpopular head of department was a slot already occupied by one of Andrew 's lectures .
neither of the lecturers concerned was willing to agree to a change at this late date ; when one of them finally gave in , the [other option] proposed by the unpopular head of department was a slot already occupied by one of andrew 's lectures .

Well , he had to really , the alternative was strangulation .
well , he had to really , the [other option] was strangulation .

The ultimate strength of capitalist global hegemony is that it continually works , and works very hard , to persuade people that the system is natural , fair and fundamentally better than any realistic alternative .
the ultimate strength of capitalist global hegemony is that it continually works , and works very hard , to persuade people that the system is natural , fair and fundamentally better than any realistic [other option] .

In most countries women are glad to have jobs in factories and to earn cash , however tedious the work and however low their earnings are relative to male wages ( but not to previous or alternative female pay ) .
in most countries women are glad to have jobs in factories and to earn cash , however tedious the work and however low their earnings are relative to male wages ( but not to previous or [other option] female pay ) .

At present , however , it still has limited availability so that for some patients sigmoidoscopy and barium enema examination provide an alternative .
at present , however , it still has limited availability so that for some patients sigmoidoscopy and barium enema examination provide an [other option] .

The latest twist is provided by the identification of an alternative candidate gene .
the latest twist is provided by the identification of an [other option] candidate gene .

The high diagnostic efficiency of cGMP , its stability , and the possibility of direct cGMP determination in plasma samples lead us to conclude that in patients with heart failure measurement of cGMP is an alternative to measurement of natriuretic peptides for routine clinical laboratory medicine .
the high diagnostic efficiency of cgmp , its stability , and the possibility of direct cgmp determination in plasma samples lead us to conclude that in patients with heart failure measurement of cgmp is an [other option] to measurement of natriuretic peptides for routine clinical laboratory medicine .

Many examples are to be found among local families , who probably had little practical alternative to accepting any change of lordship at Middleham .
many examples are to be found among local families , who probably had little practical [other option] to accepting any change of lordship at middleham .

His wife was a kinswoman of the earl 's councillor Sir John Pickering , which implies that Middleton did not see service to Gloucester as an alternative to Northumberland 's lordship .
his wife was a kinswoman of the earl 's councillor sir john pickering , which implies that middleton did not see service to gloucester as an [other option] to northumberland 's lordship .

The technique evolved from the introduction of percutaneous cholecystostomy as an alternative to surgical cholecystostomy and utilised well established technicues for dilating percutaneous tracts and stone extraction .
the technique evolved from the introduction of percutaneous cholecystostomy as an [other option] to surgical cholecystostomy and utilised well established technicues for dilating percutaneous tracts and stone extraction .

An alternative explanation for the more favourable results at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is that the type of stricture encountered by the two techniques is different , percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography being preferred when imaging suggests a high stricture and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography when it is low .
an [other option] explanation for the more favourable results at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is that the type of stricture encountered by the two techniques is different , percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography being preferred when imaging suggests a high stricture and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography when it is low .

Endoscopic sclerotherapy as an alternative form of treatment for bleeding varices was first reported in 1939 in a young patient with extrahepatic portal vein occlusion and was eventually popularised as an alternative to surgery by the work of Johnston and Rodgers .
endoscopic sclerotherapy as an [other option] form of treatment for bleeding varices was first reported in 1939 in a young patient with extrahepatic portal vein occlusion and was eventually popularised as an [other option] to surgery by the work of johnston and rodgers .

In addition the failure of surgery and sclerotherapy was assessed in terms of recurring variceal haemorrhage and the need to resort to alternative measures in order to control it .
in addition the failure of surgery and sclerotherapy was assessed in terms of recurring variceal haemorrhage and the need to resort to [other option] measures in order to control it .

Similarly , needle-knife papillotomy may be less hazardous than the alternative method of achieving biliary access using the combined percutaneous-endoscopic procedure .
similarly , needle-knife papillotomy may be less hazardous than the [other option] method of achieving biliary access using the combined percutaneous-endoscopic procedure .

Employing a short biliary balloon to remove the old stent while leaving a guide wire in place is an alternative technique .
employing a short biliary balloon to remove the old stent while leaving a guide wire in place is an [other option] technique .

Alternative methods
[other option] methods

As they were allocated to the alternative treatment group their height velocities were not included in the analyses .
as they were allocated to the [other option] treatment group their height velocities were not included in the analyses .

Surgery is the classic treatment of pseudoaneurysm but transcatheter arterial embolisation seems to be a very attractive alternative either to permit further elective surgery or as a definitive treatment with good results and a lower mortality than surgery .
surgery is the classic treatment of pseudoaneurysm but transcatheter arterial embolisation seems to be a very attractive [other option] either to permit further elective surgery or as a definitive treatment with good results and a lower mortality than surgery .

The effects of indomethacin , however , may also involve alternative mechanisms .
the effects of indomethacin , however , may also involve [other option] mechanisms .

An alternative explanation might be that pregnancy increases the risk of gall stone formation only transiently .
an [other option] explanation might be that pregnancy increases the risk of gall stone formation only transiently .

With slave labour they were cheaper to build than it was to provide the necessary lead or bronze piping for alternative means .
with slave labour they were cheaper to build than it was to provide the necessary lead or bronze piping for [other option] means .

An alternative explanation for price rises , for example , has been to relate them to the amount of money in circulation or the bullion value of the coinage .
an [other option] explanation for price rises , for example , has been to relate them to the amount of money in circulation or the bullion value of the coinage .

Throughout our period , for example , tin-mining provided alternative employment in parts of Cornwall , and the demand for food by those engaged in this occupation provided a stimulus to local agriculture .
throughout our period , for example , tin-mining provided [other option] employment in parts of cornwall , and the demand for food by those engaged in this occupation provided a stimulus to local agriculture .

Despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the King who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .
despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible [other option] — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the king who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .

Bristol had previously been heavily involved in the Iceland trade , but had been coming under pressure from increasing Hanse power there , and its merchants may well have been looking for alternative supplies of fish — it is worth stressing that the ships sent out in 1481 in search of the ‘ Isle of Brasil ’ were carrying a large quantity of salt ( 45 , pp.188–9 ; 94 , pp.177–82 ) .
bristol had previously been heavily involved in the iceland trade , but had been coming under pressure from increasing hanse power there , and its merchants may well have been looking for [other option] supplies of fish — it is worth stressing that the ships sent out in 1481 in search of the ‘ isle of brasil ’ were carrying a large quantity of salt ( 45 , pp.188–9 ; 94 , pp.177–82 ) .

This heterogeneity suggests two alternative and potentially complementary targets for coronary thrombolysis : the erythrocyte-rich whole blood clot and the platelet-rich thrombus .
this heterogeneity suggests two [other option] and potentially complementary targets for coronary thrombolysis : the erythrocyte-rich whole blood clot and the platelet-rich thrombus .

Second , development of alternative or engineered plasminogen activators with increased thrombolytic potency and/or specific thrombolytic activity to enhance coronary thrombolysis .
second , development of [other option] or engineered plasminogen activators with increased thrombolytic potency and/or specific thrombolytic activity to enhance coronary thrombolysis .

We have found that by encouraging the students to think about these alternative information needs and the sources from which information can be derived , they are better able to see their accounting studies and the role of accounting in a wider context .
we have found that by encouraging the students to think about these [other option] information needs and the sources from which information can be derived , they are better able to see their accounting studies and the role of accounting in a wider context .

Answer guide : Once again a number of alternative answers are acceptable here .
answer guide : once again a number of [other option] answers are acceptable here .

In certain situations we said that written-down cost could be used as an alternative .
in certain situations we said that written-down cost could be used as an [other option] .

What effects , is any , do rapid changes in technology have on the appropriateness of each of the alternative ways Or putting a cost or a value to an item .
what effects , is any , do rapid changes in technology have on the appropriateness of each of the [other option] ways or putting a cost or a value to an item .

It may be that under certain circumstances one of the alternative methods of valuation is the most appropriate . Giving brief reasons for your choice , for each of the following situations suggest the most appropriate value to be placed on each item :
it may be that under certain circumstances one of the [other option] methods of valuation is the most appropriate . giving brief reasons for your choice , for each of the following situations suggest the most appropriate value to be placed on each item :

Answer guide : The reason for choosing this example is that this particular area is subject to rapid changes in technology which make estimation of useful life extremely difficult as in many cases there is still utility in the asset but it has been superseded by a ‘ better ’ alternative .
answer guide : the reason for choosing this example is that this particular area is subject to rapid changes in technology which make estimation of useful life extremely difficult as in many cases there is still utility in the asset but it has been superseded by a ‘ better ’ [other option] .

Thus a number of alternative answers are possible and acceptable .
thus a number of [other option] answers are possible and acceptable .

We can now examine what should happen in the alternative situations outlined above .
we can now examine what should happen in the [other option] situations outlined above .

In each situation where there are two possible treatments discuss the arguments in favour of and against each alternative .
in each situation where there are two possible treatments discuss the arguments in favour of and against each [other option] .

Alternative is to include on day 9 when process is complete .
[other option] is to include on day 9 when process is complete .

Answer guide : These are alternative terms which are often used inter changeably to describe the figure arrived at after taking the accumulated depreciation away from the historic cost .
answer guide : these are [other option] terms which are often used inter changeably to describe the figure arrived at after taking the accumulated depreciation away from the historic cost .

Interest cover , for example , would not be so appropriate — the shareholder would be more interested in dividends and may need to look at alternative investment opportunities as well as the possibility of selling their shares at this stage given the results of Belper .
interest cover , for example , would not be so appropriate — the shareholder would be more interested in dividends and may need to look at [other option] investment opportunities as well as the possibility of selling their shares at this stage given the results of belper .

Answer guide : Differential costs , sometimes referred to as incremental costs , are differences in costs and benefits of alternative opportunities available to the organization .
answer guide : differential costs , sometimes referred to as incremental costs , are differences in costs and benefits of [other option] opportunities available to the organization .

If the costs and benefits do not differ for alternative opportunities under consideration these costs and benefits will be irrelevant to decisions .
if the costs and benefits do not differ for [other option] opportunities under consideration these costs and benefits will be irrelevant to decisions .

Answer guide : An opportunity cost is defined as the maximum benefit which could be obtained from a resource if it were used for some alternative purpose than the opportunity under consideration .
answer guide : an opportunity cost is defined as the maximum benefit which could be obtained from a resource if it were used for some [other option] purpose than the opportunity under consideration .

The subcutaneous nature of the disorder allows its natural history to be followed with ease ; if we can confirm that the disease is caused by cell-mediated immune mechanisms , medical therapy might be developed as an adjunct or alternative to surgery , allowing a more conservative surgical approach with the prospect of reduced postoperative morbidity and recurrence .
the subcutaneous nature of the disorder allows its natural history to be followed with ease ; if we can confirm that the disease is caused by cell-mediated immune mechanisms , medical therapy might be developed as an adjunct or [other option] to surgery , allowing a more conservative surgical approach with the prospect of reduced postoperative morbidity and recurrence .

Terms such as alternative , natural , unorthodox , or unconventional are closely related but not synonymous .
terms such as [other option] , natural , unorthodox , or unconventional are closely related but not synonymous .

Fluoxetine , the serotoninergic reuptake blocker , is a safe alternative , but its onset of action is slow and it may cause an initial increase in anxiety .
fluoxetine , the serotoninergic reuptake blocker , is a safe [other option] , but its onset of action is slow and it may cause an initial increase in anxiety .

( For an alternative taxonomy see Alesina 1988 . )
( for an [other option] taxonomy see alesina 1988 . )

An employer might respond to this by offering his workers higher wages to foster effort so that they will fear losing their jobs because the alternative jobs are less well paid ( see Greenwald and Stiglitz 1987 ) .
an employer might respond to this by offering his workers higher wages to foster effort so that they will fear losing their jobs because the [other option] jobs are less well paid ( see greenwald and stiglitz 1987 ) .

that households can move without having to obtain alternative jobs or without having to worry about transport costs to their place of work .
that households can move without having to obtain [other option] jobs or without having to worry about transport costs to their place of work .

In this way , the impact of alternative forms of grant on local fiscal decisions becomes an important consideration when choosing the ‘ appropriate ’ form of grant to use .
in this way , the impact of [other option] forms of grant on local fiscal decisions becomes an important consideration when choosing the ‘ appropriate ’ form of grant to use .

With this analysis in mind , it is now useful to consider alternative forms of grants in the context of the objectives that underlie the use of intergovernmental grants .
with this analysis in mind , it is now useful to consider [other option] forms of grants in the context of the objectives that underlie the use of intergovernmental grants .

However , one alternative way in which central government may play a role is to collect the tax revenue on behalf of local governments and then simply to turn the revenue over to them .
however , one [other option] way in which central government may play a role is to collect the tax revenue on behalf of local governments and then simply to turn the revenue over to them .

Romer and Rosenthal ( 1980 ) have presented an alternative model of the operation of bureaux .
romer and rosenthal ( 1980 ) have presented an [other option] model of the operation of bureaux .

Romer and Rosenthal ( 1980 ) consider alternative relationships between these levels of spending .
romer and rosenthal ( 1980 ) consider [other option] relationships between these levels of spending .

Here West argues that informed individuals subject to taxation are free to reduce their private saving as opposed to consumption or , indeed , to reduce their consumption if the debt alternative is employed .
here west argues that informed individuals subject to taxation are free to reduce their private saving as opposed to consumption or , indeed , to reduce their consumption if the debt [other option] is employed .

To many Churchill was not so much a buccaneer as a straightforward pirate , a political outcast who skated on thin ice deliberately to keep himself in the public eye , a man who polished brilliant and wounding phrases that tacitly suggested himself as the alternative should his jeremiads turn out true .
to many churchill was not so much a buccaneer as a straightforward pirate , a political outcast who skated on thin ice deliberately to keep himself in the public eye , a man who polished brilliant and wounding phrases that tacitly suggested himself as the [other option] should his jeremiads turn out true .

‘ What possible alternative is there ?
‘ what possible [other option] is there ?

He was aware that it was trite , but the alternative was to express the scepticism that had grown inside him in the intervening days .
he was aware that it was trite , but the [other option] was to express the scepticism that had grown inside him in the intervening days .

Please retry specifying an alternative Part Number which is not already in use .
please retry specifying an [other option] part number which is not already in use .

Gone is all the cynicism of old , now she 's as radical , real and funny as Lenny Bruce — the godfather of alternative comedy .
gone is all the cynicism of old , now she 's as radical , real and funny as lenny bruce — the godfather of [other option] comedy .

But there are some amazing spacey workouts like ‘ Forgotten Realm ’ and ‘ Feel the Anguish ’ that are a bit like an alternative soundtrack for Eraserhead .
but there are some amazing spacey workouts like ‘ forgotten realm ’ and ‘ feel the anguish ’ that are a bit like an [other option] soundtrack for eraserhead .

Where they survive , bishop 's transcripts are a valuable alternative source for the historian ; they may cover gaps in the original registers and can sometimes be more readily consulted .
where they survive , bishop 's transcripts are a valuable [other option] source for the historian ; they may cover gaps in the original registers and can sometimes be more readily consulted .

In all parts of the country Wesleyan Methodism had become the chief alternative to the Established Church and in purely agricultural regions religious differences often amounted to a choice between either the Church of England or Wesleyan and Primitive Methodism .
in all parts of the country wesleyan methodism had become the chief [other option] to the established church and in purely agricultural regions religious differences often amounted to a choice between either the church of england or wesleyan and primitive methodism .

Localized trades sometimes offered alternative employment , but the major crafts for women and girls were lace-making , straw-plaiting , glove-making and knitting .
localized trades sometimes offered [other option] employment , but the major crafts for women and girls were lace-making , straw-plaiting , glove-making and knitting .

Describes an allele whose effect is seen in the phenotype of a heterozygote , in spite of the presence of an alternative allele .
describes an allele whose effect is seen in the phenotype of a heterozygote , in spite of the presence of an [other option] allele .

Alternative Energy Sources
[other option] energy sources

An alternative to this , however , was proposed by Craik and Lockhart ( 1972 ) .
an [other option] to this , however , was proposed by craik and lockhart ( 1972 ) .

The more usual alternative however is to explain our discovery as being due to a certain causal process , something within us that makes us behave in a certain way .
the more usual [other option] however is to explain our discovery as being due to a certain causal process , something within us that makes us behave in a certain way .

At this point , we need to test our alternative scientific theories to see which of the above is the ‘ correct process ’ .
at this point , we need to test our [other option] scientific theories to see which of the above is the ‘ correct process ’ .

An alternative is a data-driven approach in which we base our investigation of first impressions on people 's experience , observations and accounts and then develop informal theories on the basis .
an [other option] is a data-driven approach in which we base our investigation of first impressions on people 's experience , observations and accounts and then develop informal theories on the basis .

Concrete paving blocks are a more flexible and more versatile alternative to slabs .
concrete paving blocks are a more flexible and more versatile [other option] to slabs .

And they make an attractive alternative to fencing for the boundaries of their confined plot , while a narrow , curving lawn helps to lead the eye down its length to the summerhouse , bog garden and pools at the bottom .
and they make an attractive [other option] to fencing for the boundaries of their confined plot , while a narrow , curving lawn helps to lead the eye down its length to the summerhouse , bog garden and pools at the bottom .

In a recent interview in Spare Rib ( Dec/Jan , No 197 ) , Toun Illmoka from Nigeria said that ’ the attitude of certain Western feminists is just a new and alternative kind of imperialism ’ . This imperialism continues to be an obstacle to unity
in a recent interview in spare rib ( dec/jan , no 197 ) , toun illmoka from nigeria said that ’ the attitude of certain western feminists is just a new and [other option] kind of imperialism ’ . this imperialism continues to be an obstacle to unity

The alternative to the burlap sack and the coffin at the Russian Compound is solitary confinement .
the [other option] to the burlap sack and the coffin at the russian compound is solitary confinement .

West Germany , Austria and Japan are also changing to alternative bleaching techniques .
west germany , austria and japan are also changing to [other option] bleaching techniques .

Meanwhile , Congress had found an alternative to the rail Mx .
meanwhile , congress had found an [other option] to the rail mx .

In 20 years , the plan foresees that 60 % of the workforce will be on alternative working hours of some sort .
in 20 years , the plan foresees that 60 % of the workforce will be on [other option] working hours of some sort .

But for the first time in decades the opposition parties are trying at least to look like a credible alternative government .
but for the first time in decades the opposition parties are trying at least to look like a credible [other option] government .

If the guerrillas can not win the civil war outright , the alternative , sooner or later , has to be a political compromise .
if the guerrillas can not win the civil war outright , the [other option] , sooner or later , has to be a political compromise .

At the time of writing , alternative main frame systems for the group are being considered .
at the time of writing , [other option] main frame systems for the group are being considered .

Friends were able to find an alternative , but for a few moments Marilyn said she could not believe it was happening to her and looked about for the dreaded Jeremy Beadle .
friends were able to find an [other option] , but for a few moments marilyn said she could not believe it was happening to her and looked about for the dreaded jeremy beadle .

When the current and intended future positions have been established , the next step is to formulate alternative strategies to enable the business to move from one position to another .
when the current and intended future positions have been established , the next step is to formulate [other option] strategies to enable the business to move from one position to another .

duplicate popular services or products of a large business but avoid promotion and development costs ; position as a cheaper alternative .
duplicate popular services or products of a large business but avoid promotion and development costs ; position as a cheaper [other option] .

It is usually the responsibility of the engineer to approve the alternative offered by the contractor or to suggest a possible solution .
it is usually the responsibility of the engineer to approve the [other option] offered by the contractor or to suggest a possible solution .

Substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .
substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper [other option] is used .

Machungo told the meeting that , despite the high cost of living , there was no alternative to the economic recovery programme .
machungo told the meeting that , despite the high cost of living , there was no [other option] to the economic recovery programme .

The Better Alternative to the Flat Roof
the better [other option] to the flat roof

As an alternative ¾″ thick chipboard can be used where regulations allow but fixings into this will not be as secure as into plywood .
as an [other option] ¾″ thick chipboard can be used where regulations allow but fixings into this will not be as secure as into plywood .

In January 1990 the Yugoslav federal presidency issued a proposal for a new constitution , along with an alternative proposal from Slovenia calling for the transformation of Yugoslavia into a confederation rather than a federal state .
in january 1990 the yugoslav federal presidency issued a proposal for a new constitution , along with an [other option] proposal from slovenia calling for the transformation of yugoslavia into a confederation rather than a federal state .

Congressional criticism of Bush 's proposals concentrated on the limited additional funding provided ; Democrats proposed an alternative plan , calling for total spending of $ 10,100 million , the additional $ 2,200 million to be provided by across-the-board reductions in federal programmes .
congressional criticism of bush 's proposals concentrated on the limited additional funding provided ; democrats proposed an [other option] plan , calling for total spending of $ 10,100 million , the additional $ 2,200 million to be provided by across-the-board reductions in federal programmes .

The measure , which had been drawn up by congressional leaders and administration officials and approved by the House of Representatives on Nov. 1 by 382 votes to 37 , represented an alternative to the minimum wage bill passed by Congress in May and vetoed by President Bush .
the measure , which had been drawn up by congressional leaders and administration officials and approved by the house of representatives on nov. 1 by 382 votes to 37 , represented an [other option] to the minimum wage bill passed by congress in may and vetoed by president bush .

Noting the crop substitution programmes being implemented by a number of governments , it also recognized the need for greater international support for development programmes which would be an economically viable alternative to drugs .
noting the crop substitution programmes being implemented by a number of governments , it also recognized the need for greater international support for development programmes which would be an economically viable [other option] to drugs .

Policies of co-operation for common prosperity offer the real alternative in the 1990s `` , and developments in the second half of the decade had created opportunities for peace , disarmament and development , it declared .
policies of co-operation for common prosperity offer the real [other option] in the 1990s `` , and developments in the second half of the decade had created opportunities for peace , disarmament and development , it declared .

" Alternative cabinet " named by government
" [other option] cabinet " named by government

Membership of what was described as an alternative cabinet , claimed to have been preparing to take power forcibly if the unrest of early July caused the government to fall , was revealed in Parliament on July 18 by an assistant minister .
membership of what was described as an [other option] cabinet , claimed to have been preparing to take power forcibly if the unrest of early july caused the government to fall , was revealed in parliament on july 18 by an assistant minister .

He declared that he could see no alternative to perestroika , but he won loud and prolonged applause when he observed that `` all manner of rash radicalism , improvisations and dithering have not given us much in five years `` .
he declared that he could see no [other option] to perestroika , but he won loud and prolonged applause when he observed that `` all manner of rash radicalism , improvisations and dithering have not given us much in five years `` .

Observers were agreed that Gorbachev 's re-election had never seriously been in doubt : the Independent of July 11 commented that `` reformers and the party old guard alike realise that no alternative exists if the party is to avoid terminal disintegration `` .
observers were agreed that gorbachev 's re-election had never seriously been in doubt : the independent of july 11 commented that `` reformers and the party old guard alike realise that no [other option] exists if the party is to avoid terminal disintegration `` .

Clearly intended to curb the activities of nationalist guerrilla groups operating in the Transcaucasian and Central Asian republics ( particularly Armenia ) , the decree appeared designed for use equally to prevent militia units being formed in the Baltic republics as an alternative to the Soviet police and armed forces .
clearly intended to curb the activities of nationalist guerrilla groups operating in the transcaucasian and central asian republics ( particularly armenia ) , the decree appeared designed for use equally to prevent militia units being formed in the baltic republics as an [other option] to the soviet police and armed forces .

During these early talks , progress appeared to have been made on Unionist demands ( i ) that the British government should seriously consider the possibility of an alternative to the Anglo-Irish Agrement ; ( ii ) that the Anglo-Irish secretariat based near Belfast should be suspended before devolution talks began ; and ( iii ) that the normal summer gap between meetings of the Anglo-Irish Intergovernmental Conference [ see below ] could be defined in advance and used as an opportunity to open formal negotiations .
during these early talks , progress appeared to have been made on unionist demands ( i ) that the british government should seriously consider the possibility of an [other option] to the anglo-irish agrement ; ( ii ) that the anglo-irish secretariat based near belfast should be suspended before devolution talks began ; and ( iii ) that the normal summer gap between meetings of the anglo-irish intergovernmental conference [ see below ] could be defined in advance and used as an opportunity to open formal negotiations .

Services take place on a regular basis in all three churches — the Book of Common Prayer , 1662 and the Alternative Service Book 1980 , are used .
services take place on a regular basis in all three churches — the book of common prayer , 1662 and the [other option] service book 1980 , are used .

The Volkskammer on Jan. 11-12 gave a first reading to a law allowing an alternative of 18 months ' civilian service .
the volkskammer on jan. 11-12 gave a first reading to a law allowing an [other option] of 18 months ' civilian service .

The country experienced something of a flight of capital as investors sought alternative outlets in more favourable economic climates .
the country experienced something of a flight of capital as investors sought [other option] outlets in more favourable economic climates .

Tesco 's exciting range of low alcohol and alcohol-free products offers an adult alternative to soft drinks .
tesco 's exciting range of low alcohol and alcohol-free products offers an adult [other option] to soft drinks .

Cuba , Yemen and also China supported an alternative draft resolution lifting all restrictions on transporting food to Iraq .
cuba , yemen and also china supported an [other option] draft resolution lifting all restrictions on transporting food to iraq .

Fujimori stated that the aid package did not address the all-round economic development needs of coca-growing areas , and that it victimized poor peasants who had no alternative but to grow coca crops .
fujimori stated that the aid package did not address the all-round economic development needs of coca-growing areas , and that it victimized poor peasants who had no [other option] but to grow coca crops .

The calling of the elections also followed immediately on a period of disarray within the Liberal-National Party opposition coalition , which included an embarrassing climb-down over its alternative health policy in February because of financial miscalculations .
the calling of the elections also followed immediately on a period of disarray within the liberal-national party opposition coalition , which included an embarrassing climb-down over its [other option] health policy in february because of financial miscalculations .

The year following the final Soviet withdrawal of troops was marked by the collapse of the mujaheddin as a real military threat to the Kabul government , and by the failure of its government to present itself as a viable political alternative .
the year following the final soviet withdrawal of troops was marked by the collapse of the mujaheddin as a real military threat to the kabul government , and by the failure of its government to present itself as a viable political [other option] .

An increasing number of South Africans now realized , he said , that `` only a negotiated understanding between the representative leaders of the entire population can ensure lasting peace `` , the alternative to which was `` growing violence , tension and conflict `` .
an increasing number of south africans now realized , he said , that `` only a negotiated understanding between the representative leaders of the entire population can ensure lasting peace `` , the [other option] to which was `` growing violence , tension and conflict `` .

Afterwards Molyneaux and Paisley said that further talks would be held in March , and that Mr Brooke would then respond to Unionist demands that the government should consider an alternative to the Anglo-Irish Agreement .
afterwards molyneaux and paisley said that further talks would be held in march , and that mr brooke would then respond to unionist demands that the government should consider an [other option] to the anglo-irish agreement .

The plan , which built on the 1988 Vienna Convention against drug trafficking [ see also p. 36780 ] , contained proposals to reduce the growing of coca and poppy plants in the Third World by developing alternative legitimate exports and guaranteeing these products access to international markets .
the plan , which built on the 1988 vienna convention against drug trafficking [ see also p. 36780 ] , contained proposals to reduce the growing of coca and poppy plants in the third world by developing [other option] legitimate exports and guaranteeing these products access to international markets .

These included promoting energy conservation and efficiency ; placing tighter controls on fossil fuel emissions ; and stepping up research into alternative energy sources .
these included promoting energy conservation and efficiency ; placing tighter controls on fossil fuel emissions ; and stepping up research into [other option] energy sources .

The word spiritual has become for many fundamentally dissociated from religion and so serves to encourage an alternative , one that is more attractive because lacking both definition and the incubus associated with religion .
the word spiritual has become for many fundamentally dissociated from religion and so serves to encourage an [other option] , one that is more attractive because lacking both definition and the incubus associated with religion .

In a similar way , the negative alternative to the belief in the existence of God — its denial — can be usefully subjected to the criteria .
in a similar way , the negative [other option] to the belief in the existence of god — its denial — can be usefully subjected to the criteria .

For example , when he was invited to visit Bridgnorth ( Shropshire ) in early July , rival crowds made alternative bonfires , `` where about one they drank Dr Sacheverell 's health and the other his confusion `` , with the inevitable result that the two groups eventually fell to blows .
for example , when he was invited to visit bridgnorth ( shropshire ) in early july , rival crowds made [other option] bonfires , `` where about one they drank dr sacheverell 's health and the other his confusion `` , with the inevitable result that the two groups eventually fell to blows .

It was precisely the power of Jacobitism as a negative ideal which explains the strength of the Jacobite challenge at the time of the Hanoverian succession , but also its ultimate failure , since there were few people who were really committed to the positive alternative which the Stuarts represented .
it was precisely the power of jacobitism as a negative ideal which explains the strength of the jacobite challenge at the time of the hanoverian succession , but also its ultimate failure , since there were few people who were really committed to the positive [other option] which the stuarts represented .

Chapter 7 also contains two alternative storyboards of the Pied Piper story , one from the point of view of the Piper one from a Hamelin family .
chapter 7 also contains two [other option] storyboards of the pied piper story , one from the point of view of the piper one from a hamelin family .

An old man ( the teacher in role ) is refusing to sell his house to the railway company ; everybody else in the town is keen for the railway to come through — and if he does n't sell , the company will choose an alternative route .
an old man ( the teacher in role ) is refusing to sell his house to the railway company ; everybody else in the town is keen for the railway to come through — and if he does n't sell , the company will choose an [other option] route .

While it is perfectly valid for children to step back from what they have been doing in drama and write about it , the exciting alternative of writing ( or drawing , or carrying out scientific experiments ) within the context of the drama , as the characters they are playing , produces lively and highly motivated work .
while it is perfectly valid for children to step back from what they have been doing in drama and write about it , the exciting [other option] of writing ( or drawing , or carrying out scientific experiments ) within the context of the drama , as the characters they are playing , produces lively and highly motivated work .

Here are some brief alternative suggestions : 1 .
here are some brief [other option] suggestions : 1 .

Nevertheless Bevin joined with the economic ministers , Hugh Dalton and Sir Stafford Cripps , in recommending a continuing search for alternative sources of food and raw materials outside North America .
nevertheless bevin joined with the economic ministers , hugh dalton and sir stafford cripps , in recommending a continuing search for [other option] sources of food and raw materials outside north america .

He also liked to portray British social democracy as an alternative to the `` red tooth and claw `` of American capitalism and Soviet communism .
he also liked to portray british social democracy as an [other option] to the `` red tooth and claw `` of american capitalism and soviet communism .

The Treasury was sufficiently disgruntled to explore the alternative of dispensing with Marshall Aid altogether in the interest of national independence .
the treasury was sufficiently disgruntled to explore the [other option] of dispensing with marshall aid altogether in the interest of national independence .

In the spring of 1950 , therefore , Acheson encouraged French proposals for a European Coal and Steel Community in the absence of a British alternative .
in the spring of 1950 , therefore , acheson encouraged french proposals for a european coal and steel community in the absence of a british [other option] .

In this sense , as alternative ways to meet the same need , the two markets can be thought of as being in competition .
in this sense , as [other option] ways to meet the same need , the two markets can be thought of as being in competition .

There is a long history of members of the aristocracy seeking an alternative Merovingian lord ; effectively it begins with Arcadius calling Childebert into the Auvergne .
there is a long history of members of the aristocracy seeking an [other option] merovingian lord ; effectively it begins with arcadius calling childebert into the auvergne .

Purchase and resale agreements are occasionally used as an alternative to outright purchases .
purchase and resale agreements are occasionally used as an [other option] to outright purchases .

Point Three was the stumbling block , for the only significant alternative to the equitable Straits Convention of 1841 was completely to eliminate Russian naval power in the Black Sea , which would have had the effect of handing control of the region to the British .
point three was the stumbling block , for the only significant [other option] to the equitable straits convention of 1841 was completely to eliminate russian naval power in the black sea , which would have had the effect of handing control of the region to the british .

His alternative was to increase the army 's number of permanent divisions from thirty-one to forty-seven , to maintain them at a relatively low level in peacetime , but to triple them in size on the outbreak of war .
his [other option] was to increase the army 's number of permanent divisions from thirty-one to forty-seven , to maintain them at a relatively low level in peacetime , but to triple them in size on the outbreak of war .

By the age of nineteen he was back at home , which was probably , by this time , in Yafforth about twenty-five miles from Thornton Dale , the way of development through the competitive channels of establishment institutions behind him , and his face turned towards the alternative life-style of the recluse which he embarked on with a comically home-spun rite of passage .
by the age of nineteen he was back at home , which was probably , by this time , in yafforth about twenty-five miles from thornton dale , the way of development through the competitive channels of establishment institutions behind him , and his face turned towards the [other option] life-style of the recluse which he embarked on with a comically home-spun rite of passage .

This anagogical use of language points to a realm of experience beyond that of its immediate field of reference , and draws on the alternative life-style of the contemplative .
this anagogical use of language points to a realm of experience beyond that of its immediate field of reference , and draws on the [other option] life-style of the contemplative .

An early version of the alternative doctrine polygeny , according to which the global category consists of a set of quite separate races of quite distinct historical origin and wholly different psychological attributes was advanced by Paracelsus in 1520 , but of much greater significance for the history of anthropology is the fact that , during a critical period between 1 850 and 1 870 , polygeny was the dominant orthodoxy in scientific circles throughout Europe and America .
an early version of the [other option] doctrine polygeny , according to which the global category consists of a set of quite separate races of quite distinct historical origin and wholly different psychological attributes was advanced by paracelsus in 1520 , but of much greater significance for the history of anthropology is the fact that , during a critical period between 1 850 and 1 870 , polygeny was the dominant orthodoxy in scientific circles throughout europe and america .

Almost all the alternative possibilities that are opened up by possible answers to such questions have quite recently been supported , sometimes with great passion , by anthropologists of international renown .
almost all the [other option] possibilities that are opened up by possible answers to such questions have quite recently been supported , sometimes with great passion , by anthropologists of international renown .

The value of the ethological study of apes , monkeys and baboons is what it tells us about apes , monkeys and baboons ; only in very special circumstances , and in a very tentative way , should it be seen as a metaphorical alternative by means of which we can study man himself , as in a mirror .
the value of the ethological study of apes , monkeys and baboons is what it tells us about apes , monkeys and baboons ; only in very special circumstances , and in a very tentative way , should it be seen as a metaphorical [other option] by means of which we can study man himself , as in a mirror .

An alternative usage , which goes back at least to the seventeenth century , made `` family `` a widely dispersed group of relatives , loosely linked by ties of `` blood `` and affinity , but not necessarily associated with any one household .
an [other option] usage , which goes back at least to the seventeenth century , made `` family `` a widely dispersed group of relatives , loosely linked by ties of `` blood `` and affinity , but not necessarily associated with any one household .

The main point about this example was to show that social roles which speakers of English would ordinarily assume to be alternative titles for the same individual , e.g .
the main point about this example was to show that social roles which speakers of english would ordinarily assume to be [other option] titles for the same individual , e.g .

In terms of an acquisition you are only trying to ‘ beat ’ rival buyers and perhaps alternative options for the seller , such as flotation , by selling yourself and your deal .
in terms of an acquisition you are only trying to ‘ beat ’ rival buyers and perhaps [other option] options for the seller , such as flotation , by selling yourself and your deal .

Reviewing and advising on alternative options to a sale
reviewing and advising on [other option] options to a sale

Reasons for the disposal and possible alternative options
reasons for the disposal and possible [other option] options

Taxation is often the deciding factor in choosing between alternative deal structures .
taxation is often the deciding factor in choosing between [other option] deal structures .

The decision to acquire should be the result of formal strategic analysis and the examination of alternative ways of meeting business objectives .
the decision to acquire should be the result of formal strategic analysis and the examination of [other option] ways of meeting business objectives .

On receiving the indicative offers we will discuss the pros and cons with the directors and will help evaluate alternative deal structures .
on receiving the indicative offers we will discuss the pros and cons with the directors and will help evaluate [other option] deal structures .

This may be a range of alternative propositions , however , a clear indication of preference must be made .
this may be a range of [other option] propositions , however , a clear indication of preference must be made .

In order to do this we will need to know your preferences as regards the alternative structures which are being suggested by the various parties in discussions so far . In particular you will probably need to consider :
in order to do this we will need to know your preferences as regards the [other option] structures which are being suggested by the various parties in discussions so far . in particular you will probably need to consider :

at any time you and your colleagues decide that you wish to opt for an alternative option other than sale or ;
at any time you and your colleagues decide that you wish to opt for an [other option] option other than sale or ;

As a result of these problems , it is our preferred policy to use the specimen letter set out below as an alternative to confidentiality letters generated by clients ' Solicitors .
as a result of these problems , it is our preferred policy to use the specimen letter set out below as an [other option] to confidentiality letters generated by clients ' solicitors .

As a result of these problems , it is our preferred policy to use the specimen letter set out below as an alternative to confidentiality letters generated by clients ' Solicitors .
as a result of these problems , it is our preferred policy to use the specimen letter set out below as an [other option] to confidentiality letters generated by clients ' solicitors .

This is an alternative to the knowledge test and for the same reason is therefore irrelevant .
this is an [other option] to the knowledge test and for the same reason is therefore irrelevant .

This is an alternative to 4.1 and again it requires the Vendor to anticipate what additional rights the Business should be authorised to use .
this is an [other option] to 4.1 and again it requires the vendor to anticipate what additional rights the business should be authorised to use .

This is an argumentation — not an alternative to 4.1 .
this is an argumentation — not an [other option] to 4.1 .

Throwing his left arm high , he presented his rigid forearm to the open jaws of the leaping Satan , offering it as an alternative target to the beast 's intended throat-rip .
throwing his left arm high , he presented his rigid forearm to the open jaws of the leaping satan , offering it as an [other option] target to the beast 's intended throat-rip .

Thus the project wishes to focus on additiorial areas of injury including , managerial strategies , that is , the methods used to communicate the goals of the enterprise to the workforce ; the work process , that is , the distribution of power and authority in the workplace and the divisions of the workers on the basis of income and status ; migration , that is , the study of worker satisfaction , in as much as a stable working population is an indication of employee loyalty ; ethnic and religious divisions , that is , whether religion and nationality was used to divide workers by allocating jobs on the basis of these factors ; and , lastly , women and trade unionism , that is , the degree of workers ' identification with an alternative loyalty structure to that of the enterprise .
thus the project wishes to focus on additiorial areas of injury including , managerial strategies , that is , the methods used to communicate the goals of the enterprise to the workforce ; the work process , that is , the distribution of power and authority in the workplace and the divisions of the workers on the basis of income and status ; migration , that is , the study of worker satisfaction , in as much as a stable working population is an indication of employee loyalty ; ethnic and religious divisions , that is , whether religion and nationality was used to divide workers by allocating jobs on the basis of these factors ; and , lastly , women and trade unionism , that is , the degree of workers ' identification with an [other option] loyalty structure to that of the enterprise .

The aim of this research is to investigate the historical commitment of both managements and workers to this system despite a large number of attempts before the second world war to adopt alternative reward structures in industry .
the aim of this research is to investigate the historical commitment of both managements and workers to this system despite a large number of attempts before the second world war to adopt [other option] reward structures in industry .

When applied in a commercial or public sector decision making context , it typically consists of three elements : eliciting from the decision making body its view of the likelihood of different possible futures relevant to the project under decision : assessing its valuation of alternative ways of tackling the project for all of the possible futures envisaged : suggesting the most appropriate course of action in the light of the two previous steps , using explicit and theoretically justifiable evaluation procedures .
when applied in a commercial or public sector decision making context , it typically consists of three elements : eliciting from the decision making body its view of the likelihood of different possible futures relevant to the project under decision : assessing its valuation of [other option] ways of tackling the project for all of the possible futures envisaged : suggesting the most appropriate course of action in the light of the two previous steps , using explicit and theoretically justifiable evaluation procedures .

The study will provide detailed case-study material on alternative means of regulating fisheries , and apply the data collected to a model of wider application in the field of fisheries economics .
the study will provide detailed case-study material on [other option] means of regulating fisheries , and apply the data collected to a model of wider application in the field of fisheries economics .

The main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate alternative policies and organisational and operational arrangements .
the main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate [other option] policies and organisational and operational arrangements .

Through a series of focus group interviews , it is intended that the level of awareness of alternative treatment systems be measured , the obstacles to acceptance of treated straw identified , and the target market for straw treatment systems specified .
through a series of focus group interviews , it is intended that the level of awareness of [other option] treatment systems be measured , the obstacles to acceptance of treated straw identified , and the target market for straw treatment systems specified .

The centrepiece of the Corporation Tax project is a computerised model which uses published accounting information as a basis for simulating how much tax individual companies are liable to pay , under the present ( and alternative ) tax systems . In the present phase this model is being used to explore the incentives given to companies :
the centrepiece of the corporation tax project is a computerised model which uses published accounting information as a basis for simulating how much tax individual companies are liable to pay , under the present ( and [other option] ) tax systems . in the present phase this model is being used to explore the incentives given to companies :

First , alternative technological solutions and the types of communication service they may carry are being identified .
first , [other option] technological solutions and the types of communication service they may carry are being identified .

Governments have also to decide how to divide these resources between alternative uses : reducing emission of greenhouse gasses , building sea defenses , and so on .
governments have also to decide how to divide these resources between [other option] uses : reducing emission of greenhouse gasses , building sea defenses , and so on .

The study investigated two alternative explanations of this comparative dearth of market entry ; the two alternatives have very different implications for policy .
the study investigated two [other option] explanations of this comparative dearth of market entry ; the two alternatives have very different implications for policy .

Alternative ways of combining these forecasts ( such as averaging ) are to be examined .
[other option] ways of combining these forecasts ( such as averaging ) are to be examined .

Finally to investigate the equity market with reference to the shares issued by specific companies or industries relative to their need for finance and the availability of alternative sources of finance .
finally to investigate the equity market with reference to the shares issued by specific companies or industries relative to their need for finance and the availability of [other option] sources of finance .

The study is re- examining the national accounts measurement of government services ; it argues that most public servants in fact do things which can be measured and it provides some alternative estimates for real output growth in education , health and public administration ( which compares well with broadly analogous private financial services ) .
the study is re- examining the national accounts measurement of government services ; it argues that most public servants in fact do things which can be measured and it provides some [other option] estimates for real output growth in education , health and public administration ( which compares well with broadly analogous private financial services ) .

The aim of this project is to analyse the economic effects of alternative prevention policies such as , for example , tax hikes , controls over advertising or sport sponsorship , changes in licensing laws or sales outlets , sustained public education campaigns etc . It seeks :
the aim of this project is to analyse the economic effects of [other option] prevention policies such as , for example , tax hikes , controls over advertising or sport sponsorship , changes in licensing laws or sales outlets , sustained public education campaigns etc . it seeks :

The evidence of pervasive disequilibria in centrally planned economies has challenged traditional theories and models and generated interest in two alternative analytical approaches .
the evidence of pervasive disequilibria in centrally planned economies has challenged traditional theories and models and generated interest in two [other option] analytical approaches .

Considerable effort will be directed towards investigating alternative ways in which agents in financial markets form their expectations .
considerable effort will be directed towards investigating [other option] ways in which agents in financial markets form their expectations .

This model will be used to evaluate alternative policies for encouraging economic development in rural Grampian and similar rural areas .
this model will be used to evaluate [other option] policies for encouraging economic development in rural grampian and similar rural areas .

Expectations will be identified explicitly , making it easier to simulate alternative policies under a variety of assumptions about the way expectations are formed , and the way investigations are formed , and the investigation of the robustness of different policies .
expectations will be identified explicitly , making it easier to simulate [other option] policies under a variety of assumptions about the way expectations are formed , and the way investigations are formed , and the investigation of the robustness of different policies .

distinction is made only between cases where countries reschedule their foreign debt and those where they do not ; alternative strategies such as refinancing , restructuring , foreign exchange controls , etc , are ignored , and
distinction is made only between cases where countries reschedule their foreign debt and those where they do not ; [other option] strategies such as refinancing , restructuring , foreign exchange controls , etc , are ignored , and

As well as being used to produce economic forecasts , the model can be used to answer questions on the impact over the whole economy of alternative economic policies .
as well as being used to produce economic forecasts , the model can be used to answer questions on the impact over the whole economy of [other option] economic policies .

New careers in alternative economies , in the black economy and in voluntary work will also be studied .
new careers in [other option] economies , in the black economy and in voluntary work will also be studied .

It is important to examine the uneven nature of these pressures and attempt to predict the prospects for different localities in the context of an evaluation of the potential effectiveness of alternative means of regulating change .
it is important to examine the uneven nature of these pressures and attempt to predict the prospects for different localities in the context of an evaluation of the potential effectiveness of [other option] means of regulating change .

An alternative school of thought , associated with Thomas Schelling , argues that rational bargainers can be influenced by non-mathematical ‘ cues ’ which distinguish one potential agreement as particularly prominent ( a ‘ focal point ’ ) : this gives rise to a self-fulfilling expectation that agreement will be reached at this point .
an [other option] school of thought , associated with thomas schelling , argues that rational bargainers can be influenced by non-mathematical ‘ cues ’ which distinguish one potential agreement as particularly prominent ( a ‘ focal point ’ ) : this gives rise to a self-fulfilling expectation that agreement will be reached at this point .

The main focus of the work in the energy area is into the determinants of energy demand in the longer term ( including the effects of price , technical change and structural adjustment ) , the technological and economical assessment of alternative energy production systems , and the impact of new electronics related technologies on energy consumption and production .
the main focus of the work in the energy area is into the determinants of energy demand in the longer term ( including the effects of price , technical change and structural adjustment ) , the technological and economical assessment of [other option] energy production systems , and the impact of new electronics related technologies on energy consumption and production .

The Resource Options Programme is concerned to analyse the scope for and constraints upon ethnicity as a principle of economic organisation and group identity , paying special attention to localism as an alternative principle by which groups may organise or identify for particular purposes .
the resource options programme is concerned to analyse the scope for and constraints upon ethnicity as a principle of economic organisation and group identity , paying special attention to localism as an [other option] principle by which groups may organise or identify for particular purposes .

It will consider the various inter-relations between perceivedly ‘ soccer hooligan ’ formations , their fellow supporters , their rivals , and those involved in alternative youth cultures .
it will consider the various inter-relations between perceivedly ‘ soccer hooligan ’ formations , their fellow supporters , their rivals , and those involved in [other option] youth cultures .

Finally it suggests an alternative approach to the standard studies of ‘ white collar crime ’ and the limits of legal regulation .
finally it suggests an [other option] approach to the standard studies of ‘ white collar crime ’ and the limits of legal regulation .

Now several alternative notations are available , and no attempt to evaluate all of them has yet been made .
now several [other option] notations are available , and no attempt to evaluate all of them has yet been made .

Conversely , in Third World countries today , where industrial development is in its infancy , the demand for domestic servants is high ( the supply being fuelled by the decline of subsistence agriculture and by the lack of alternative employment ) .
conversely , in third world countries today , where industrial development is in its infancy , the demand for domestic servants is high ( the supply being fuelled by the decline of subsistence agriculture and by the lack of [other option] employment ) .

The construction of an alternative ( cervical mucus ) method of contraception , 1960-1991
the construction of an [other option] ( cervical mucus ) method of contraception , 1960-1991

The time spent searching the types of jobs considered acceptable , temporary work , and the availability of alternative jobs within and without industry are quite different for men and women .
the time spent searching the types of jobs considered acceptable , temporary work , and the availability of [other option] jobs within and without industry are quite different for men and women .

On the basis of interviews with samples of prisoners and staff , and of observations , an attempt is made to show : what the prison system is like ; why it is like it is ; whether it makes sense to those who experience it ; and whether there are alternative ways of reconciling security and control with humane containment .
on the basis of interviews with samples of prisoners and staff , and of observations , an attempt is made to show : what the prison system is like ; why it is like it is ; whether it makes sense to those who experience it ; and whether there are [other option] ways of reconciling security and control with humane containment .

This study will also take into account choices between alternative methods and the selection of topics and sites for investigation .
this study will also take into account choices between [other option] methods and the selection of topics and sites for investigation .

The first phase of this initiative funded seven projects pertaining to the following themes : the implications of social and economic changes in the country on children in care ; the effects of regional differences in administrative and policy procedures on children in care ; evaluation of alternative forms of care ; and the perception of care by children and other parties .
the first phase of this initiative funded seven projects pertaining to the following themes : the implications of social and economic changes in the country on children in care ; the effects of regional differences in administrative and policy procedures on children in care ; evaluation of [other option] forms of care ; and the perception of care by children and other parties .

Experimentation with ‘ alternative ’ ways of organising social affairs may be expected , thanks to increased leisure time , more home-based working and , above all , sheer ideological commitment .
experimentation with ‘ [other option] ’ ways of organising social affairs may be expected , thanks to increased leisure time , more home-based working and , above all , sheer ideological commitment .

They were doing battle on the pitch rather than swapping banter in the columns of their alternative programmes .
they were doing battle on the pitch rather than swapping banter in the columns of their [other option] programmes .

It is understood relatives of the baby , from Dagenham , east London , agreed reluctantly to a transfusion , but it was blocked after objections from senior officials of the religious sect , who hoped alternative treatment could be found .
it is understood relatives of the baby , from dagenham , east london , agreed reluctantly to a transfusion , but it was blocked after objections from senior officials of the religious sect , who hoped [other option] treatment could be found .

Thai food is no exception : quick to cook and easy to prepare , these spicy dishes make an inventive alternative to the Sunday roast .
thai food is no exception : quick to cook and easy to prepare , these spicy dishes make an inventive [other option] to the sunday roast .

The Ulster Unionists , by far the largest party with nearly 30pc of the vote , are presently engaged in finding an alternative formula .
the ulster unionists , by far the largest party with nearly 30pc of the vote , are presently engaged in finding an [other option] formula .

Positive alternative to breaking the law …
positive [other option] to breaking the law …

‘ But the performance of the Labour candidates indicates that , if a viable alternative political force presents itself , a sufficient number of people may be prepared to break ranks and vote in a way which does not tend to propel our communities into deadly conflict with each other . ’
‘ but the performance of the labour candidates indicates that , if a viable [other option] political force presents itself , a sufficient number of people may be prepared to break ranks and vote in a way which does not tend to propel our communities into deadly conflict with each other . ’

‘ The irony is that the town hall was one of the alternative venues considered after the Opera House was wrecked , but the hall was already booked .
‘ the irony is that the town hall was one of the [other option] venues considered after the opera house was wrecked , but the hall was already booked .

While alternative venues have been found for Nanci Griffiths ' concerts , the rest of us have been forced to imagine what might have been .
while [other option] venues have been found for nanci griffiths ' concerts , the rest of us have been forced to imagine what might have been .

The Madeleine Newton Fund for Alternative Cancer Research and Treatment is named after a primary school teacher who died of breast cancer in 1987 at the age of 32 .
the madeleine newton fund for [other option] cancer research and treatment is named after a primary school teacher who died of breast cancer in 1987 at the age of 32 .

After studying much of the available literature and alternative methods of cancer treatment , Madeleine began the Bristol Cancer Diet and , with the co-operation and put together her own ‘ alternative ’ treatment plan using diet , homeopathy and psychotherapy .
after studying much of the available literature and [other option] methods of cancer treatment , madeleine began the bristol cancer diet and , with the co-operation and put together her own ‘ [other option] ’ treatment plan using diet , homeopathy and psychotherapy .

By a European comparison of national policies for ownership , competition , technology , finance , programming and telecommunication , the research provides an alternative basis for considering possible improvements to British regulatory policies .
by a european comparison of national policies for ownership , competition , technology , finance , programming and telecommunication , the research provides an [other option] basis for considering possible improvements to british regulatory policies .

Section 4 of the Land Tenure Reform ( Scotland ) Act , 1974. contains no such alternative and subsection 4 of that section provides for a receipt which , like its prototype in the 1914 Act , is not in its simplest form a recordable document .
section 4 of the land tenure reform ( scotland ) act , 1974. contains no such [other option] and subsection 4 of that section provides for a receipt which , like its prototype in the 1914 act , is not in its simplest form a recordable document .

The alternative contention of illegality under the Counter Inflation Act , 1973 , fared no better .
the [other option] contention of illegality under the counter inflation act , 1973 , fared no better .

Morrow 's ‘ alternative ’ position is anchor midfield , the position Donaghy currently occupies .
morrow 's ‘ [other option] ’ position is anchor midfield , the position donaghy currently occupies .

Big Jack has an alternative — to include Ronnie Whelan in a five man midfield with Quinn the lone striker and Houghton and Staunton pushing up in support .
big jack has an [other option] — to include ronnie whelan in a five man midfield with quinn the lone striker and houghton and staunton pushing up in support .

We therefore need to seek alternative methods of information provision at these times , through better orientation , interpretation , labelling , information leaflets , novel technological methods , and through the use of those staff who are on duty as information providers .
we therefore need to seek [other option] methods of information provision at these times , through better orientation , interpretation , labelling , information leaflets , novel technological methods , and through the use of those staff who are on duty as information providers .

As a less effective alternative —
as a less effective [other option] —

Either alternative makes heavy demands on computing power , particularly on networked systems .
either [other option] makes heavy demands on computing power , particularly on networked systems .

The magistrates pointed out that they did not consider this sufficient punishment , but since the men already had a huge backlog of unpaid fines , there was little point in imposing a larger sum , and no alternative sentence was possible under current law .
the magistrates pointed out that they did not consider this sufficient punishment , but since the men already had a huge backlog of unpaid fines , there was little point in imposing a larger sum , and no [other option] sentence was possible under current law .

( An alternative expression of Lotka 's Law derived by Kyvik 114 is that the number of scientists producing n papers is proportional to 1/n 2 .
( an [other option] expression of lotka 's law derived by kyvik 114 is that the number of scientists producing n papers is proportional to 1/n 2 .

While every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative Executive Course in the case of applications not received within the specified time .
while every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an [other option] executive course in the case of applications not received within the specified time .

For the hybrid motor the main source of magnetic flux is a permanent magnet and d.c. currents flowing in one or more windings direct the flux along alternative paths .
for the hybrid motor the main source of magnetic flux is a permanent magnet and d.c. currents flowing in one or more windings direct the flux along [other option] paths .

The three alternative methods of connecting four windings are shown in Fig .
the three [other option] methods of connecting four windings are shown in fig .

a three-phase , 15 degree step length motor is constructed with eight rotor teeth and usually has twelve stator teeth , although the alternative of six stator teeth would produce the same step length .
a three-phase , 15 degree step length motor is constructed with eight rotor teeth and usually has twelve stator teeth , although the [other option] of six stator teeth would produce the same step length .

This possibility is avoided by providing an alternative current path — known as the freewheeling circuit — for the phase current .
this possibility is avoided by providing an [other option] current path — known as the freewheeling circuit — for the phase current .

The two bifilar windings of one phase may be excited by separate unipolar drive circuits of the type discussed in Section 2.2 , but one alternative is to `` share `` the forcing resistance between the two bifilar windings , as shown in Fig.2.4 .
the two bifilar windings of one phase may be excited by separate unipolar drive circuits of the type discussed in section 2.2 , but one [other option] is to `` share `` the forcing resistance between the two bifilar windings , as shown in fig.2.4 .

An alternative method of minimising static error is to connect the motor to the load by a gear or , if linear load positioning is required , by a leadscrew , so the effects of these mechanical connections are also investigated .
an [other option] method of minimising static error is to connect the motor to the load by a gear or , if linear load positioning is required , by a leadscrew , so the effects of these mechanical connections are also investigated .

Once this oscillation amplitude is exceeded the motor torque causes the rotor to move towards an alternative step position which is a complete rotor tooth pitch from the expected position [ see Fig .
once this oscillation amplitude is exceeded the motor torque causes the rotor to move towards an [other option] step position which is a complete rotor tooth pitch from the expected position [ see fig .

An alternative viewpoint is obtained from the circuit model for the phase windings .
an [other option] viewpoint is obtained from the circuit model for the phase windings .

Beling ( 1978 ) describes an alternative implementation , in which a clock signal — set at the maximum stepping rate — is input to a phase sensitive detector , which also receives step command signals .
beling ( 1978 ) describes an [other option] implementation , in which a clock signal — set at the maximum stepping rate — is input to a phase sensitive detector , which also receives step command signals .

However , the technique of waveform detection , described in Section 7.4 , is now an attractive and low-cost alternative .
however , the technique of waveform detection , described in section 7.4 , is now an attractive and low-cost [other option] .

7.4 Alternative position detection techniques : waveform detection
7.4 [other option] position detection techniques : waveform detection

In applications involving the real.time control of several other devices the hardware.intensive approach may be the only realistic alternative , because of programming constraints .
in applications involving the real.time control of several other devices the hardware.intensive approach may be the only realistic [other option] , because of programming constraints .

Light ( 1976 ) highlighted the problems associated with specialist dichotomous keys and proposed this pictorial alternative .
light ( 1976 ) highlighted the problems associated with specialist dichotomous keys and proposed this pictorial [other option] .

The tabular key has also been developed as an alternative to the traditional kind .
the tabular key has also been developed as an [other option] to the traditional kind .

So brief is the note , and couched in such general terms , that it is difficult to base much upon it , but worth noting are the facts that he clearly saw his choice as lying in the normal way between tedris and kaza , which he calls two paths or careers ; that a signal disadvantage of teaching was that it was unremunerative ; and , not least , that , unable to contemplate either alternative , he was able to find a home for his talents and interests in the bureaucracy .
so brief is the note , and couched in such general terms , that it is difficult to base much upon it , but worth noting are the facts that he clearly saw his choice as lying in the normal way between tedris and kaza , which he calls two paths or careers ; that a signal disadvantage of teaching was that it was unremunerative ; and , not least , that , unable to contemplate either [other option] , he was able to find a home for his talents and interests in the bureaucracy .

There is clearly — indeed there would have to be — more to Cemaleddin Aksarayi 's life than the sources record , and while in a general way it is unquestionably right to urge caution in adopting Husameddin 's material , in this particular case there appears to be evidence which at the least requires an alternative explanation before being dismissed .
there is clearly — indeed there would have to be — more to cemaleddin aksarayi 's life than the sources record , and while in a general way it is unquestionably right to urge caution in adopting husameddin 's material , in this particular case there appears to be evidence which at the least requires an [other option] explanation before being dismissed .

Only two of the standard biographical sources suggest any alternative to this date : the gives both 832/1428–9 and 834 as possibilities , while Ali gives Rajab 833/March-April 1430 .
only two of the standard biographical sources suggest any [other option] to this date : the gives both 832/1428–9 and 834 as possibilities , while ali gives rajab 833/march-april 1430 .

There is an alternative kind of information technology based upon analogue information .
there is an [other option] kind of information technology based upon analogue information .

Haemoglobin is doing an important job in the blood , and its details really matter ; but several alternative variants of it seem capable of doing the job equally well .
haemoglobin is doing an important job in the blood , and its details really matter ; but several [other option] variants of it seem capable of doing the job equally well .

Let us , for the sake of discussion , entertain the alternative assumption that life has arisen only once , ever , and that was here on Earth .
let us , for the sake of discussion , entertain the [other option] assumption that life has arisen only once , ever , and that was here on earth .

To understand why it is , consider an alternative assumption .
to understand why it is , consider an [other option] assumption .

Some chemical substances have the potential to crystallize in two alternative ways .
some chemical substances have the potential to crystallize in two [other option] ways .

Sometimes there are two , or more , alternative chemical pathways to the same useful end .
sometimes there are two , or more , [other option] chemical pathways to the same useful end .

Either of the two alternative pathways will do the job , and it does n't matter which one is used .
either of the two [other option] pathways will do the job , and it does n't matter which one is used .

That was the unspoken alternative ( or at least unspoken by all except the red crow , who cheerily brought the subject up on every third or fourth visit ) , that was the easy way out .
that was the unspoken [other option] ( or at least unspoken by all except the red crow , who cheerily brought the subject up on every third or fourth visit ) , that was the easy way out .

she would have to get a lot more fed up and tired with this old , time-frozen body before suicide became a serious alternative .
she would have to get a lot more fed up and tired with this old , time-frozen body before suicide became a serious [other option] .

The alternative is a record without natural breaks , only divisible by arbitrary man-made decisions .
the [other option] is a record without natural breaks , only divisible by arbitrary man-made decisions .

The only real alternative to the `` golden horizon `` is the `` golden spike `` .
the only real [other option] to the `` golden horizon `` is the `` golden spike `` .

By taking account of business and other operational plans , such as changes in working practices , projections are made over a five-year period to provide base information against which to evaluate alternative strategies on staffing requirements and costs .
by taking account of business and other operational plans , such as changes in working practices , projections are made over a five-year period to provide base information against which to evaluate [other option] strategies on staffing requirements and costs .

Water was comparatively plentiful , except in times of drought , but the pools and streams were infested with the parasites which caused bilharzia , a debilitating disease which infected nearly all the local people , who had no alternative water supply for washing .
water was comparatively plentiful , except in times of drought , but the pools and streams were infested with the parasites which caused bilharzia , a debilitating disease which infected nearly all the local people , who had no [other option] water supply for washing .

They had no alternative but to take the cause of all the drama to hospital , forty miles away in Bulawayo .
they had no [other option] but to take the cause of all the drama to hospital , forty miles away in bulawayo .

The alternative , spending the time until her trial in gaol , made her feel queasy just thinking about it .
the [other option] , spending the time until her trial in gaol , made her feel queasy just thinking about it .

‘ The alternative was gaol .
‘ the [other option] was gaol .

She 'd be able to view the whole episode in perspective : see it for what it was , a brief flirtation brought about by proximity , boredom , and lack of alternative company .
she 'd be able to view the whole episode in perspective : see it for what it was , a brief flirtation brought about by proximity , boredom , and lack of [other option] company .

An alternative explanation might see these fortified sites being used as bases for the storage of spare equipment and horses plus food and fodder for mobile cavalry units of the late Roman field army in Britain .
an [other option] explanation might see these fortified sites being used as bases for the storage of spare equipment and horses plus food and fodder for mobile cavalry units of the late roman field army in britain .

The last alternative is that buildings were specifically constructed for them .
the last [other option] is that buildings were specifically constructed for them .

Higher profits indicate a more favourable return on capital , which may encourage companies to reinvest any surplus rather than devote it to alternative uses .
higher profits indicate a more favourable return on capital , which may encourage companies to reinvest any surplus rather than devote it to [other option] uses .

Private markets are unable to cope with providing goods at zero price , so that public provision is the only alternative should this welfare argument be accepted .
private markets are unable to cope with providing goods at zero price , so that public provision is the only [other option] should this welfare argument be accepted .

Nevertheless , there is also much greater competition for deposits , not only with other financial institutions , but also with other and alternative forms of wealth holding , such as equities .
nevertheless , there is also much greater competition for deposits , not only with other financial institutions , but also with other and [other option] forms of wealth holding , such as equities .

‘ The matters to which regard is to be had in particular … are any of the following which appear to be relevant — ; ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) alternative means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practic-able ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer . ’
‘ the matters to which regard is to be had in particular … are any of the following which appear to be relevant — ; ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) [other option] means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practic-able ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer . ’

Obviously , if the alternative offer had involved a considerably or prohibitively higher price , that would tell against the seller .
obviously , if the [other option] offer had involved a considerably or prohibitively higher price , that would tell against the seller .

If the innocent party adopts the latter alternative then he can claim damages if and when the actual breach ( non-delivery or non-acceptance ) occurs .
if the innocent party adopts the latter [other option] then he can claim damages if and when the actual breach ( non-delivery or non-acceptance ) occurs .

Additional or alternative defendant — section 23
additional or [other option] defendant — section 23

Additional or alternative defendant
additional or [other option] defendant

The Director General , before considering a complaint , may require the complainant to satisfy him that alternative methods of dealing with the matter have been tried and found inadequate .
the director general , before considering a complaint , may require the complainant to satisfy him that [other option] methods of dealing with the matter have been tried and found inadequate .

For Lloyd , from an east coast Scottish village background , the American appeared a charismatic character , exuding self-confidence , surrounded by women students , like some alternative Hugh Hefner .
for lloyd , from an east coast scottish village background , the american appeared a charismatic character , exuding self-confidence , surrounded by women students , like some [other option] hugh hefner .

Since it was to be a fortnightly , the best thing was to alternate with the other half of what passed for London 's alternative press , Private Eye .
since it was to be a fortnightly , the best thing was to alternate with the other half of what passed for london 's [other option] press , private eye .

The Jeanetta Cochrane could be an alternative ‘ centre of excellence ’ , a derelict warehouse in Drury Lane clearly could n't .
the jeanetta cochrane could be an [other option] ‘ centre of excellence ’ , a derelict warehouse in drury lane clearly could n't .

‘ It even included a piece by Anthony Burgess — not a figure usually associated with the alternative culture — on ‘ flower language ’ .
‘ it even included a piece by anthony burgess — not a figure usually associated with the [other option] culture — on ‘ flower language ’ .

Stansill was not one of the extroverts of the underground , but what he did bring was method , in an environment with hardly any , and a philosophical view about the alternative which the underground could offer .
stansill was not one of the extroverts of the underground , but what he did bring was method , in an environment with hardly any , and a philosophical view about the [other option] which the underground could offer .

There was only one pub to go to and , since that closed at eleven o'clock , the alternative was her house .
there was only one pub to go to and , since that closed at eleven o'clock , the [other option] was her house .

It32 appeared as a ‘ Special Rush Paris Alternative Society Now ’ edition , for 1/6d ( 7½p ) in London , but in Paris it was free .
it32 appeared as a ‘ special rush paris [other option] society now ’ edition , for 1/6d ( 7½p ) in london , but in paris it was free .

Alternative information services were another obsession of the times , hence John Hopkins 's Bit .
[other option] information services were another obsession of the times , hence john hopkins 's bit .

Distribution — Setting up agency agreements while avoiding possible conflicts of interest ; drafting franchise agreements as an alternative distribution method .
distribution — setting up agency agreements while avoiding possible conflicts of interest ; drafting franchise agreements as an [other option] distribution method .

Having been awarded your degree you then complete the Academic Stage of Training by means of the Common Professional Examination or recognised alternative .
having been awarded your degree you then complete the academic stage of training by means of the common professional examination or recognised [other option] .

After successful completion of the academic stage of training by the Common Professional Examination or an alternative , you then proceed to the Legal Practice Course , followed by the two year training contract .
after successful completion of the academic stage of training by the common professional examination or an [other option] , you then proceed to the legal practice course , followed by the two year training contract .

He talked about the rising cost in legal aid ; he talked about legal aid in other countries ; and he arbitrarily discounted the proposals in our alternative package .
he talked about the rising cost in legal aid ; he talked about legal aid in other countries ; and he arbitrarily discounted the proposals in our [other option] package .

We need proper consideration of the very constructive alternative proposals we have put forward .
we need proper consideration of the very constructive [other option] proposals we have put forward .

There is an alternative .
there is an [other option] .

The Law Society and The Bar have today finalised an alternative package of measures which they are urging the government to accept in place of the Lord Chancellor 's proposed cuts to legal aid eligibility , which the Society calculates could mean that up to 12 million people would be unable to afford legal aid .
the law society and the bar have today finalised an [other option] package of measures which they are urging the government to accept in place of the lord chancellor 's proposed cuts to legal aid eligibility , which the society calculates could mean that up to 12 million people would be unable to afford legal aid .

These measures will be fully explained to the Annual Conference of Presidents and Secretaries of Local Law Societies in London on Tuesday 19 January when John Appleby , Chairman of the Courts and Legal Services Committee , will present the package and call on the Government to withdraw its proposed eligibility cuts immediately now that an alternative package of savings has been agreed by the profession .
these measures will be fully explained to the annual conference of presidents and secretaries of local law societies in london on tuesday 19 january when john appleby , chairman of the courts and legal services committee , will present the package and call on the government to withdraw its proposed eligibility cuts immediately now that an [other option] package of savings has been agreed by the profession .

He will also outline suggestions for a longer-term alternative package for 1994/95 and 1995/96 .
he will also outline suggestions for a longer-term [other option] package for 1994/95 and 1995/96 .

‘ We have been left with no alternative but to take action through the courts to defend the Legal Aid Scheme .
‘ we have been left with no [other option] but to take action through the courts to defend the legal aid scheme .

The legal profession has already put forward alternative proposals which would save the money the Lord Chancellor requires to save next year .
the legal profession has already put forward [other option] proposals which would save the money the lord chancellor requires to save next year .

The Remuneration Certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .
the remuneration certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an [other option] court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .

Individual managers have a special responsibility to ensure that staff in looking forward to future alternative arrangements do not neglect to do what they have to do , now and in the near future , prudently and safely .
individual managers have a special responsibility to ensure that staff in looking forward to future [other option] arrangements do not neglect to do what they have to do , now and in the near future , prudently and safely .

How could it have been simply an accident ? Merrill asked herself again , going over the same painful ground . Yet — the alternative ? Could Elise simply have decided to switch off ? In view of her lust for life , her appetite simply for living ?
how could it have been simply an accident ? merrill asked herself again , going over the same painful ground . yet — the [other option] ? could elise simply have decided to switch off ? in view of her lust for life , her appetite simply for living ?

Its chart gallery offers a good range of options and you can easily customise your chart in other ways- such as by adding a legend or by select an alternative colour palette .
its chart gallery offers a good range of options and you can easily customise your chart in other ways- such as by adding a legend or by select an [other option] colour palette .

It 's appropriate to bring in the alternative processor manufacturers at this point .
it 's appropriate to bring in the [other option] processor manufacturers at this point .

The alternative , then , is a utility to do the job for you in as painless a way as possible .
the [other option] , then , is a utility to do the job for you in as painless a way as possible .

There are two alternative views of the presentation .
there are two [other option] views of the presentation .

As an alternative you can make use of a standard width printer and a package such as Sideways or Allways to turn the text through 90 degrees and compress it .
as an [other option] you can make use of a standard width printer and a package such as sideways or allways to turn the text through 90 degrees and compress it .

With its new MouseMan Cordless , Logitech has opted for the alternative cordless solution , radio .
with its new mouseman cordless , logitech has opted for the [other option] cordless solution , radio .

As a cheaper alternative to the likes of PhotoStyler or Publisher 's Paintbrush , it comes out well , automating many of the enhancement procedures they include — the screenshot of the auto-enhance facility shows this .
as a cheaper [other option] to the likes of photostyler or publisher 's paintbrush , it comes out well , automating many of the enhancement procedures they include — the screenshot of the auto-enhance facility shows this .

Herein lies one alternative method of program launching .
herein lies one [other option] method of program launching .

PKLite offers an alternative by compressing only executable files , that is the .
pklite offers an [other option] by compressing only executable files , that is the .

An alternative way of stopping date and time values from changing if you have already made a lot of entries into a spreadsheet is to use the /Range , Value command and specifying the relevant range of cells when prompted ‘ Convert what ? and then pressing enter twice so that the same starting point is used for ‘ To where ? ’ .
an [other option] way of stopping date and time values from changing if you have already made a lot of entries into a spreadsheet is to use the /range , value command and specifying the relevant range of cells when prompted ‘ convert what ? and then pressing enter twice so that the same starting point is used for ‘ to where ? ’ .

The Ctrl and Alt keys act like alternative shift keys .
the ctrl and alt keys act like [other option] shift keys .

On radio last week , high-profile Shadow Chancellor Gordon Brown was spelling out his alternative recovery programme for the umpteenth time .
on radio last week , high-profile shadow chancellor gordon brown was spelling out his [other option] recovery programme for the umpteenth time .

She hates what she does now , but feels that there is no alternative .
she hates what she does now , but feels that there is no [other option] .

She could n't go on any further , and finding an alternative route in this black , rainswept landscape was not going to be an easy task .
she could n't go on any further , and finding an [other option] route in this black , rainswept landscape was not going to be an easy task .

The only other alternative was to go back to the cottage , as well he 'd known .
the only other [other option] was to go back to the cottage , as well he 'd known .

Scotch Whisky provides 15,000 jobs , many in rural areas with few alternative opportunities .
scotch whisky provides 15,000 jobs , many in rural areas with few [other option] opportunities .

An alternative , favoured by those of a religious persuasion , was that A'Tuin was crawling from the Birthplace to the Time of Mating , as were all the stars in the sky which were , obviously , also carried by giant turtles .
an [other option] , favoured by those of a religious persuasion , was that a'tuin was crawling from the birthplace to the time of mating , as were all the stars in the sky which were , obviously , also carried by giant turtles .

There was a third alternative .
there was a third [other option] .

Hidden in his catalogue of explicit delights was the one implicit one he had carefully avoided — the one alternative she had vowed never to consider again .
hidden in his catalogue of explicit delights was the one implicit one he had carefully avoided — the one [other option] she had vowed never to consider again .

With the cold winter evenings ahead why not try out some of these differing styles as alternative self-portraits instead of trying on the Euromask ?
with the cold winter evenings ahead why not try out some of these differing styles as [other option] self-portraits instead of trying on the euromask ?

Having studied data gathered from various sources , the team has assisted staff to programme telephone handsets into ‘ hunt groups ’ , whereby calls can be answered by an alternative to prevent the call reverting to the switchboard unanswered .
having studied data gathered from various sources , the team has assisted staff to programme telephone handsets into ‘ hunt groups ’ , whereby calls can be answered by an [other option] to prevent the call reverting to the switchboard unanswered .

It 's just that he 's been used to having his own way for so long it does n't occur to him there are perspectives alternative to his own .
it 's just that he 's been used to having his own way for so long it does n't occur to him there are perspectives [other option] to his own .

Indeed reference to embalming tables and embalming abound in the text and the assumption is made that families would initially come to a funeral director for this alternative to burial or cremation , without warning .
indeed reference to embalming tables and embalming abound in the text and the assumption is made that families would initially come to a funeral director for this [other option] to burial or cremation , without warning .

There is no question of cryonic suspension being an alternative to embalming as the two practices are poles apart in both outlook and philosophy .
there is no question of cryonic suspension being an [other option] to embalming as the two practices are poles apart in both outlook and philosophy .

McMillan and Meyer suggested , while alternative forms are also used : and
mcmillan and meyer suggested , while [other option] forms are also used : and

The alternative extrapolation method uses the inherent viscosity as where k′′ is another shape dependent factor .
the [other option] extrapolation method uses the inherent viscosity as where k′′ is another shape dependent factor .

The molecular dimensions of a polymer chain in any solvent can be calculated directly from light scattering measurements , using equation ( 9.36 ) , if the coil is large enough to scatter light in an asymmetric manner , but when the chain is too short to be measured accurately in this way an alternative technique has to be used .
the molecular dimensions of a polymer chain in any solvent can be calculated directly from light scattering measurements , using equation ( 9.36 ) , if the coil is large enough to scatter light in an asymmetric manner , but when the chain is too short to be measured accurately in this way an [other option] technique has to be used .

The alternative is to produce a paper map and photograph it .
the [other option] is to produce a paper map and photograph it .

An example of the latter use might be where a sequence of maps showing alternative strategies ( such as routes for a motorway ) was required for demonstration purposes , for example at a public enquiry .
an example of the latter use might be where a sequence of maps showing [other option] strategies ( such as routes for a motorway ) was required for demonstration purposes , for example at a public enquiry .

In terms of a human life-span , the development of a hill-slope takes a very long time , and one could not stay around long enough to test alternative theories of hill-slope development if observation of processes acting on the present landscape produced the only relevant data .
in terms of a human life-span , the development of a hill-slope takes a very long time , and one could not stay around long enough to test [other option] theories of hill-slope development if observation of processes acting on the present landscape produced the only relevant data .

It is sometimes interesting to use the transition probability matrix to generate synthetic sequences of foggy and clear days ; these sequences show patterns that might be expected to occur in the future ( since there are an infinite number of alternative futures but only one present and one past ) .
it is sometimes interesting to use the transition probability matrix to generate synthetic sequences of foggy and clear days ; these sequences show patterns that might be expected to occur in the future ( since there are an infinite number of [other option] futures but only one present and one past ) .

Study of these alternative future sequences might show a particular tendency , with one type of pattern being more prevalent ( and hence more likely ) than others .
study of these [other option] future sequences might show a particular tendency , with one type of pattern being more prevalent ( and hence more likely ) than others .

It is also possible to get data for past populations of countries , and to make alternative projections towards the present day , thus comparing what did happen with what might have happened .
it is also possible to get data for past populations of countries , and to make [other option] projections towards the present day , thus comparing what did happen with what might have happened .

( c ) Alternative population structure for Peru in 2003 .
( c ) [other option] population structure for peru in 2003 .

While programs already exist for many of these topics it is sometimes more satisfying if one has sufficient ability in computer programming to modify existing simulations or create alternative programs .
while programs already exist for many of these topics it is sometimes more satisfying if one has sufficient ability in computer programming to modify existing simulations or create [other option] programs .

‘ There is no alternative , ’ Woolley said .
‘ there is no [other option] , ’ woolley said .

Alternative products
[other option] products

If the competition offered no alternative to the proposed new product it would score highly .
if the competition offered no [other option] to the proposed new product it would score highly .

To list alternative solutions
to list [other option] solutions

To decide on the best alternative
to decide on the best [other option]

The alternative event resulting from decision 1 is that the project fails .
the [other option] event resulting from decision 1 is that the project fails .

Each member is encouraged to speculate on alternative methods of performing the functions at lower cost .
each member is encouraged to speculate on [other option] methods of performing the functions at lower cost .

You give us no alternative .
you give us no [other option] .

‘ You leave us no alternative , ’ echoed the Bishop .
‘ you leave us no [other option] , ’ echoed the bishop .

The alternative is to divide our forces .
the [other option] is to divide our forces .

The zip had become stuck , his musical cue came and he had no alternative but to go back on stage , in a routine that included some big kicks .
the zip had become stuck , his musical cue came and he had no [other option] but to go back on stage , in a routine that included some big kicks .

The technique needs , compared with the alternative methods , little formal training .
the technique needs , compared with the [other option] methods , little formal training .

There was no alternative for Gould but to suppress the 20 plates he had published , refund his subscribers , and go straightaway to Australia to find out what they looked like .
there was no [other option] for gould but to suppress the 20 plates he had published , refund his subscribers , and go straightaway to australia to find out what they looked like .

He had no alternative but to trust his fortune to fate and the high seas .
he had no [other option] but to trust his fortune to fate and the high seas .

The destruction in 1980 of Iraq 's two Gulf terminals , together with the depletion of its foreign-exchange reserves , meant that it was in urgent need of an alternative means of delivering oil in the Gulf and a means of settling suppliers ' bills while payment for the oil was coming through .
the destruction in 1980 of iraq 's two gulf terminals , together with the depletion of its foreign-exchange reserves , meant that it was in urgent need of an [other option] means of delivering oil in the gulf and a means of settling suppliers ' bills while payment for the oil was coming through .

Because Saudi Arabia had an alternative outlet on the Red Sea at Yanbu ’ , created in the 1970s against just such a contingency , it was estimated that only some 8 million b/d would be removed from the market were Hormuz closed .
because saudi arabia had an [other option] outlet on the red sea at yanbu ’ , created in the 1970s against just such a contingency , it was estimated that only some 8 million b/d would be removed from the market were hormuz closed .

They actually tried to have a structure for the organisation that had doctors , nurses , alternative healers and patients with parity at the organisational level , but they kept the front up that it was run by doctors , because that way they would be acknowledged within the discourses of medicine as having equal power to argue .
they actually tried to have a structure for the organisation that had doctors , nurses , [other option] healers and patients with parity at the organisational level , but they kept the front up that it was run by doctors , because that way they would be acknowledged within the discourses of medicine as having equal power to argue .

Instead , women 's art has largely been confined to ‘ alternative ’ sites .
instead , women 's art has largely been confined to ‘ [other option] ’ sites .

This is of course an ongoing process for feminist artists as the work produced accommodates and contributes to the changing debates and theories of Feminism both in alternative public sites and more traditional gallery sites .
this is of course an ongoing process for feminist artists as the work produced accommodates and contributes to the changing debates and theories of feminism both in [other option] public sites and more traditional gallery sites .

The middle stage is often arcaded but not often lit ( its alternative name is the blind storey which is more descriptive ) .
the middle stage is often arcaded but not often lit ( its [other option] name is the blind storey which is more descriptive ) .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an [other option] to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

Robert waved briefly , ducked , and looked for an alternative means of escape .
robert waved briefly , ducked , and looked for an [other option] means of escape .

Similarly , the idea that these changes in social and personal life were being partly supplanted by alternative forms of close-knit association was also shared by a wide range of authors .
similarly , the idea that these changes in social and personal life were being partly supplanted by [other option] forms of close-knit association was also shared by a wide range of authors .

An alternative view is represented by Figure 2.6 .
an [other option] view is represented by figure 2.6 .

This leads him to put forward an alternative , three-point scheme for understanding the individual 's conscious and subconscious behaviour and its relation to the social world .
this leads him to put forward an [other option] , three-point scheme for understanding the individual 's conscious and subconscious behaviour and its relation to the social world .

The result was what Castells called a ‘ local utopia ’ ; one constrained to a small locality and an alternative culture and not substantially challenging state power .
the result was what castells called a ‘ local utopia ’ ; one constrained to a small locality and an [other option] culture and not substantially challenging state power .

Resistance by working class youth , therefore , takes various ‘ magical ’ or ‘ symbolic ’ forms : dress , style , alternative ways of life .
resistance by working class youth , therefore , takes various ‘ magical ’ or ‘ symbolic ’ forms : dress , style , [other option] ways of life .

‘ Alternative ’ forms of subculture are still very much adaptations of dominant cultural forms : language and other modes of expression being , for example , adaptations of those generally , publicly , or commercially available .
‘ [other option] ’ forms of subculture are still very much adaptations of dominant cultural forms : language and other modes of expression being , for example , adaptations of those generally , publicly , or commercially available .

Similarly , patriarchal relations between men and women or racism are also a frequent feature of these supposedly alternative forms of gang life .
similarly , patriarchal relations between men and women or racism are also a frequent feature of these supposedly [other option] forms of gang life .

Basing his analysis on a combination of Freud and genetics , Badcock argues that young people forming oppositional , ‘ alternative ’ cultures are , in fact , resisting the oppressive emotional investment of their parents .
basing his analysis on a combination of freud and genetics , badcock argues that young people forming oppositional , ‘ [other option] ’ cultures are , in fact , resisting the oppressive emotional investment of their parents .

The structures common to society as a whole ( especially the structure of language ) do not simply constrain alternative values and ways of life .
the structures common to society as a whole ( especially the structure of language ) do not simply constrain [other option] values and ways of life .

The emphasis on locality and variable demands on national government is one which we need to retain for our alternative view of the state .
the emphasis on locality and variable demands on national government is one which we need to retain for our [other option] view of the state .

This reconsideration of the original managerial thesis was eventually linked to an alternative and wider conceptualisation of the state , state officials and their relation to society .
this reconsideration of the original managerial thesis was eventually linked to an [other option] and wider conceptualisation of the state , state officials and their relation to society .

The alternative to managerialism was ‘ corporatism ’ , a concept which had earlier found application in the study of fascism but which was now dusted off for use in what seemed like a new social era .
the [other option] to managerialism was ‘ corporatism ’ , a concept which had earlier found application in the study of fascism but which was now dusted off for use in what seemed like a new social era .

To explore this alternative dimension to politics we must return to Freud who , with LeBon , developed his distinctive theory of politics and the state .
to explore this [other option] dimension to politics we must return to freud who , with lebon , developed his distinctive theory of politics and the state .

The alternative , they argue , is to let the great mass of people engage in market processes , freeing themselves from such dependency .
the [other option] , they argue , is to let the great mass of people engage in market processes , freeing themselves from such dependency .

An alternative approach would break up the organisation according to some other criteria but implement each section in turn and allow for integration later .
an [other option] approach would break up the organisation according to some other criteria but implement each section in turn and allow for integration later .

This alternative design may be based on management needs , a sort of top-down approach .
this [other option] design may be based on management needs , a sort of top-down approach .

There may be alternative keys , in which case the most natural or concise is normally chosen .
there may be [other option] keys , in which case the most natural or concise is normally chosen .

An alternative approach is document-driven , where most of the information comes from a study of documents .
an [other option] approach is document-driven , where most of the information comes from a study of documents .

Lacroix and Pirotte ( 1977 ) have proposed an alternative calculus which is named the domain calculus in which the fundamental base is that of a domain variable .
lacroix and pirotte ( 1977 ) have proposed an [other option] calculus which is named the domain calculus in which the fundamental base is that of a domain variable .

An alternative , data structure diagram technique to relate records , is shown in the case study found in Chapter 14 .
an [other option] , data structure diagram technique to relate records , is shown in the case study found in chapter 14 .

There are a number of alternative ways of dealing with many-to-many relationships , all of which lead to either duplication or unnatural restrictions on the model ( that is , the model does not represent the real-world accurately ) .
there are a number of [other option] ways of dealing with many-to-many relationships , all of which lead to either duplication or unnatural restrictions on the model ( that is , the model does not represent the real-world accurately ) .

Unlike alternative modelling approaches , the object model models data , data definitions and processes as objects , the same basic element of the model .
unlike [other option] modelling approaches , the object model models data , data definitions and processes as objects , the same basic element of the model .

Alternative approaches which are also easy to use include a soft copy form presented to the users who ‘ fill in the forms ’ to state their requirements ( see Figure 6.3 ) or icon/mouse systems , which use graphical symbols ( icons ) representing such requirements as filing ( file cabinet ) , deleting ( wastepaper basket ) and so on .
[other option] approaches which are also easy to use include a soft copy form presented to the users who ‘ fill in the forms ’ to state their requirements ( see figure 6.3 ) or icon/mouse systems , which use graphical symbols ( icons ) representing such requirements as filing ( file cabinet ) , deleting ( wastepaper basket ) and so on .

Similarly , the techniques and tools of structured systems analysis can be incorporated into the conventional approach or can be seen as forming part of an alternative methodology for applications development .
similarly , the techniques and tools of structured systems analysis can be incorporated into the conventional approach or can be seen as forming part of an [other option] methodology for applications development .

Structured English , decision trees and decision tables are alternative methods of describing process logic .
structured english , decision trees and decision tables are [other option] methods of describing process logic .

Structured systems analysis and design need not only be seen as an alternative to the conventional approach .
structured systems analysis and design need not only be seen as an [other option] to the conventional approach .

Some regard the techniques as a useful alternative to many techniques of the conventional approach , and which therefore should be incorporated in the conventional approach .
some regard the techniques as a useful [other option] to many techniques of the conventional approach , and which therefore should be incorporated in the conventional approach .

The information centre alternative can speed up the development of applications and maintenance ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .
the information centre [other option] can speed up the development of applications and maintenance ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .

He told the King that he would prefer MacDonald to remain in office in order to carry out the necessary programme of economies ; but that if he failed to carry enough of his colleagues with him , then the best alternative would be for MacDonald to head a National Government containing members of all three parties .
he told the king that he would prefer macdonald to remain in office in order to carry out the necessary programme of economies ; but that if he failed to carry enough of his colleagues with him , then the best [other option] would be for macdonald to head a national government containing members of all three parties .

Montagu 's alternative proposal was that the King should be asked to convene a conference of Asquith , Lloyd George , Bonar Law and Henderson .
montagu 's [other option] proposal was that the king should be asked to convene a conference of asquith , lloyd george , bonar law and henderson .

At all hazards we must avoid the creation of an amalgamated ‘ bourgeois block ’ which leaves the Socialists as the sole alternative .
at all hazards we must avoid the creation of an amalgamated ‘ bourgeois block ’ which leaves the socialists as the sole [other option] .

It had a bright plastic deep-fried atmosphere and menu but the alternative as Maxim had pointed out was a long slow dinner at some hotel where they would have made themselves conspicuous by not , repeat not , ordering a couple of bottles of wine .
it had a bright plastic deep-fried atmosphere and menu but the [other option] as maxim had pointed out was a long slow dinner at some hotel where they would have made themselves conspicuous by not , repeat not , ordering a couple of bottles of wine .

‘ If you think of the only alternative .
‘ if you think of the only [other option] .

But since the alternative is that he 's just a banana-brain who makes things up , he 's got a natural bias towards proving a conspiracy — has n't he ?
but since the [other option] is that he 's just a banana-brain who makes things up , he 's got a natural bias towards proving a conspiracy — has n't he ?

His own trade included the quick memorising of landscape and cityscape and at one corner there was an L-shaped alley that cut off the building on the corner itself giving an alternative route to making a left turn on the streets .
his own trade included the quick memorising of landscape and cityscape and at one corner there was an l-shaped alley that cut off the building on the corner itself giving an [other option] route to making a left turn on the streets .

However , other manufacturers , including the largest , Sir Robert Peel , found an alternative to both men and machinery by relocating their firms where cheap female labour was available to hand paint the cloth or else to print with wooden blocks studded with thousands of pins instead of the engraved blocks cut by the journeymen .
however , other manufacturers , including the largest , sir robert peel , found an [other option] to both men and machinery by relocating their firms where cheap female labour was available to hand paint the cloth or else to print with wooden blocks studded with thousands of pins instead of the engraved blocks cut by the journeymen .

That was not an alternative in eighteenth-century England .
that was not an [other option] in eighteenth-century england .

The peculiar framing of econometric questions and counterfactuals may posit alternative arrangements in which , in theory , growth would have been as good or even better .
the peculiar framing of econometric questions and counterfactuals may posit [other option] arrangements in which , in theory , growth would have been as good or even better .

It rapidly became a conservative fiscal base — an unchanging standby for governments unable to come up with alternative ways of assessing a national wealth that was not only growing but was substantially changing in form .
it rapidly became a conservative fiscal base — an unchanging standby for governments unable to come up with [other option] ways of assessing a national wealth that was not only growing but was substantially changing in form .

God had long been banished in favour of any number of petty little sects , clinging to tattered bits of faith ; they could be tolerated , since they formed no collective alternative to the consumer society on which organized science depended so heavily .
god had long been banished in favour of any number of petty little sects , clinging to tattered bits of faith ; they could be tolerated , since they formed no collective [other option] to the consumer society on which organized science depended so heavily .

As a man of honour he had little alternative but to accompany his friend to America .
as a man of honour he had little [other option] but to accompany his friend to america .

You do n't have to have curtains ; blinds are a good alternative or if the room has a marvellous view you might want to do without any form of window dressing . Lighting , however , you ca n't do without for obvious reasons and also because it adds a great deal of extra interest to a room ( see Lighting is important , page 35 )
you do n't have to have curtains ; blinds are a good [other option] or if the room has a marvellous view you might want to do without any form of window dressing . lighting , however , you ca n't do without for obvious reasons and also because it adds a great deal of extra interest to a room ( see lighting is important , page 35 )

Create interesting striped effects with paint and invent your own striped patterns as an inexpensive alternative to striped wallpaper .
create interesting striped effects with paint and invent your own striped patterns as an inexpensive [other option] to striped wallpaper .

With no alternative , Maggie waited , and as the door closed he turned to her and regarded her coolly .
with no [other option] , maggie waited , and as the door closed he turned to her and regarded her coolly .

Explain and discuss alternative ways of providing these goods or services .
explain and discuss [other option] ways of providing these goods or services .

This is especially true for cursive handwriting where a number of alternative segmentations may be possible for a word .
this is especially true for cursive handwriting where a number of [other option] segmentations may be possible for a word .

The alternative approach uses segmentation methods to recognise the word .
the [other option] approach uses segmentation methods to recognise the word .

For text input some shape recognisers produce a single character candidate for each possible character , whereas others produce a string of alternative character candidates with an associated weight for each alternative for each possible character .
for text input some shape recognisers produce a single character candidate for each possible character , whereas others produce a string of [other option] character candidates with an associated weight for each [other option] for each possible character .

When a shape recogniser is used that produces alternative candidates the application of word structure involves determining which of the possible character combinations form words .
when a shape recogniser is used that produces [other option] candidates the application of word structure involves determining which of the possible character combinations form words .

The alternative approach uses n-gram techniques .
the [other option] approach uses n-gram techniques .

There are many alternative paths available to follow and many of these paths will turn out to be dead ends .
there are many [other option] paths available to follow and many of these paths will turn out to be dead ends .

3.3.1.3 . Alternative Morphological Systems
3.3.1.3 . [other option] morphological systems

Unlike the test sentences above , recognition input can contain many alternative words for each one written .
unlike the test sentences above , recognition input can contain many [other option] words for each one written .

An alternative methodology to rule-based parsing employs probabilistic techniques .
an [other option] methodology to rule-based parsing employs probabilistic techniques .

The difficulties encountered by workers taking the generative approach has led to the search for alternative techniques .
the difficulties encountered by workers taking the generative approach has led to the search for [other option] techniques .

The presence of words that form a compound in consecutive positions other than by intention is improbable , hence from knowing the existence of a compound tennis courts one would give priority to these individual words over their alternative candidates .
the presence of words that form a compound in consecutive positions other than by intention is improbable , hence from knowing the existence of a compound tennis courts one would give priority to these individual words over their [other option] candidates .

An alternative is to build a second tree consisting of the words in the compounds , i.e .
an [other option] is to build a second tree consisting of the words in the compounds , i.e .

One points to an alternative next member of the compound .
one points to an [other option] next member of the compound .

With the 70,498 word lexicon alternative ( incorrect ) words were suggested for 89 of these cases .
with the 70,498 word lexicon [other option] ( incorrect ) words were suggested for 89 of these cases .

There are some generative grammars which resolve this ambiguity by use of a metric that ranks alternative parses ( e.g .
there are some generative grammars which resolve this ambiguity by use of a metric that ranks [other option] parses ( e.g .

She wasted little time in starting to eat , her quick brain turning over alternative scenarios as she debated whether to show herself to the Carlisle Flint team , or disappear quietly to her room .
she wasted little time in starting to eat , her quick brain turning over [other option] scenarios as she debated whether to show herself to the carlisle flint team , or disappear quietly to her room .

She had no alternative but to tell him a series of absolute whoppers , as her younger brother , Rob , would have said .
she had no [other option] but to tell him a series of absolute whoppers , as her younger brother , rob , would have said .

He tucked her arm in his again , so firmly and gently that without actually fighting him off she had no alternative but to walk on by his side .
he tucked her arm in his again , so firmly and gently that without actually fighting him off she had no [other option] but to walk on by his side .

But it is ground which does not appear to be fertile for anything — let alone an attempt to build an alternative to Africa 's elitist and beleaguered educational system .
but it is ground which does not appear to be fertile for anything — let alone an attempt to build an [other option] to africa 's elitist and beleaguered educational system .

For the majority of Fijian citizens who can not emigrate , there seems little alternative in the short term to growing unemployment and hunger .
for the majority of fijian citizens who can not emigrate , there seems little [other option] in the short term to growing unemployment and hunger .

Some of these are explored in the pages to come : computers which siphon even more power from the people who operate them ; a dynamic but degraded city ; a hippie alternative to capitalism which failed because it never really analysed the problem .
some of these are explored in the pages to come : computers which siphon even more power from the people who operate them ; a dynamic but degraded city ; a hippie [other option] to capitalism which failed because it never really analysed the problem .

But most ‘ alternative ’ powders still do , although the bleach is sometimes packaged separately .
but most ‘ [other option] ’ powders still do , although the bleach is sometimes packaged separately .

The subtitle is ‘ Making Feminist Sense of International Politics ’ , which itself should be striking enough to secure it a decent sale in alternative bookshops .
the subtitle is ‘ making feminist sense of international politics ’ , which itself should be striking enough to secure it a decent sale in [other option] bookshops .

‘ As a Third World women 's co-op we fitted into their alternative trading .
‘ as a third world women 's co-op we fitted into their [other option] trading .

‘ We are the alternative for the future of El Salvador ’ reads a banner in Segundo Montes .
‘ we are the [other option] for the future of el salvador ’ reads a banner in segundo montes .

Although alcohol is widely used for motor fuel nobody has yet extensively developed liquid alcohol as an alternative source of cooking fuel .
although alcohol is widely used for motor fuel nobody has yet extensively developed liquid alcohol as an [other option] source of cooking fuel .

Surely , if only 13 of the 100 crossings are unsafe , it is not unreasonable for British Rail at least to propose alternative crossings at some of those points .
surely , if only 13 of the 100 crossings are unsafe , it is not unreasonable for british rail at least to propose [other option] crossings at some of those points .

My priority is to get rid of discrimination and we shall have to find out which of the various possibilities will be the best alternative to that which is now proposed .
my priority is to get rid of discrimination and we shall have to find out which of the various possibilities will be the best [other option] to that which is now proposed .

There is an alternative .
there is an [other option] .

The alternative to participating in a single currency is higher interest rates in this country than within that currency .
the [other option] to participating in a single currency is higher interest rates in this country than within that currency .

The Government 's alternative is to reduce prices in manufacturing from the uncompetitive levels to which they are forced up by the exchange rate , by firing people and depressing the price of labour .
the government 's [other option] is to reduce prices in manufacturing from the uncompetitive levels to which they are forced up by the exchange rate , by firing people and depressing the price of labour .

The Conservatives have not put forward one constructive alternative to the Labour party document .
the conservatives have not put forward one constructive [other option] to the labour party document .

As my right hon. Friend the Member for Birmingham , Sparkbrook ( Mr. Hattersley ) said , some supervised car projects may be an effective alternative to custody ; but do the Government give the probation service the resources that it needs to run such projects ? Why , in Oxford , has it been left so far to the police , the voluntary sector and private sponsorship to try to cobble together a scheme ? As my right hon. Friend asked earlier , when will the Home Office commit resources to that scheme ?
as my right hon. friend the member for birmingham , sparkbrook ( mr. hattersley ) said , some supervised car projects may be an effective [other option] to custody ; but do the government give the probation service the resources that it needs to run such projects ? why , in oxford , has it been left so far to the police , the voluntary sector and private sponsorship to try to cobble together a scheme ? as my right hon. friend asked earlier , when will the home office commit resources to that scheme ?

This is even more depressing when one realises that in various parts of the country there are projects run by the probation service and the voluntary organisations which provide an alternative to custody .
this is even more depressing when one realises that in various parts of the country there are projects run by the probation service and the voluntary organisations which provide an [other option] to custody .

The Opposition believe that we should consider alternatives and the ability of magistrates to say that something must be done with first offenders and that an alternative can work .
the opposition believe that we should consider alternatives and the ability of magistrates to say that something must be done with first offenders and that an [other option] can work .

Instead of a young person being sentenced to a period in custody , which means that it is all too likely that he or she will continue in a life of crime , become a professional criminal and never get out of the criminal world , the alternative makes both moral and economic sense .
instead of a young person being sentenced to a period in custody , which means that it is all too likely that he or she will continue in a life of crime , become a professional criminal and never get out of the criminal world , the [other option] makes both moral and economic sense .

Instead , an alternative route to European co-operation has been opened up .
instead , an [other option] route to european co-operation has been opened up .

For that reason , the Territorial Army does not consider itself in any way a second-class alternative .
for that reason , the territorial army does not consider itself in any way a second-class [other option] .

That means that the technologies of waste minimisation and alternative means of disposal are very important .
that means that the technologies of waste minimisation and [other option] means of disposal are very important .

Member also asked about alternative technology instead of incineration .
member also asked about [other option] technology instead of incineration .

Pyrolysis — the imposition of high temperatures upon material in the absence of oxygen — is often presented as an alternative to incineration .
pyrolysis — the imposition of high temperatures upon material in the absence of oxygen — is often presented as an [other option] to incineration .

The only alternative would be to put in an inferior system , which means that the German aircraft would be less capable than those in the other three air forces .
the only [other option] would be to put in an inferior system , which means that the german aircraft would be less capable than those in the other three air forces .

Gentleman and all his colleagues have constantly reiterated the view that there is no need for a change of policy , that there is no alternative to present policies and that , if re-elected , the Government would pursue the same course .
gentleman and all his colleagues have constantly reiterated the view that there is no need for a change of policy , that there is no [other option] to present policies and that , if re-elected , the government would pursue the same course .

The House ought to be given the opportunity to see another document : the document that sets out Labour 's programme , and presents the alternative that Labour Members are well able to encapsulate in amendments to motions but always fight shy of actually producing .
the house ought to be given the opportunity to see another document : the document that sets out labour 's programme , and presents the [other option] that labour members are well able to encapsulate in amendments to motions but always fight shy of actually producing .

Let me say this to Labour Members : if for one moment they feel uneasy about the document , let us have the alternative that they have tabled ; let us know where we stand .
let me say this to labour members : if for one moment they feel uneasy about the document , let us have the [other option] that they have tabled ; let us know where we stand .

Member for Chesterfield and 24 other Members of Parliament have put their names to a return to the alternative economic strategy — a return , once again , to the longest suicide note in history .
member for chesterfield and 24 other members of parliament have put their names to a return to the [other option] economic strategy — a return , once again , to the longest suicide note in history .

What is the Opposition 's alternative to the autumn statement ?
what is the opposition 's [other option] to the autumn statement ?

Indeed , one of the benefits or desirable aspects of the health service is that different clinicians and managers can try out different alternative approaches .
indeed , one of the benefits or desirable aspects of the health service is that different clinicians and managers can try out different [other option] approaches .

We do not know whether the process would have reached its conclusion if Mr. Thorpe had not had the alternative course open to him .
we do not know whether the process would have reached its conclusion if mr. thorpe had not had the [other option] course open to him .

Some employers ' organisations have put forward alternative suggestions .
some employers ' organisations have put forward [other option] suggestions .

None of us believes that a real alternative to King 's Cross exists , although we are not particularly happy about British Rail 's proposals .
none of us believes that a real [other option] to king 's cross exists , although we are not particularly happy about british rail 's proposals .

That is a major anomaly which the British Parliament has accepted because it has no alternative .
that is a major anomaly which the british parliament has accepted because it has no [other option] .

North sea operators are given dispensations , not only when there are equivalent or higher alternative arrangements in place but in some cases when it is well known to the authorities that the platforms are operating at a level that would not be allowed if they were completely new platforms .
north sea operators are given dispensations , not only when there are equivalent or higher [other option] arrangements in place but in some cases when it is well known to the authorities that the platforms are operating at a level that would not be allowed if they were completely new platforms .

One is the preferred alternative for Scotland and Wales : the status quo .
one is the preferred [other option] for scotland and wales : the status quo .

The other alternative for Scotland is independence .
the other [other option] for scotland is independence .

The health authority has recognised that and has sought an alternative and more convenient landing pad .
the health authority has recognised that and has sought an [other option] and more convenient landing pad .

My hon. Friend is right to say that the local income tax is not an alternative to council tax which commends itself to Conservative Members — or even to most Opposition Members , and he is right to say that anybody interested in knowing why local income tax will not work could do no better than to read the report of our proceedings in Committee .
my hon. friend is right to say that the local income tax is not an [other option] to council tax which commends itself to conservative members — or even to most opposition members , and he is right to say that anybody interested in knowing why local income tax will not work could do no better than to read the report of our proceedings in committee .

Does the Secretary of State agree with Duncan McNeill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an alternative to operating and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? Does he realise that for patients throughout Scotland , including those in the Edinburgh royal infirmary and the Royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?
does the secretary of state agree with duncan mcneill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an [other option] to operating and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? does he realise that for patients throughout scotland , including those in the edinburgh royal infirmary and the royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?

Gentleman realise that our competitors in Europe and elsewhere will ensure that whatever happens to future orders their defence industries will be compensated by alternative diversification ?
gentleman realise that our competitors in europe and elsewhere will ensure that whatever happens to future orders their defence industries will be compensated by [other option] diversification ?

He will also be aware that arrangements are in place for the liquidators to aid banks in their assessment of applications made by small businesses and personal customers for alternative facilities .
he will also be aware that arrangements are in place for the liquidators to aid banks in their assessment of applications made by small businesses and personal customers for [other option] facilities .

We must consider that when we look at an alternative structure for the present arrangements for meat hygiene inspection .
we must consider that when we look at an [other option] structure for the present arrangements for meat hygiene inspection .

Is my hon. Friend aware that in my constituency the majority of people infinitely prefer the council tax to Labour 's alternative — the so-called fair rates , which are nothing but a return to the dreaded rating system that we had before , and which was especially hated in the south of England ?
is my hon. friend aware that in my constituency the majority of people infinitely prefer the council tax to labour 's [other option] — the so-called fair rates , which are nothing but a return to the dreaded rating system that we had before , and which was especially hated in the south of england ?

Would it not be a national tragedy if that were all to be thrown away by any alternative team of Ministers , who were wrong about every international defence issue in the 1980s and who carry no conviction in the 1990s ?
would it not be a national tragedy if that were all to be thrown away by any [other option] team of ministers , who were wrong about every international defence issue in the 1980s and who carry no conviction in the 1990s ?

The Government propose to Brussels that the same upper limits be set on dosages of dietary supplements for ordinary consumers buying off the shelves as for professional practitioners of alternative medicine , even though such practitioners may have good reasons for recommending higher doses to their patients .
the government propose to brussels that the same upper limits be set on dosages of dietary supplements for ordinary consumers buying off the shelves as for professional practitioners of [other option] medicine , even though such practitioners may have good reasons for recommending higher doses to their patients .

Will the Secretary of State tell the House what proportion of his Department 's projected minimum increase of 80 per cent . in road traffic will be absorbed by this latest pre-election bribe ? Will he also tell us why he has refused to adopt the alternative package approach , involving a mixture of public transport and road schemes , that has been advocated by local authorities in the west midlands ?
will the secretary of state tell the house what proportion of his department 's projected minimum increase of 80 per cent . in road traffic will be absorbed by this latest pre-election bribe ? will he also tell us why he has refused to adopt the [other option] package approach , involving a mixture of public transport and road schemes , that has been advocated by local authorities in the west midlands ?

The alternative is to tolerate waste ; to see taxpayers ' money go off hospital sites in skips .
the [other option] is to tolerate waste ; to see taxpayers ' money go off hospital sites in skips .

The system that we are being offered as an alternative is unclear ; it is nonsense ; and it will not work .
the system that we are being offered as an [other option] is unclear ; it is nonsense ; and it will not work .

Everyone who lives in Lancashire will be very glad that the council tax will retain capping , which Labour 's alternative would not .
everyone who lives in lancashire will be very glad that the council tax will retain capping , which labour 's [other option] would not .

My party has consistently argued that the real alternative for funding local authorities is a local income tax .
my party has consistently argued that the real [other option] for funding local authorities is a local income tax .

Friends will remember the reception that was given to Labour 's alternative to the poll tax .
friends will remember the reception that was given to labour 's [other option] to the poll tax .

Faced with four alternative approaches to valuation — whether it should be based on capital values , rental values , maintenance costs or rebuilding costs — its choice was not to go for one of them , or even a mixture of two of them , but to go for all four of them .
faced with four [other option] approaches to valuation — whether it should be based on capital values , rental values , maintenance costs or rebuilding costs — its choice was not to go for one of them , or even a mixture of two of them , but to go for all four of them .

Labour wants to hide behind it , to disguise the incompetence and extravagance of Labour authorities and their lack of an alternative .
labour wants to hide behind it , to disguise the incompetence and extravagance of labour authorities and their lack of an [other option] .

Competition works if one can buy an alternative product at a better price from somebody else .
competition works if one can buy an [other option] product at a better price from somebody else .

This procedure is fine as far as it goes , but it precludes the consideration of alternative schemes which may be more cost-effective and can not , by definition , provide a public forum in which the cost and benefit figures can be challenged .
this procedure is fine as far as it goes , but it precludes the consideration of [other option] schemes which may be more cost-effective and can not , by definition , provide a public forum in which the cost and benefit figures can be challenged .

He says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the Thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .
he says that there is an [other option] to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .

The alternative route was chosen on three criteria : that it should be environmentally acceptable , operationally effective and financially viable .
the [other option] route was chosen on three criteria : that it should be environmentally acceptable , operationally effective and financially viable .

The alternative route proposed by Ove Arup , which the Secretary of State has sensibly accepted , was acknowledged in all its aspects to be environmentally acceptable .
the [other option] route proposed by ove arup , which the secretary of state has sensibly accepted , was acknowledged in all its aspects to be environmentally acceptable .

It offers an opportunity to improve the environment of the United Kingdom generally , by taking traffic off the roads and by diverting some of the airline traffic which causes such congestion because the link will probably provide an equally fast alternative route to the continent .
it offers an opportunity to improve the environment of the united kingdom generally , by taking traffic off the roads and by diverting some of the airline traffic which causes such congestion because the link will probably provide an equally fast [other option] route to the continent .

The real tragedy is that there is an alternative which , unlike the poll tax or any property tax , has been tried and tested in many countries in Europe and in America .
the real tragedy is that there is an [other option] which , unlike the poll tax or any property tax , has been tried and tested in many countries in europe and in america .

We have supported that alternative — a local income tax — since our submission to the Layfield inquiry into local government finance in 1976 .
we have supported that [other option] — a local income tax — since our submission to the layfield inquiry into local government finance in 1976 .

For the elderly , and especially for students , it is a better deal than was offered by any previous alternative system of local government finance , and it is much fairer and is a better deal than what would be imposed by the Labour party .
for the elderly , and especially for students , it is a better deal than was offered by any previous [other option] system of local government finance , and it is much fairer and is a better deal than what would be imposed by the labour party .

The same applies to much else that languishes in this tax as an alternative to the ill-fated poll tax .
the same applies to much else that languishes in this tax as an [other option] to the ill-fated poll tax .

That is because there are alternative sources of financial support — provided from public funds — available to them .
that is because there are [other option] sources of financial support — provided from public funds — available to them .

He said that the alternative to his policy was the open door .
he said that the [other option] to his policy was the open door .

Therefore , we intend to repeal the Act when alternative regulations governing working times are in place .
therefore , we intend to repeal the act when [other option] regulations governing working times are in place .

First , Europe 's defence needs are already satisfactorily met by the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , which is inherently more effective than any alternative because it includes the transatlantic nations .
first , europe 's defence needs are already satisfactorily met by the north atlantic treaty organisation , which is inherently more effective than any [other option] because it includes the transatlantic nations .

This was subsequently withdrawn in order to incorporate provisions enabling the construction of alternative feeding grounds for birds displaced once the barrage was constructed .
this was subsequently withdrawn in order to incorporate provisions enabling the construction of [other option] feeding grounds for birds displaced once the barrage was constructed .

The tidal lagoon would provide alternative feeding grounds for birds displaced from the bay by the impounded lake .
the tidal lagoon would provide [other option] feeding grounds for birds displaced from the bay by the impounded lake .

British Rail had no knowledge that the company would produce an alternative scheme for an international terminal above ground .
british rail had no knowledge that the company would produce an [other option] scheme for an international terminal above ground .

Therefore , in the light of those consequences , it behoves the House to assure itself that there is no conceivable alternative to the British Rail proposals and that they will achieve the aim that we all want — the ability of channel tunnel traffic to serve the whole country , not just London .
therefore , in the light of those consequences , it behoves the house to assure itself that there is no conceivable [other option] to the british rail proposals and that they will achieve the aim that we all want — the ability of channel tunnel traffic to serve the whole country , not just london .

In addition to all those new factors , several alternative proposals — including some involving King 's Cross — have emerged .
in addition to all those new factors , several [other option] proposals — including some involving king 's cross — have emerged .

The best alternative is the King 's Cross terminal .
the best [other option] is the king 's cross terminal .

She could well imagine for herself what alternative occupations Fen had in mind .
she could well imagine for herself what [other option] occupations fen had in mind .

Quite apart from the doctrine of estoppel , there may be another alternative basis on which the owner may be precluded from denying the seller 's authority to sell — namely where the owner has signed a document clearly conveying the implication that the seller is entitled or authorised to sell the goods .
quite apart from the doctrine of estoppel , there may be another [other option] basis on which the owner may be precluded from denying the seller 's authority to sell — namely where the owner has signed a document clearly conveying the implication that the seller is entitled or authorised to sell the goods .

Alternative transport systems , framed environmental constraints .
[other option] transport systems , framed environmental constraints .

Roads Programme — Alternative
roads programme — [other option]

The full title was ‘ The National Roads Programme : Alternative Assessment ’ .
the full title was ‘ the national roads programme : [other option] assessment ’ .

( Chapter 3 ) provide a succinct radical critique of markets together with advocating socialist planning as an alternative .
( chapter 3 ) provide a succinct radical critique of markets together with advocating socialist planning as an [other option] .

Austrians are highly critical of neo-classical theory for its static treatment of markets and its assumption of perfect information ; these assume away the very factors that explain how markets work and why market coordination is more efficient than the alternative of regulation and planning .
austrians are highly critical of neo-classical theory for its static treatment of markets and its assumption of perfect information ; these assume away the very factors that explain how markets work and why market coordination is more efficient than the [other option] of regulation and planning .

The internal market is also used in the private sector as an alternative to hierarchy as a mode of internal coordination within the firm .
the internal market is also used in the private sector as an [other option] to hierarchy as a mode of internal coordination within the firm .

X-inefficiency can be even more of a problem in organizations producing non-marketed goods , like health and education , where it is extremely difficult to measure efficiency and where alternative sources of supply are not readily available , except to the affluent .
x-inefficiency can be even more of a problem in organizations producing non-marketed goods , like health and education , where it is extremely difficult to measure efficiency and where [other option] sources of supply are not readily available , except to the affluent .

Put this way , the socialist alternative is to be understood as the antithesis of capitalism , but such an understanding is hardly prescriptive of a specific form of social and economic organization .
put this way , the socialist [other option] is to be understood as the antithesis of capitalism , but such an understanding is hardly prescriptive of a specific form of social and economic organization .

As both those particular models of socialism have lost credibility , a debate has opened on the possibility of an alternative definition of the socialist goal — one that occupies a space somewhere between regulated capitalism and centrally planned state socialism , and one that finds a new balance of the strengths and weaknesses of planning and the market .
as both those particular models of socialism have lost credibility , a debate has opened on the possibility of an [other option] definition of the socialist goal — one that occupies a space somewhere between regulated capitalism and centrally planned state socialism , and one that finds a new balance of the strengths and weaknesses of planning and the market .

These difficulties reinforce the view of many non-socialists that there is no alternative to purely market forms of economic allocation in a complex society .
these difficulties reinforce the view of many non-socialists that there is no [other option] to purely market forms of economic allocation in a complex society .

As we will discover , this difference in the conceptions of the task and purpose of price theory has far-reaching implications for the methods and the substantive content of the alternative approaches .
as we will discover , this difference in the conceptions of the task and purpose of price theory has far-reaching implications for the methods and the substantive content of the [other option] approaches .

And as the market process unfolds , with one period of market ignorance followed by another in which ignorance has been somewhat reduced , each buyer or seller revises his bids and offers in the light of his newly acquired knowledge of the alternative opportunities which those to whom he may wish to sell , or from whom he may wish to buy , can expect to find available elsewhere in the market .
and as the market process unfolds , with one period of market ignorance followed by another in which ignorance has been somewhat reduced , each buyer or seller revises his bids and offers in the light of his newly acquired knowledge of the [other option] opportunities which those to whom he may wish to sell , or from whom he may wish to buy , can expect to find available elsewhere in the market .

Markets and internal organization are two alternative types of ‘ governance structure ’ analysed by Williamson .
markets and internal organization are two [other option] types of ‘ governance structure ’ analysed by williamson .

If this small group tried to draw up a new market contract , bargaining would be protracted because of the known absence of alternative partners .
if this small group tried to draw up a new market contract , bargaining would be protracted because of the known absence of [other option] partners .

In assessing the relative efficiency of alternative forms of hierarchy , the extent to which they economize on bounded rationality and control opportunism is of some importance .
in assessing the relative efficiency of [other option] forms of hierarchy , the extent to which they economize on bounded rationality and control opportunism is of some importance .

Marglin ( 1975 ) 'argues that the development of the factory system was not in the interest of workers who , being left with no alternative but the freedom to starve , were forced to comply .
marglin ( 1975 ) 'argues that the development of the factory system was not in the interest of workers who , being left with no [other option] but the freedom to starve , were forced to comply .

But the theorists ' belief that our changing world requires an alternative to hierarchical organization is simply wrong , and all their proposals are based on an inadequate understanding of not only hierarchy but also human nature .
but the theorists ' belief that our changing world requires an [other option] to hierarchical organization is simply wrong , and all their proposals are based on an inadequate understanding of not only hierarchy but also human nature .

The problem is not to find an alternative to a system that once worked well but no longer does ; the problem is to make it work efficiently for the first time in its 3,000-year history .
the problem is not to find an [other option] to a system that once worked well but no longer does ; the problem is to make it work efficiently for the first time in its 3,000-year history .

However , for smaller data sets an alternative approach is possible and we can look directly at relationships between individuals .
however , for smaller data sets an [other option] approach is possible and we can look directly at relationships between individuals .

3 . Methods for utilizing alternative model specifications
3 . methods for utilizing [other option] model specifications

Smoothing methods are currently adopted here , and these are being assessed , prior to ( possibly ) recommending alternative approaches .
smoothing methods are currently adopted here , and these are being assessed , prior to ( possibly ) recommending [other option] approaches .

Generally , the stronger the assumptions upon which the analysis is founded , the more reliable the conclusions reached , if the assumptions are reasonable . Sometimes they are unreasonable , perhaps being arbitrary or made for convenience 's sake ; if so , to what extent are conclusions invalidated , and can one proceed in an alternative fashion based on only weak knowledge ?
generally , the stronger the assumptions upon which the analysis is founded , the more reliable the conclusions reached , if the assumptions are reasonable . sometimes they are unreasonable , perhaps being arbitrary or made for convenience 's sake ; if so , to what extent are conclusions invalidated , and can one proceed in an [other option] fashion based on only weak knowledge ?

to increase substantially the quality and range of experimental tools and to use them with larger samples of participants to provide more powerful tests and more direct evidence about alternative models of economic decision-making ;
to increase substantially the quality and range of experimental tools and to use them with larger samples of participants to provide more powerful tests and more direct evidence about [other option] models of economic decision-making ;

Psychological research on human thinking suggests two alternative views of the machinery of the mind ; one is that the mental representations and cognitive processes are abstract , language-like forms manipulated by rules , and an alternative is that they are mental models whose structure corresponds not to language but to states of affairs in the world .
psychological research on human thinking suggests two [other option] views of the machinery of the mind ; one is that the mental representations and cognitive processes are abstract , language-like forms manipulated by rules , and an [other option] is that they are mental models whose structure corresponds not to language but to states of affairs in the world .

In the real world people frequently have to chose an alternative in a situation where rewards and penalties for right and wrong decisions must be considered .
in the real world people frequently have to chose an [other option] in a situation where rewards and penalties for right and wrong decisions must be considered .

An alternative is a blowtorch connected by a hose to a cylinder of gas .
an [other option] is a blowtorch connected by a hose to a cylinder of gas .

Where electric heating is the only source of hot water , an alternative to a hot water cylinder is an electric water heater , wall-mounted or fitted in a cupboard .
where electric heating is the only source of hot water , an [other option] to a hot water cylinder is an electric water heater , wall-mounted or fitted in a cupboard .

An alternative method is to attach an electric drill water pump attachment to the tap .
an [other option] method is to attach an electric drill water pump attachment to the tap .

But , though Gloucester refused the crown , he did attend a meeting of the barons in Normandy to discuss an alternative to himself .
but , though gloucester refused the crown , he did attend a meeting of the barons in normandy to discuss an [other option] to himself .

But the alternative of returning to the hall , and traversing its crowded sixty-foot length to gain the opposite staircase leading to the upper storey , where she shared a tiny chamber with Adele and two of Matilda 's ladies , was just as unappealing .
but the [other option] of returning to the hall , and traversing its crowded sixty-foot length to gain the opposite staircase leading to the upper storey , where she shared a tiny chamber with adele and two of matilda 's ladies , was just as unappealing .

What was the alternative ?
what was the [other option] ?

But that left only one alternative — that fitzAlan was beginning to trust her .
but that left only one [other option] — that fitzalan was beginning to trust her .

‘ An interesting alternative to hanging , my lady , ’ he called back .
‘ an interesting [other option] to hanging , my lady , ’ he called back .

There was no alternative to surrender , and she knew it .
there was no [other option] to surrender , and she knew it .

There is an alternative method for the design of subject retrieval devices , and that is to build languages or schemes which depend upon some theoretical views about the nature and structure of knowledge .
there is an [other option] method for the design of subject retrieval devices , and that is to build languages or schemes which depend upon some theoretical views about the nature and structure of knowledge .

This definition does not exclude the names of persons , bodies , chemicals , trade names and so on , but since we are concerned primarily with the subject approach , this list as discussed in the next few sections will concentrate on terms which describe subjects . An alternative definition of an indexing language is :
this definition does not exclude the names of persons , bodies , chemicals , trade names and so on , but since we are concerned primarily with the subject approach , this list as discussed in the next few sections will concentrate on terms which describe subjects . an [other option] definition of an indexing language is :

The alternative — faceted classification -requires only the listing of simple one-concept subjects ( from which notation for compound subjects can be constructed as necessary ) and permits much more succinct schedules .
the [other option] — faceted classification -requires only the listing of simple one-concept subjects ( from which notation for compound subjects can be constructed as necessary ) and permits much more succinct schedules .

they do not cater for the specialist viewpoints of any given application , since alternative approaches are not normally provided ;
they do not cater for the specialist viewpoints of any given application , since [other option] approaches are not normally provided ;

This is normally effected by references and other devices indicating relationships in thesauri and subject heading lists , as well as alternative entries .
this is normally effected by references and other devices indicating relationships in thesauri and subject heading lists , as well as [other option] entries .

assistance in considering alternative headings , ( for example , see also Agriculture — Societies ; Farm Life ; and so on ) ;
assistance in considering [other option] headings , ( for example , see also agriculture — societies ; farm life ; and so on ) ;

Special thesaurus software has a number of advantages over the alternative , which is usually the use of a database package or a word processing package to store terms .
special thesaurus software has a number of advantages over the [other option] , which is usually the use of a database package or a word processing package to store terms .

The outcome may thus be seen as a situation in which there is considerable trade-union militancy with respect to wages , hours of work and related issues , but relatively little expression of class consciousness in the broader sense of any profound awareness or conviction of living in a society the nature of which is predominantly determined by class relations , and of being engaged in a continuing struggle to establish an alternative form of society .
the outcome may thus be seen as a situation in which there is considerable trade-union militancy with respect to wages , hours of work and related issues , but relatively little expression of class consciousness in the broader sense of any profound awareness or conviction of living in a society the nature of which is predominantly determined by class relations , and of being engaged in a continuing struggle to establish an [other option] form of society .

What Schumpeter ( 1942 ) called the ‘ march into socialism ’ seems to have slackened its pace ; and socialism , which appeared in the nineteenth century as the ideal image of an alternative society , providing an indispensable unifying element in working-class consciousness , has become in the late twentieth century a more problematic reality ( Stojanovic , 1973 ; Kolakowski and Hampshire , 1974 ; Parekh , 1975 ) .
what schumpeter ( 1942 ) called the ‘ march into socialism ’ seems to have slackened its pace ; and socialism , which appeared in the nineteenth century as the ideal image of an [other option] society , providing an indispensable unifying element in working-class consciousness , has become in the late twentieth century a more problematic reality ( stojanovic , 1973 ; kolakowski and hampshire , 1974 ; parekh , 1975 ) .

The doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of attaining them , and outline alternative forms of society .
the doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of attaining them , and outline [other option] forms of society .

In the Grundrisse manuscript of 1857–8 , Marx discussed social development in greater detail , on the basis of a wider historical knowledge which is no longer confined to Europe ; it is in this work that the concept of ‘ Asiatic society ’ is introduced , and as Hobsbawm ( 1964 , p. 32 ) remarked there now seem to be three or four alternative routes out of the primitive communal system : the oriental , the ancient , the Germanic ( or more broadly , feudal ) , and less clearly articulated , the Slavonic .
in the grundrisse manuscript of 1857–8 , marx discussed social development in greater detail , on the basis of a wider historical knowledge which is no longer confined to europe ; it is in this work that the concept of ‘ asiatic society ’ is introduced , and as hobsbawm ( 1964 , p. 32 ) remarked there now seem to be three or four [other option] routes out of the primitive communal system : the oriental , the ancient , the germanic ( or more broadly , feudal ) , and less clearly articulated , the slavonic .

In these recent studies the idea of a unilinear development of society has been largely abandoned , even as representing the view of Marx himself , and it is argued instead that there are alternative form of society which have succeeded the primitive communal system .
in these recent studies the idea of a unilinear development of society has been largely abandoned , even as representing the view of marx himself , and it is argued instead that there are [other option] form of society which have succeeded the primitive communal system .

The alternative view is that the state comes into being and is maintained as an instrument of domination , as a result either of the internal differentiation of society into dominant and subordinate classes ( according to the Marxist theory ) , or of the imposition of the rule of one group of people upon another by conquest ( as Oppenheimer argued ) .
the [other option] view is that the state comes into being and is maintained as an instrument of domination , as a result either of the internal differentiation of society into dominant and subordinate classes ( according to the marxist theory ) , or of the imposition of the rule of one group of people upon another by conquest ( as oppenheimer argued ) .

An alternative theory , still concerned with major transitions in relation to economic changes , is that which conceives the turning-point in social life as being the emergence and development of industrial society , in which the growth of modern science and technology plays a crucial role ( Aron , 1967 ) ; and a further extension of the theory , in more recent discussions of ‘ post-industrial ’ society , affirms even more strongly the overwhelming importance in the economy and society of the production of theoretical knowledge .
an [other option] theory , still concerned with major transitions in relation to economic changes , is that which conceives the turning-point in social life as being the emergence and development of industrial society , in which the growth of modern science and technology plays a crucial role ( aron , 1967 ) ; and a further extension of the theory , in more recent discussions of ‘ post-industrial ’ society , affirms even more strongly the overwhelming importance in the economy and society of the production of theoretical knowledge .

They might be faced with tribal , linguistic or religious divisions , which provide bases for alternative centres of power ; their country might be poor or rich in natural resources ; its geo-political situation vis-a-vis other nations favourable or unfavourable ; the differences between classes , and the intensity of class conflict , more or less substantial .
they might be faced with tribal , linguistic or religious divisions , which provide bases for [other option] centres of power ; their country might be poor or rich in natural resources ; its geo-political situation vis-a-vis other nations favourable or unfavourable ; the differences between classes , and the intensity of class conflict , more or less substantial .

’ Only late in his life did he undertake an analysis of the economic basis of imperialism , and even then he brought together a number of particular observations rather than formulating a specific alternative to the Marxist theory , such as Schumpeter produced at about the same time .
’ only late in his life did he undertake an analysis of the economic basis of imperialism , and even then he brought together a number of particular observations rather than formulating a specific [other option] to the marxist theory , such as schumpeter produced at about the same time .

What is then proposed as an alternative to this conception is a recognition of the existence of conflicting interest groups , some of which have a much greater capacity to pursue their interests successfully , and of the need for widespread political debate about the allocation of social resources and benefits among these groups , or in a broad sense , about justice and the meaning of a ‘ good society ’ .
what is then proposed as an [other option] to this conception is a recognition of the existence of conflicting interest groups , some of which have a much greater capacity to pursue their interests successfully , and of the need for widespread political debate about the allocation of social resources and benefits among these groups , or in a broad sense , about justice and the meaning of a ‘ good society ’ .

From this overwhelming fact — signalled , be it remembered , most dramatically by Marx — have sprung a great number of the achievements , problems and conflicts of the late twentieth century : economic growth and the attainment of generally high standards of living , sustained partly by extensive welfare services , in the industrial countries ; the rapid growth of world population , due in part to vastly improved medical services ; changes in the structure of capitalism towards a more ‘ organized ’ form , and in the class system ; revisions of the socialist alternative , to some extent as a result of the relative success of ‘ welfare capitalism ’ ; the North-South divide ; the impact of population growth and industrialization on the environment ; and the shifting balance of economic power in the world .
from this overwhelming fact — signalled , be it remembered , most dramatically by marx — have sprung a great number of the achievements , problems and conflicts of the late twentieth century : economic growth and the attainment of generally high standards of living , sustained partly by extensive welfare services , in the industrial countries ; the rapid growth of world population , due in part to vastly improved medical services ; changes in the structure of capitalism towards a more ‘ organized ’ form , and in the class system ; revisions of the socialist [other option] , to some extent as a result of the relative success of ‘ welfare capitalism ’ ; the north-south divide ; the impact of population growth and industrialization on the environment ; and the shifting balance of economic power in the world .

When the political dictatorships had been overthrown several alternative courses of action were open to the successor regimes .
when the political dictatorships had been overthrown several [other option] courses of action were open to the successor regimes .

‘ Well , of course , Charles . What 's the alternative ? ’
‘ well , of course , charles . what 's the [other option] ? ’

Through the haze of Bell 's which had been the weekend , it had become clear that he had little alternative .
through the haze of bell 's which had been the weekend , it had become clear that he had little [other option] .

‘ Did he offer you any alternative ? ’
‘ did he offer you any [other option] ? ’

‘ Do you have any alternative to suggest ? ’ asked the producer , careless now of listening ears .
‘ do you have any [other option] to suggest ? ’ asked the producer , careless now of listening ears .

There 's no alternative .
there 's no [other option] .

Like everyone else , he recognised that there was no alternative .
like everyone else , he recognised that there was no [other option] .

At that point all theories of alternative murderers fell apart .
at that point all theories of [other option] murderers fell apart .

Thirty-two years of professional conditioning left him no alternative .
thirty-two years of professional conditioning left him no [other option] .

There would be times for tenderness , and one such time came later , in the aftermath of passion enriched by the knowledge of love , a bonus as they lay touching each other languidly and lovingly , luxuriating in the freedom of being able to express their feelings in this alternative way , confidently but without urgency .
there would be times for tenderness , and one such time came later , in the aftermath of passion enriched by the knowledge of love , a bonus as they lay touching each other languidly and lovingly , luxuriating in the freedom of being able to express their feelings in this [other option] way , confidently but without urgency .

It follows that the alternative models presented in this Lecture should not necessarily be regarded either as fully satisfactory or as exhausting those that could be advanced .
it follows that the [other option] models presented in this lecture should not necessarily be regarded either as fully satisfactory or as exhausting those that could be advanced .

This might well be modified if we made alternative , and possibly more realistic , assumptions .
this might well be modified if we made [other option] , and possibly more realistic , assumptions .

We then turn to a model where the motives for capital accumulation are set explicitly in terms of the life-cycle savings theory treated in Lecture 3 , and compare it with alternative approaches ( Section 8–4 ) .
we then turn to a model where the motives for capital accumulation are set explicitly in terms of the life-cycle savings theory treated in lecture 3 , and compare it with [other option] approaches ( section 8–4 ) .

An alternative notion of incidence to use in this context is therefore what we call balanced growth path incidence , where the rate of interest is kept constant by debt policy .
an [other option] notion of incidence to use in this context is therefore what we call balanced growth path incidence , where the rate of interest is kept constant by debt policy .

Money or government bonds provide alternative stores of value , a means by which individuals can hold their savings .
money or government bonds provide [other option] stores of value , a means by which individuals can hold their savings .

The life-cycle model provides a convenient vehicle to discuss the alternative notion of the ‘ burden ’ of the debt being the reduction in lifetime utility .
the life-cycle model provides a convenient vehicle to discuss the [other option] notion of the ‘ burden ’ of the debt being the reduction in lifetime utility .

This alternative version is referred to below as a lifetime consumption base .
this [other option] version is referred to below as a lifetime consumption base .

We also consider an ‘ alternative model ’ where there is primogeniture ( and again fixed family size ) ; this is discussed later .
we also consider an ‘ [other option] model ’ where there is primogeniture ( and again fixed family size ) ; this is discussed later .

An Alternative Model
an [other option] model

In view of this , we present an alternative model where there is inequality in the equilibrium distribution resulting from the inheritance process .
in view of this , we present an [other option] model where there is inequality in the equilibrium distribution resulting from the inheritance process .

The main feature of this alternative model is that in equilibrium inequalities may be observed even though there are no differences in wages and no random influences on income .
the main feature of this [other option] model is that in equilibrium inequalities may be observed even though there are no differences in wages and no random influences on income .

In contrast , in the alternative model there is an equilibrium with inequality arising not from such differences but from the practice of primogeniture .
in contrast , in the [other option] model there is an equilibrium with inequality arising not from such differences but from the practice of primogeniture .

Taxation in the Alternative Model
taxation in the [other option] model

By way of contrast , we now consider the effects of taxation in the alternative model , where inheritance , and the unequal division of estates , leads to concentration of wealth .
by way of contrast , we now consider the effects of taxation in the [other option] model , where inheritance , and the unequal division of estates , leads to concentration of wealth .

Exercise 9–6 Examine the effect of the redistributive estate tax on the equilibrium distribution of wealth in the alternative model , and on the coefficient of variation of lifetime consumption .
exercise 9–6 examine the effect of the redistributive estate tax on the equilibrium distribution of wealth in the [other option] model , and on the coefficient of variation of lifetime consumption .

It is however important to assess the possible magnitude of the different factors and the sensitivity of the results to alternative assumptions ( e.g .
it is however important to assess the possible magnitude of the different factors and the sensitivity of the results to [other option] assumptions ( e.g .

This is not entirely fair , since the hypothetical alternative state may provide a useful reference point — as in the theoretical discussion .
this is not entirely fair , since the hypothetical [other option] state may provide a useful reference point — as in the theoretical discussion .

First , we can investigate empirically the consequences of alternative assumptions about incidence , and this has been a feature of the work of Musgrave et al .
first , we can investigate empirically the consequences of [other option] assumptions about incidence , and this has been a feature of the work of musgrave et al .

Alternative incidence assumptions appear , on this basis , to be most crucial at the top and the bottom of the income scale .
[other option] incidence assumptions appear , on this basis , to be most crucial at the top and the bottom of the income scale .

Indeed , almost any investigation is likely to lead to results conditional on a range of alternative assumptions .
indeed , almost any investigation is likely to lead to results conditional on a range of [other option] assumptions .

Thus , we may use the models discussed in previous sections to evaluate the possible consequences of alternative assumptions and to suggest different approaches .
thus , we may use the models discussed in previous sections to evaluate the possible consequences of [other option] assumptions and to suggest different approaches .

To illustrate this , we modify the model and suppose that the public good is an alternative to a private good .
to illustrate this , we modify the model and suppose that the public good is an [other option] to a private good .

It is the very considerable achievement of Arrow ( 1951 ) to have shown that under fairly weak conditions no such alternative political mechanism exists .
it is the very considerable achievement of arrow ( 1951 ) to have shown that under fairly weak conditions no such [other option] political mechanism exists .

These issues have been extensively discussed by Downs , who identifies several key steps in a ‘ rational ’ voting process , including gathering information relevant to each issue , forming factual conclusions about alternative policies , appraising the consequences in the light of voters ' goals , and aggregating over issues into a net evaluation of each party .
these issues have been extensively discussed by downs , who identifies several key steps in a ‘ rational ’ voting process , including gathering information relevant to each issue , forming factual conclusions about [other option] policies , appraising the consequences in the light of voters ' goals , and aggregating over issues into a net evaluation of each party .

Then he may still not vote for his preferred alternative if there are positive net costs to voting .
then he may still not vote for his preferred [other option] if there are positive net costs to voting .

First , it means that , viewing citizens as customers , they do not usually have a choice of alternative suppliers .
first , it means that , viewing citizens as customers , they do not usually have a choice of [other option] suppliers .

Finally , if agencies are able to ‘ control the agenda ’ by offering only one expenditure programme as an alternative to the ‘ reversion level ’ if the plan is not accepted , then variations in the reversion level may have a perverse effect on spending .
finally , if agencies are able to ‘ control the agenda ’ by offering only one expenditure programme as an [other option] to the ‘ reversion level ’ if the plan is not accepted , then variations in the reversion level may have a perverse effect on spending .

‘ Besides , ’ he added softly , ‘ if you think about it sensibly , you really have no alternative .
‘ besides , ’ he added softly , ‘ if you think about it sensibly , you really have no [other option] .

The second is that there is no alternative to proceeding with its ratification .
the second is that there is no [other option] to proceeding with its ratification .

While there are many who fear that the arrival of new members will ‘ dilute ’ the Political centralism of the Community , there is an equally strong alternative view .
while there are many who fear that the arrival of new members will ‘ dilute ’ the political centralism of the community , there is an equally strong [other option] view .

Assume next an alternative model of consumption : where the 's are coefficients .
assume next an [other option] model of consumption : where the 's are coefficients .

In our example the behaviour of consumption should show an observable change as a result of the regime break , whereas under the alternative model it should not .
in our example the behaviour of consumption should show an observable change as a result of the regime break , whereas under the [other option] model it should not .

An alternative way of dealing with the problem of observational equivalence is to impose a priori what are called exclusion restrictions .
an [other option] way of dealing with the problem of observational equivalence is to impose a priori what are called exclusion restrictions .

In this chapter we have considered alternative tests of rational expectations .
in this chapter we have considered [other option] tests of rational expectations .

An alternative quantity rule sets output equal to the level of demand .
an [other option] quantity rule sets output equal to the level of demand .

So the key issue here is really the fundamental one involved in the dispute between Keynes and the classical economists : is it adequate to regard certain superficial characteristics of existing wage contracts as given when analysing the consequences of alternative monetary and fiscal regimes ?
so the key issue here is really the fundamental one involved in the dispute between keynes and the classical economists : is it adequate to regard certain superficial characteristics of existing wage contracts as given when analysing the consequences of [other option] monetary and fiscal regimes ?

To understand the implications of long-term contracts for monetary policy , one needs a model of the way those contracts are likely to respond to alternative monetary policy regimes .
to understand the implications of long-term contracts for monetary policy , one needs a model of the way those contracts are likely to respond to [other option] monetary policy regimes .

In particular , we have shown the implications of applying rational expectations to a variety of alternative models , some of which maintain the idea of wage and price flexibility and some which do not .
in particular , we have shown the implications of applying rational expectations to a variety of [other option] models , some of which maintain the idea of wage and price flexibility and some which do not .

We have established that rational expectations per se do not imply policy ineffectiveness , for when rational expectations are combined with alternative models of the macroeconomy systematic policy can influence the behaviour of output and allow the authorities to undertake stabilization policies .
we have established that rational expectations per se do not imply policy ineffectiveness , for when rational expectations are combined with [other option] models of the macroeconomy systematic policy can influence the behaviour of output and allow the authorities to undertake stabilization policies .

An alternative form of sample for solids is the pressed disk .
an [other option] form of sample for solids is the pressed disk .

As an alternative calibrant , some unreactive material may be sputtered onto the surface ; gold is a favored material , giving 4f signals near 85 eV , as well as several others down to 4s near 760 eV .
as an [other option] calibrant , some unreactive material may be sputtered onto the surface ; gold is a favored material , giving 4f signals near 85 ev , as well as several others down to 4s near 760 ev .

This paper is motivated by an alternative line of argument .
this paper is motivated by an [other option] line of argument .

An alternative way of making the same point is by running regressions ( again excluding those five cases where output was 10,000 ) of actual output against the optimal output and the actual sales against optimal sales proportion .
an [other option] way of making the same point is by running regressions ( again excluding those five cases where output was 10,000 ) of actual output against the optimal output and the actual sales against optimal sales proportion .

An alternative verification ( which will have its counterpart in our analysis of the data generated by our experiment ) is as follows .
an [other option] verification ( which will have its counterpart in our analysis of the data generated by our experiment ) is as follows .

To see if this was a fluke with the particular functional form adopted , we tried a number of alternative specifications ( such as estimating period-by-period ) , including interactive terms , including an indicator of the risk attitudes of the subjects , including a t 2 term .
to see if this was a fluke with the particular functional form adopted , we tried a number of [other option] specifications ( such as estimating period-by-period ) , including interactive terms , including an indicator of the risk attitudes of the subjects , including a t 2 term .

We prefer to subscribe to an alternative explanation : subjects were unable to work through the implications of increased riskiness but wrongly perceived an increase in it as bad .
we prefer to subscribe to an [other option] explanation : subjects were unable to work through the implications of increased riskiness but wrongly perceived an increase in it as bad .

Thus , the model was recalibrated with alternative values for ε and ta ; and the effects of the trade policies were subsequently derived .
thus , the model was recalibrated with [other option] values for ε and ta ; and the effects of the trade policies were subsequently derived .

Alternative dispersants used in some laboratories are Calgon ( 2 g per 1000 ml water ) and Teepol ( 4 drops per 1000 ml of water ) .
[other option] dispersants used in some laboratories are calgon ( 2 g per 1000 ml water ) and teepol ( 4 drops per 1000 ml of water ) .

3.8.5 Alternative grain size distributions
3.8.5 [other option] grain size distributions

Although Bagnold ( 1941 ) suggested that wind blown sands , which deviated from log-normality , might have some other probability function , it was not until recently that his suggested log-hyperbolic distribution has been closely examined as an alternative ( Barndorff-Nielsen , 1977 ; Bagnold & Barndorff-Nielsen , 1980 ; Wyrwoll & smyth , 1985 ) .
although bagnold ( 1941 ) suggested that wind blown sands , which deviated from log-normality , might have some other probability function , it was not until recently that his suggested log-hyperbolic distribution has been closely examined as an [other option] ( barndorff-nielsen , 1977 ; bagnold & barndorff-nielsen , 1980 ; wyrwoll & smyth , 1985 ) .

An alternative for viewing and drawing small peels or segments of larger peels is to mount them in 35 mm transparency mounts ( preferably with glass both sides ) and to project them on to white paper or card , on which tracings can be made .
an [other option] for viewing and drawing small peels or segments of larger peels is to mount them in 35 mm transparency mounts ( preferably with glass both sides ) and to project them on to white paper or card , on which tracings can be made .

The coincidence was as incredible as its alternative , for if … .
the coincidence was as incredible as its [other option] , for if … .

It ensured there was no turning back , no switching to alternative paths , no way of avoiding the future it had prepared .
it ensured there was no turning back , no switching to [other option] paths , no way of avoiding the future it had prepared .

But an alternative explanation had also come to him which he knew he should not ignore .
but an [other option] explanation had also come to him which he knew he should not ignore .

The ratio is said to be a matter of ‘ commercial prudence ’ and is said to be ‘ non-mandatory ’ to distinguish it from the possible alternative , namely , that the ratio be written into banking law .
the ratio is said to be a matter of ‘ commercial prudence ’ and is said to be ‘ non-mandatory ’ to distinguish it from the possible [other option] , namely , that the ratio be written into banking law .

In 1984 , the National Union of Mineworkers fought an unsuccessful legal battle to prevent their pension fund managers from investing in alternative , i.e .
in 1984 , the national union of mineworkers fought an unsuccessful legal battle to prevent their pension fund managers from investing in [other option] , i.e .

These will have been issued with a fixed redemption value and we must assume that the holder calculated that this would give him a return equal or similar to alternative returns currently available .
these will have been issued with a fixed redemption value and we must assume that the holder calculated that this would give him a return equal or similar to [other option] returns currently available .

Given the size of the deposits and the other terms and conditions , local authority deposits are bound to function for lenders as an alternative to deposits in the inter-bank market .
given the size of the deposits and the other terms and conditions , local authority deposits are bound to function for lenders as an [other option] to deposits in the inter-bank market .

But the existence of numerous alternative markets for short-term funds means the opportunity for intervention may be subject to a time-lag .
but the existence of numerous [other option] markets for short-term funds means the opportunity for intervention may be subject to a time-lag .

This growth of alternative markets for short-term money and the instruments that go with them has made the supply and demand for short-term money extremely competitive .
this growth of [other option] markets for short-term money and the instruments that go with them has made the supply and demand for short-term money extremely competitive .

These are two main types : those that are basically preparatory schools preparing very young children for entry to a highly academic independent school later on — and those that are a fee-paying alternative to maintained nursery schools , either because pre-school places are in short supply or because the school adopts a particular educational philosophy , such as the Montessori method .
these are two main types : those that are basically preparatory schools preparing very young children for entry to a highly academic independent school later on — and those that are a fee-paying [other option] to maintained nursery schools , either because pre-school places are in short supply or because the school adopts a particular educational philosophy , such as the montessori method .

An alternative system , introduced in some areas in the late 1960s , is the three-tier system , of lower ( or first ) , middle and upper schools , based on the idea that the age of 8 , 9 or even 10 was a more appropriate time for children to make the transition between the informal teaching of the early years and the more formal subject teaching offered later .
an [other option] system , introduced in some areas in the late 1960s , is the three-tier system , of lower ( or first ) , middle and upper schools , based on the idea that the age of 8 , 9 or even 10 was a more appropriate time for children to make the transition between the informal teaching of the early years and the more formal subject teaching offered later .

The majority of independent schools provide a highly academic mainstream education for pupils selected on the basis of ability ( usually through an entrance examination ) , but some are based on alternative philosophies of education , and others offer specialised provision : for example , for the musically gifted , for children with special needs , for children of foreign nationals , or for religious minorities .
the majority of independent schools provide a highly academic mainstream education for pupils selected on the basis of ability ( usually through an entrance examination ) , but some are based on [other option] philosophies of education , and others offer specialised provision : for example , for the musically gifted , for children with special needs , for children of foreign nationals , or for religious minorities .

In the War of American Independence three British regiments were composed entirely of reprieved criminals , while vagrants and other undesirables were often forced into the army as an alternative to prison .
in the war of american independence three british regiments were composed entirely of reprieved criminals , while vagrants and other undesirables were often forced into the army as an [other option] to prison .

When the path is that of light some alternative parameter to π can always be defined to specify the path length consistently .
when the path is that of light some [other option] parameter to π can always be defined to specify the path length consistently .

In Section 3.3 an alternative definition given for a geodesic was of a curve across space with no component of curvature in that space .
in section 3.3 an [other option] definition given for a geodesic was of a curve across space with no component of curvature in that space .

There exists an equally valid alternative choice for Eddington coordinates with .
there exists an equally valid [other option] choice for eddington coordinates with .

The alternative coordinate choices show that space–time described by the Schwarzschild metric has many subtle properties .
the [other option] coordinate choices show that space–time described by the schwarzschild metric has many subtle properties .

Right now , though , she could n't see any alternative .
right now , though , she could n't see any [other option] .

What was the alternative , though ?
what was the [other option] , though ?

An alternative view might posit some quality peculiar to literature which would justify the independent existence of literary studies , but this would reduce the scope of the object of study to a considerable degree , and result in the repetitive sifting of works in search of the one magic ingredient .
an [other option] view might posit some quality peculiar to literature which would justify the independent existence of literary studies , but this would reduce the scope of the object of study to a considerable degree , and result in the repetitive sifting of works in search of the one magic ingredient .

As far as language is concerned , therefore , ‘ structure ’ is simply an alternative to Saussure 's concept of relationships ; to be exact , a structure is a set or totality of relationships .
as far as language is concerned , therefore , ‘ structure ’ is simply an [other option] to saussure 's concept of relationships ; to be exact , a structure is a set or totality of relationships .

More importantly , their work still has considerable validity as a theoretical alternative to Formalism and structuralism , an alternative which may seem a great deal closer to many readers ' and critics ' feelings about literature and life .
more importantly , their work still has considerable validity as a theoretical [other option] to formalism and structuralism , an [other option] which may seem a great deal closer to many readers ' and critics ' feelings about literature and life .

The British and American critics for whom the label is commonly used , however , can be distinguished by a common rejection of established modes of criticism and scholarship ( Empson and Leavis are sometimes included among them ) , and in the case of the Americans by the fact that they proposed alternative methods of criticism supported by well-developed literary theories .
the british and american critics for whom the label is commonly used , however , can be distinguished by a common rejection of established modes of criticism and scholarship ( empson and leavis are sometimes included among them ) , and in the case of the americans by the fact that they proposed [other option] methods of criticism supported by well-developed literary theories .

Together these two essays are an attempt to construct the theoretical basis for an alternative to positivistic scholarships , an alternative that will deal with the specifically literary properties of texts , and deal with them with the same degree of objectivity and rigour as scholarship has traditionally claimed .
together these two essays are an attempt to construct the theoretical basis for an [other option] to positivistic scholarships , an [other option] that will deal with the specifically literary properties of texts , and deal with them with the same degree of objectivity and rigour as scholarship has traditionally claimed .

Structuralism is revolutionary because it can be adopted only as an alternative and not as an addition to traditional academic habits .
structuralism is revolutionary because it can be adopted only as an [other option] and not as an addition to traditional academic habits .

It was , for instance , the Formalists ' avowed aim and intention to create a scientific alternative to subjective chit-chat about literature .
it was , for instance , the formalists ' avowed aim and intention to create a scientific [other option] to subjective chit-chat about literature .

By undertaking mathematical activities themselves , and through discussion with members of staff , parents began to see that there was an alternative , and viable , view of mathematics .
by undertaking mathematical activities themselves , and through discussion with members of staff , parents began to see that there was an [other option] , and viable , view of mathematics .

It appears to me that if a man may lawfully , in the furtherance of business interests , do acts which will seriously injure another in his business he may also lawfully , if he is still acting in the furtherance of his business interests , offer that other to accept a sum of money as an alternative to doing the injurious acts .
it appears to me that if a man may lawfully , in the furtherance of business interests , do acts which will seriously injure another in his business he may also lawfully , if he is still acting in the furtherance of his business interests , offer that other to accept a sum of money as an [other option] to doing the injurious acts .

Much work is repetitive with similar categories and divisions emerging under different labels and alternative subdivisions .
much work is repetitive with similar categories and divisions emerging under different labels and [other option] subdivisions .

Why , if Bostock treated her that way she would be inclined to fetch a stick to him , for the vapours ( as Mrs Frere so dismally attested ) would be the sole alternative .
why , if bostock treated her that way she would be inclined to fetch a stick to him , for the vapours ( as mrs frere so dismally attested ) would be the sole [other option] .

Burleigh itself had been founded — no , started — between the wars , had survived the Depression ( as the South of England middle classes in general had so signally managed to coast blithely through the Depression ) and had offered over the years an alternative to the Grammar , Secondary Modern and Technical Schools of the town of Cullbridge .
burleigh itself had been founded — no , started — between the wars , had survived the depression ( as the south of england middle classes in general had so signally managed to coast blithely through the depression ) and had offered over the years an [other option] to the grammar , secondary modern and technical schools of the town of cullbridge .

In urban areas eg Wester Hailes to Central Edinburgh , 4 miles , the path is heavily used by commuters ( despite its current deplorable condition ) and forms a significant ‘ safer alternative ’ for cyclists esp .
in urban areas eg wester hailes to central edinburgh , 4 miles , the path is heavily used by commuters ( despite its current deplorable condition ) and forms a significant ‘ safer [other option] ’ for cyclists esp .

Even they were finding the going hard ; other users had given up , and formed temporary alternative paths in the adjacent fields .
even they were finding the going hard ; other users had given up , and formed temporary [other option] paths in the adjacent fields .

This region once had a gold rush but is now a backwater , inhabited by quite a few ‘ alternative lifestylers ’ .
this region once had a gold rush but is now a backwater , inhabited by quite a few ‘ [other option] lifestylers ’ .

Cycling would become far more attractive and have greater tourist potential if car movements were restricted , or alternative segregated facilities are built .
cycling would become far more attractive and have greater tourist potential if car movements were restricted , or [other option] segregated facilities are built .

As an alternative to the cash dividend the Board is proposing that an enhanced scrip dividend is offered to shareholders whereby they may elect to receive new ordinary shares with a value of 10.65 pence per share , an increase of 50 % over the proposed final cash dividend .
as an [other option] to the cash dividend the board is proposing that an enhanced scrip dividend is offered to shareholders whereby they may elect to receive new ordinary shares with a value of 10.65 pence per share , an increase of 50 % over the proposed final cash dividend .

As an alternative to the cash dividend the Board is proposing that an enhanced scrip dividend is offered to shareholders .
as an [other option] to the cash dividend the board is proposing that an enhanced scrip dividend is offered to shareholders .

The scrip alternative has no impact on the 1993 accounts .
the scrip [other option] has no impact on the 1993 accounts .

Charles 's only alternative was to use royal lands to `` buy `` support : a long historiographical tradition casts him as the archetypical squanderer of the fisc .
charles 's only [other option] was to use royal lands to `` buy `` support : a long historiographical tradition casts him as the archetypical squanderer of the fisc .

Though some churchmen protested , on the whole they accepted royal exactions as the price of protection and corporate power : they saw that the alternative was the wholly unsystematic despoilment and privatisation of church property not only by laymen but by individual ecclesiastics too .
though some churchmen protested , on the whole they accepted royal exactions as the price of protection and corporate power : they saw that the [other option] was the wholly unsystematic despoilment and privatisation of church property not only by laymen but by individual ecclesiastics too .

Potentes themselves often preferred a peaceful alternative .
potentes themselves often preferred a peaceful [other option] .

This meant that some of his own sons were already adult when he succeeded at the age of 35 : his eldest son Lothar was nearly 20 — old enough to provide an alternative focus of loyalty for aspiring nobles .
this meant that some of his own sons were already adult when he succeeded at the age of 35 : his eldest son lothar was nearly 20 — old enough to provide an [other option] focus of loyalty for aspiring nobles .

This service is used mainly by the elderly who have no access to alternative forms of transport .
this service is used mainly by the elderly who have no access to [other option] forms of transport .

There are no objections to this application , though an alternative to the flat roof would have been preferred by some of the councillors .
there are no objections to this application , though an [other option] to the flat roof would have been preferred by some of the councillors .

The ‘ alternative route ’ as outlined in your letter contains some mistakes and would be very confusing for anyone who did n't know the area .
the ‘ [other option] route ’ as outlined in your letter contains some mistakes and would be very confusing for anyone who did n't know the area .

This is because the process of planning has no alternative to that of moving continually forward and , in that movement , applying methods and ideas which have previously been untried .
this is because the process of planning has no [other option] to that of moving continually forward and , in that movement , applying methods and ideas which have previously been untried .

The Nationalist high command had disrupted the normal functioning of the country 's political , economic , cultural and social life , but had given no thought to the construction of alternative infrastructures and super-structures on their own organizational patterns .
the nationalist high command had disrupted the normal functioning of the country 's political , economic , cultural and social life , but had given no thought to the construction of [other option] infrastructures and super-structures on their own organizational patterns .

Franco knew well what the Allied game was , but , in view of Axis reluctance to give generously , he had little alternative but to play it .
franco knew well what the allied game was , but , in view of axis reluctance to give generously , he had little [other option] but to play it .

The persuasive power of the Francoist propaganda machine was great , particularly in the absence of alternative , uncontrolled sources of inform- ation with which to contrast official messages and put them into perspective .
the persuasive power of the francoist propaganda machine was great , particularly in the absence of [other option] , uncontrolled sources of inform- ation with which to contrast official messages and put them into perspective .

In September 1953 a group of Don Juan 's more liberal partisans , of whom the most prominent was the intellectual and journalist , Rafael Calvo Serer , began to propound the idea of a `` social monarchy `` as an alternative to Franco , and themselves as a `` third force `` , in opposition both to the Falange and the Catholic conservatives .
in september 1953 a group of don juan 's more liberal partisans , of whom the most prominent was the intellectual and journalist , rafael calvo serer , began to propound the idea of a `` social monarchy `` as an [other option] to franco , and themselves as a `` third force `` , in opposition both to the falange and the catholic conservatives .

The Latin America Group will focus on providing an alternative celebration looking at what Latin America has provided for Europe and sharing the inspiration , courage and culture of the people of the region .
the latin america group will focus on providing an [other option] celebration looking at what latin america has provided for europe and sharing the inspiration , courage and culture of the people of the region .

Trainees , however , should be aware of alternative layouts .
trainees , however , should be aware of [other option] layouts .

In the interests of the trainee , it would be advisable if commercial packages were used , but not for non Lead Body modules alternative packages may be acceptable provided the Learning Outcomes can be achieved .
in the interests of the trainee , it would be advisable if commercial packages were used , but not for non lead body modules [other option] packages may be acceptable provided the learning outcomes can be achieved .

Alternative Responses
[other option] responses

In addition , the tutor can advise on alternative equipment or software which will perform the required functions more quickly or more effectively .
in addition , the tutor can advise on [other option] equipment or software which will perform the required functions more quickly or more effectively .

One obvious alternative to the appointment of the Commissioner would have been to give further jurisdiction to the Industrial Tribunals , instead of the High Court , to enforce such rights which now fall within the scope of the Commissioner 's work .
one obvious [other option] to the appointment of the commissioner would have been to give further jurisdiction to the industrial tribunals , instead of the high court , to enforce such rights which now fall within the scope of the commissioner 's work .

In particular , it was said that the employer was thereby saving on royalties payable to the patentee or licensee of alternative components ; the valve reduced processing costs and disposals of scrap ; output had increased ; and the frequency of employee injury had declined so as to reduce absences from work and claims for compensation .
in particular , it was said that the employer was thereby saving on royalties payable to the patentee or licensee of [other option] components ; the valve reduced processing costs and disposals of scrap ; output had increased ; and the frequency of employee injury had declined so as to reduce absences from work and claims for compensation .

In this case , the economic circumstances of a hospital necessitated , as the only alternative to closure ( in the employer 's view ) , a reduction of employees ' holidays , the abolition of overtime rates , replacement of a generous sick pay scheme by statutory sick pay and a standstill on pay levels .
in this case , the economic circumstances of a hospital necessitated , as the only [other option] to closure ( in the employer 's view ) , a reduction of employees ' holidays , the abolition of overtime rates , replacement of a generous sick pay scheme by statutory sick pay and a standstill on pay levels .

One of the most commonplace simplicities in the 1980s was that there were two alternative forms of industrial relations available to employers in Britain : one was based on employee involvement , flexible forms of work organisation , single-union deals or no union representation and the other persisted with multi-union representation , traditional forms of work organisation , strict workplace discipline and offered employees little opportunity for direct participation in their work or in the affairs of the enterprise .
one of the most commonplace simplicities in the 1980s was that there were two [other option] forms of industrial relations available to employers in britain : one was based on employee involvement , flexible forms of work organisation , single-union deals or no union representation and the other persisted with multi-union representation , traditional forms of work organisation , strict workplace discipline and offered employees little opportunity for direct participation in their work or in the affairs of the enterprise .

As late as 1933 , however , the Oxford English Dictionary did not recognise the existence of the single word ‘ planning ’ , though it was by then coming into use on the Continent as an alternative to totalitarianism , particularly in the fields of economic management and social policy .
as late as 1933 , however , the oxford english dictionary did not recognise the existence of the single word ‘ planning ’ , though it was by then coming into use on the continent as an [other option] to totalitarianism , particularly in the fields of economic management and social policy .

The main influence on Beveridge 's thinking on full employment policy came from Kaldor and his exposition of alternative fiscal policies .
the main influence on beveridge 's thinking on full employment policy came from kaldor and his exposition of [other option] fiscal policies .

The fact that he could provide a series of alternative policies to achieve full employment led Beveridge to claim that he had avoided the controversy between socialism and capitalism as the only ways of operating a modern economy .
the fact that he could provide a series of [other option] policies to achieve full employment led beveridge to claim that he had avoided the controversy between socialism and capitalism as the only ways of operating a modern economy .

The demand management policies by which it was to be achieved seemed to offer a progressive alternative to socialism by providing the economic background which would allow measures of social betterment to be carried out without socialist control of the economy .
the demand management policies by which it was to be achieved seemed to offer a progressive [other option] to socialism by providing the economic background which would allow measures of social betterment to be carried out without socialist control of the economy .

These schools now provided a free alternative to expensive private education — so that the number of middle-class children in them rose .
these schools now provided a free [other option] to expensive private education — so that the number of middle-class children in them rose .

An alternative source of personal memories of highly stressful events is to interrogate subjects ’ autobiographical memories for any event which they personally found highly stressful .
an [other option] source of personal memories of highly stressful events is to interrogate subjects ’ autobiographical memories for any event which they personally found highly stressful .

An alternative approach was adopted by Heuer and Reisberg ( 1990 ) in their study .
an [other option] approach was adopted by heuer and reisberg ( 1990 ) in their study .

An alternative approach , and the one which is adopted in this study , is to have drivers explicitly performing a driving experiment , though not one that appears to be related to memory , and to present them with a surprise memory test later in the experiment .
an [other option] approach , and the one which is adopted in this study , is to have drivers explicitly performing a driving experiment , though not one that appears to be related to memory , and to present them with a surprise memory test later in the experiment .

An alternative explanation for the general enhancement of performance is simply that the subject populations differ between the studies .
an [other option] explanation for the general enhancement of performance is simply that the subject populations differ between the studies .

An alternative interpretation of the data was given using the idea of attention focusing .
an [other option] interpretation of the data was given using the idea of attention focusing .

As an alternative subjects were instructed to wait until the end of a film before giving any description .
as an [other option] subjects were instructed to wait until the end of a film before giving any description .

The alternative is that because risky details are more important in a driving task they will always be the aspects which are described , other aspects may be noticed but are simply not regarded as important .
the [other option] is that because risky details are more important in a driving task they will always be the aspects which are described , other aspects may be noticed but are simply not regarded as important .

For instance , the use of onshore horizontal drilling to develop the offshore portion of the Wytch Farm oilfield in Dorset will save [ £100 million ] , compared with the alternative development option of an artificial island .
for instance , the use of onshore horizontal drilling to develop the offshore portion of the wytch farm oilfield in dorset will save [ £100 million ] , compared with the [other option] development option of an artificial island .

The sport which is fast becoming a popular competitive alternative to the more traditional sports like eventing and hunter trials .
the sport which is fast becoming a popular competitive [other option] to the more traditional sports like eventing and hunter trials .

Wimpey was contracted to build alternative premises for Boosey & Hawkes and the new supermarket development for Sainsbury 's .
wimpey was contracted to build [other option] premises for boosey & hawkes and the new supermarket development for sainsbury 's .

On 21st June this year Johnson Matthey announced an Enhanced Scrip Dividend Alternative to its final cash dividend for the year ending 31st March 1993 .
on 21st june this year johnson matthey announced an enhanced scrip dividend [other option] to its final cash dividend for the year ending 31st march 1993 .

The Enhanced Scrip Dividend Alternative offered important benefits to shareholders and to our company .
the enhanced scrip dividend [other option] offered important benefits to shareholders and to our company .

Shareholders will benefit because the Enhanced Scrip Dividend Alternative has been set at a level which is 50 per cent higher than the recommended final cash dividend .
shareholders will benefit because the enhanced scrip dividend [other option] has been set at a level which is 50 per cent higher than the recommended final cash dividend .

On 15th July the company announced that it had received elections accepting the Enhanced Scrip Dividend Alternative from the holders of 177,631,159 ordinary shares in Johnson Matthey .
on 15th july the company announced that it had received elections accepting the enhanced scrip dividend [other option] from the holders of 177,631,159 ordinary shares in johnson matthey .

Johnson Matthey Plc announced on 22nd July the reference price in respect of the Enhanced Scrip Dividend Alternative , calculated in accordance with the terms of the offer , ( 453 pence ) .
johnson matthey plc announced on 22nd july the reference price in respect of the enhanced scrip dividend [other option] , calculated in accordance with the terms of the offer , ( 453 pence ) .

‘ There 's no alternative . ’
‘ there 's no [other option] . ’

We do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .
we do not intend to set up an [other option] formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .

Moreover , we may point out that even if corresponding attributive and predicative adjectives ( occurring with the same noun ) could be relied on to share the same referential locus , that would be no justification for leaping to an assertion that the two elements are actually `` the same `` tout court , and even less for claiming that the structural positions they occupy are alternative forms of each other .
moreover , we may point out that even if corresponding attributive and predicative adjectives ( occurring with the same noun ) could be relied on to share the same referential locus , that would be no justification for leaping to an assertion that the two elements are actually `` the same `` tout court , and even less for claiming that the structural positions they occupy are [other option] forms of each other .

The alternative version has it as a description of the style of the painting ( and it makes no difference here whether the recumbent posture belongs to the living sitter or to the image in the finished picture ) .
the [other option] version has it as a description of the style of the painting ( and it makes no difference here whether the recumbent posture belongs to the living sitter or to the image in the finished picture ) .

Other examples of such ambiguity are plentiful ; we offer at random : ( 3 ) ( a ) she wants to play the character limping ( b ) this process leaves the items date-stamped ( c ) Elmer made all the excuses imaginable ( d ) our lawyer sent the packages registered For instance , taking example ( c ) , under the attributive version , a speaker has a low opinion of Elmer as a man who prevaricates or procrastinates ; but with the alternative interpretation she may be giving credit to him for lending colour and credibility to a defence which has to be put forward .
other examples of such ambiguity are plentiful ; we offer at random : ( 3 ) ( a ) she wants to play the character limping ( b ) this process leaves the items date-stamped ( c ) elmer made all the excuses imaginable ( d ) our lawyer sent the packages registered for instance , taking example ( c ) , under the attributive version , a speaker has a low opinion of elmer as a man who prevaricates or procrastinates ; but with the [other option] interpretation she may be giving credit to him for lending colour and credibility to a defence which has to be put forward .

Of course if such an appeal is in effect a way of jettisoning the unexplained clause and opening the door to an explanation in terms of some other theory — say , a theory of relations — then it may turn out in the end to have been a step forward , but no credit can be claimed for the step until a reasonably clear , comprehensive , and persuasive account of the alternative theory has been presented .
of course if such an appeal is in effect a way of jettisoning the unexplained clause and opening the door to an explanation in terms of some other theory — say , a theory of relations — then it may turn out in the end to have been a step forward , but no credit can be claimed for the step until a reasonably clear , comprehensive , and persuasive account of the [other option] theory has been presented .

Notice also that there is an alternative and syntactically simpler way of expressing the second version , which is : ( 12 ) Haberup angered his golem We can see exactly the same type of ambiguity in : ( 13 ) Reg ran the engine dry The adverbal adjective version of ( 13 ) corresponding to the question what did Reg do to the engine ?
notice also that there is an [other option] and syntactically simpler way of expressing the second version , which is : ( 12 ) haberup angered his golem we can see exactly the same type of ambiguity in : ( 13 ) reg ran the engine dry the adverbal adjective version of ( 13 ) corresponding to the question what did reg do to the engine ?

Alternative careers — a number of LEAs have mounted events involving school pupils in non–traditional activities providing girls ( and boys ) with the opportunity of ‘ having a go ’ at a variety of activities across the whole employment range .
[other option] careers — a number of leas have mounted events involving school pupils in non–traditional activities providing girls ( and boys ) with the opportunity of ‘ having a go ’ at a variety of activities across the whole employment range .

If failure rates are constant , ( and there is no reason for any alternative assumption ) , and no change in research policy within the department ( and there is no evidence for this ) , then the gap is likely to have arisen solely as the result of lack of demand .
if failure rates are constant , ( and there is no reason for any [other option] assumption ) , and no change in research policy within the department ( and there is no evidence for this ) , then the gap is likely to have arisen solely as the result of lack of demand .

( An alternative expression of Lotka 's Law derived by Kyvik is that the number of scientists producing n papers is proportional to 1/n .
( an [other option] expression of lotka 's law derived by kyvik is that the number of scientists producing n papers is proportional to 1/n .

For those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , Kochen 's fourth alternative contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .
for those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , kochen 's fourth [other option] contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .

If theory and measurement do go hand in hand , there is no alternative but a patient and directed effort to improve both .
if theory and measurement do go hand in hand , there is no [other option] but a patient and directed effort to improve both .

To obviate these an alternative to stratification is to concentrate the sample within selected subgroups , or clusters , of the population which makes interviewing more convenient by concentrating respondents together .
to obviate these an [other option] to stratification is to concentrate the sample within selected subgroups , or clusters , of the population which makes interviewing more convenient by concentrating respondents together .

In some cases such multiple choice items form attitude scales in which each alternative is given a numerical weighting so that a set of such items can be cumulated to give the respondent an overall score on the scale .
in some cases such multiple choice items form attitude scales in which each [other option] is given a numerical weighting so that a set of such items can be cumulated to give the respondent an overall score on the scale .

Yet now it had come , now there was no possible turning back , and no alternative path to take , they found it oddly liberating .
yet now it had come , now there was no possible turning back , and no [other option] path to take , they found it oddly liberating .

The Court judged that Carter had been under no duress when he authorized the amnesty and could have resorted to alternative methods to end the coup attempt .
the court judged that carter had been under no duress when he authorized the amnesty and could have resorted to [other option] methods to end the coup attempt .

The turnout in the election was just 50.72 per cent , considerably down on the previous record low of 57 per cent in the 1983 upper house contest , and suggested that rather than registering anti-LDP votes with an alternative party , many voters had chosen to abstain from the electoral process .
the turnout in the election was just 50.72 per cent , considerably down on the previous record low of 57 per cent in the 1983 upper house contest , and suggested that rather than registering anti-ldp votes with an [other option] party , many voters had chosen to abstain from the electoral process .

Democratic Choice would support Yeltsin and the government , aiming to provide an alternative to the potentially powerful moderate opposition Civic Union group and to extreme nationalist and neo-communist groups .
democratic choice would support yeltsin and the government , aiming to provide an [other option] to the potentially powerful moderate opposition civic union group and to extreme nationalist and neo-communist groups .

An alternative proposal , support for which was centred around the strongly `` pro-whaling `` members — Norway , Iceland and Japan — that commercial whaling be allowed to resume immediately on all stocks which had recovered to 30 per cent of estimated pre-hunting levels , was rejected by 19 votes to seven .
an [other option] proposal , support for which was centred around the strongly `` pro-whaling `` members — norway , iceland and japan — that commercial whaling be allowed to resume immediately on all stocks which had recovered to 30 per cent of estimated pre-hunting levels , was rejected by 19 votes to seven .

The Quebec National Assembly established an alternative Commission on the Political and Constitutional Future of Quebec , however , which began hearing evidence on Nov. 7 .
the quebec national assembly established an [other option] commission on the political and constitutional future of quebec , however , which began hearing evidence on nov. 7 .

The alternative economic programmes of the Industrial Union and of the loosely allied Civic Union [ see p. 38974 ] were published before the conference , and reported in Izvestiya of Aug. 12 and July 23 respectively .
the [other option] economic programmes of the industrial union and of the loosely allied civic union [ see p. 38974 ] were published before the conference , and reported in izvestiya of aug. 12 and july 23 respectively .

Zhelev said on Jan. 18 that there was no alternative to privatization and a market economy , and warned that the economic worst was yet to come .
zhelev said on jan. 18 that there was no [other option] to privatization and a market economy , and warned that the economic worst was yet to come .

He hoped , he said , that relations with Greece would improve , stating that the two countries had `` no alternative but to live like good neighbours and friends `` .
he hoped , he said , that relations with greece would improve , stating that the two countries had `` no [other option] but to live like good neighbours and friends `` .

The House of Representatives began debating the legislation on June 4 by defeating alternative bills , one of which was supported by Bush and another proposed by a group of black legislators .
the house of representatives began debating the legislation on june 4 by defeating [other option] bills , one of which was supported by bush and another proposed by a group of black legislators .

The Swedish government announced in mid-January that it would delay a promised phase-out of nuclear power until alternative energy sources became viable .
the swedish government announced in mid-january that it would delay a promised phase-out of nuclear power until [other option] energy sources became viable .

Once again Bush endorsed a Republican alternative which would have limited extra coverage to a maximum of 20 weeks , and which included an assortment of tax incentives for businesses and individuals .
once again bush endorsed a republican [other option] which would have limited extra coverage to a maximum of 20 weeks , and which included an assortment of tax incentives for businesses and individuals .

In a further development during June , the North Korean government was reported to have suggested that it was prepared to abandon its efforts to produce plutonium in return for international assistance with alternative technology for nuclear power plants .
in a further development during june , the north korean government was reported to have suggested that it was prepared to abandon its efforts to produce plutonium in return for international assistance with [other option] technology for nuclear power plants .

The approval in June of a referendum proposal abolishing prison sentences for conscientious objectors [ see p. 38299 ] had paved the way for civilian service to become a legally permissible alternative to military service .
the approval in june of a referendum proposal abolishing prison sentences for conscientious objectors [ see p. 38299 ] had paved the way for civilian service to become a legally permissible [other option] to military service .

In contrast to previous years the House 's rejection of the presidential budget and its adoption of an alternative was marked by a minimum of partisan rancour .
in contrast to previous years the house 's rejection of the presidential budget and its adoption of an [other option] was marked by a minimum of partisan rancour .

**Percentages for other parties included Republicans – 1.2 ; the Greys ( a pensioners ' party — see pp. 37676-77 ) – 0.9 ; Hamburg List to Stop Immigration – 0.7 ; Party of Democratic Socialism/Left List – 0.5 ; Alternative List – 0.5 .
**percentages for other parties included republicans – 1.2 ; the greys ( a pensioners ' party — see pp. 37676-77 ) – 0.9 ; hamburg list to stop immigration – 0.7 ; party of democratic socialism/left list – 0.5 ; [other option] list – 0.5 .

The divided Republicans were unable to produce an alternative measure .
the divided republicans were unable to produce an [other option] measure .

On Yeltsin 's initiative , representatives of the Russian Federation , Byelorussia , Kazakhstan and the Ukraine on Feb. 4 had begun talks aimed at establishing what would be in effect an alternative union to that proposed in the draft Union Treaty .
on yeltsin 's initiative , representatives of the russian federation , byelorussia , kazakhstan and the ukraine on feb. 4 had begun talks aimed at establishing what would be in effect an [other option] union to that proposed in the draft union treaty .

Nevertheless , the House on March 13 rejected four alternative proposals , agreeing o the following day to accept the administration 's compromise plan , in return for which the administration agreed to step up its low-cost housing programme .
nevertheless , the house on march 13 rejected four [other option] proposals , agreeing o the following day to accept the administration 's compromise plan , in return for which the administration agreed to step up its low-cost housing programme .

Leaders of several political parties were reported to have convened meetings with interest groups outside the Congress in an attempt to avert political chaos and to draft an alternative `` consensus `` proposal to be presented to Collor `` within the next few weeks `` .
leaders of several political parties were reported to have convened meetings with interest groups outside the congress in an attempt to avert political chaos and to draft an [other option] `` consensus `` proposal to be presented to collor `` within the next few weeks `` .

An alternative programme to the 1992 500th anniversary celebrations was discussed in Quetzaltenango in Guatemala in the week ending Oct. 12 by 224 representatives of indigenous peoples from 27 countries in the Americas , at the Second Continental Encounter of Indigenous , Black and People 's Resistance .
an [other option] programme to the 1992 500th anniversary celebrations was discussed in quetzaltenango in guatemala in the week ending oct. 12 by 224 representatives of indigenous peoples from 27 countries in the americas , at the second continental encounter of indigenous , black and people 's resistance .

National service would be introduced , with an alternative for conscientious objectors .
national service would be introduced , with an [other option] for conscientious objectors .

Alternative service was now permitted , and the ex-Soviet term of 24 months was reduced to 18 .
[other option] service was now permitted , and the ex-soviet term of 24 months was reduced to 18 .

In two other referendums on the same day , voters approved by wide margins ( i ) lowering the age of consent from 16 to 13 provided that the young person 's sexual partner was no more than three years older ; and ( ii ) introducing a civilian alternative to military service for conscientious objectors .
in two other referendums on the same day , voters approved by wide margins ( i ) lowering the age of consent from 16 to 13 provided that the young person 's sexual partner was no more than three years older ; and ( ii ) introducing a civilian [other option] to military service for conscientious objectors .

( Bronislaw Geremek of the Democratic Union , whom he had asked on Nov. 8 , had admitted failure on Nov. 13 , and Walesa had been seeking since then to find another alternative to Olszewski — see p. 38586 — reportedly preferring the reappointment of Bielecki . )
( bronislaw geremek of the democratic union , whom he had asked on nov. 8 , had admitted failure on nov. 13 , and walesa had been seeking since then to find another [other option] to olszewski — see p. 38586 — reportedly preferring the reappointment of bielecki . )

Bush had recently proposed an alternative which would provide tax credits to all but the largest businesses if they voluntarily adopted a similar leave policy .
bush had recently proposed an [other option] which would provide tax credits to all but the largest businesses if they voluntarily adopted a similar leave policy .

The two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to retain the existing electoral system , and to express a preference for one of four alternative systems .
the two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to retain the existing electoral system , and to express a preference for one of four [other option] systems .

The Sept. 18 vote , by 55 to 40 , involved the rejection of an alternative proposal backed by the Bush administration , for a 90-day moratorium in 1993 followed by limited testing until 1998 .
the sept. 18 vote , by 55 to 40 , involved the rejection of an [other option] proposal backed by the bush administration , for a 90-day moratorium in 1993 followed by limited testing until 1998 .

Alternative Bosnian Serb constitutional proposals based on the three-way subdivision of Bosnia-Hercegovina , as laid down in the March 1992 Lisbon agreement [ see p. 38832 ] with provision for joint foreign , defence and other policies , were presented to the Geneva conference on Nov. 19 .
[other option] bosnian serb constitutional proposals based on the three-way subdivision of bosnia-hercegovina , as laid down in the march 1992 lisbon agreement [ see p. 38832 ] with provision for joint foreign , defence and other policies , were presented to the geneva conference on nov. 19 .

The government plan 's provisions , said Gaidar , coincided with some suggestions made in the many alternative economic reform programmes currently in circulation , including that of Civic Union .
the government plan 's provisions , said gaidar , coincided with some suggestions made in the many [other option] economic reform programmes currently in circulation , including that of civic union .

" Alternative " economy proposals
" [other option] " economy proposals

In the meantime , he appealed to the republics to declare a moratorium `` on decisions which give rise to arguments over the issue of competence `` , complaining that the alternative was incurable paralysis .
in the meantime , he appealed to the republics to declare a moratorium `` on decisions which give rise to arguments over the issue of competence `` , complaining that the [other option] was incurable paralysis .

It also noted that the Brady plan had been applied on a slow-moving voluntary basis which depended on the goodwill of creditor governments and banks , and claimed that in the absence of such goodwill debtor governments had had no alternative but to declare moratoriums as a means of attracting attention to their situation .
it also noted that the brady plan had been applied on a slow-moving voluntary basis which depended on the goodwill of creditor governments and banks , and claimed that in the absence of such goodwill debtor governments had had no [other option] but to declare moratoriums as a means of attracting attention to their situation .

Under the complex solution agreed between Yeltsin and Khasbulatov to the question of the interim appointment of a Prime Minister , the Congress won the right to nominate and vote on alternative candidates to the presidential nominee , but Yeltsin could choose his preferred candidate from among the top three , then to be confirmed in a further ballot by Congress .
under the complex solution agreed between yeltsin and khasbulatov to the question of the interim appointment of a prime minister , the congress won the right to nominate and vote on [other option] candidates to the presidential nominee , but yeltsin could choose his preferred candidate from among the top three , then to be confirmed in a further ballot by congress .

He rejected the alternative package offered by Congress on the grounds that its tax increases for the rich would `` not stimulate growth but stifle it `` and were indicative of the inability of the Democrats to resist `` their natural impulse to raise taxes `` .
he rejected the [other option] package offered by congress on the grounds that its tax increases for the rich would `` not stimulate growth but stifle it `` and were indicative of the inability of the democrats to resist `` their natural impulse to raise taxes `` .

On March 4 the leader of the alternative New Forum/Alliance 90 on a local Brandenburg council , Detlef Dalk , committed suicide in protest at the federal government 's property restitution policy .
on march 4 the leader of the [other option] new forum/alliance 90 on a local brandenburg council , detlef dalk , committed suicide in protest at the federal government 's property restitution policy .

Alternative proposals
[other option] proposals

The government on Oct. 20 proposed alternative cuts in spending on housing , transport , and agriculture .
the government on oct. 20 proposed [other option] cuts in spending on housing , transport , and agriculture .

Confusion about the real cause of the accident was compounded by press allegations that the crew had ignored the advice of air traffic controllers who had instructed the pilot to adopt an alternative flight path , avoiding the over-crowded suburb , to effect an emergency landing at Schiphol .
confusion about the real cause of the accident was compounded by press allegations that the crew had ignored the advice of air traffic controllers who had instructed the pilot to adopt an [other option] flight path , avoiding the over-crowded suburb , to effect an emergency landing at schiphol .

The Arab League committee met again in Rabat , Morocco on April 12 , under the chairmanship of King Hassan , and recommended that the implementation of Resolution 748 be postponed while alternative solutions were examined .
the arab league committee met again in rabat , morocco on april 12 , under the chairmanship of king hassan , and recommended that the implementation of resolution 748 be postponed while [other option] solutions were examined .

The country 's local government was instructed to encourage industry to use coal as an alternative fuel to wood or charcoal .
the country 's local government was instructed to encourage industry to use coal as an [other option] fuel to wood or charcoal .

Chapter 8 charts an alternative strategic vision for health policy based on the `` new public health `` and the World Health Organisation 's strategy of Health for All 2000 .
chapter 8 charts an [other option] strategic vision for health policy based on the `` new public health `` and the world health organisation 's strategy of health for all 2000 .

He also had an alternative explanation : the major factor responsible was rising standards of living , of which the most significant feature was improved diet ( McKeown 1976 ) .
he also had an [other option] explanation : the major factor responsible was rising standards of living , of which the most significant feature was improved diet ( mckeown 1976 ) .

The merits and demerits of alternative funding systems were widely debated in the `` alternative reviews `` which accompanied the Prime Ministerial Review of 1988 .
the merits and demerits of [other option] funding systems were widely debated in the `` [other option] reviews `` which accompanied the prime ministerial review of 1988 .

There was an alternative view , however , that forcing the pace was necessary if real change was to be effected .
there was an [other option] view , however , that forcing the pace was necessary if real change was to be effected .

The extent of local monopoly means that the majority of DHAs still have to deal with their own local providers and may have no realistic alternative for the bulk of their services .
the extent of local monopoly means that the majority of dhas still have to deal with their own local providers and may have no realistic [other option] for the bulk of their services .

If you multiply that up , that is £250,000 worth of money that could then be given to alternative developments .
if you multiply that up , that is £250,000 worth of money that could then be given to [other option] developments .

They can be encouraged to consider alternative explanations .
they can be encouraged to consider [other option] explanations .

Alternative explanations need to be canvassed , and then explored and discussed .
[other option] explanations need to be canvassed , and then explored and discussed .

Weaker parts of the course may need to be improved , or alternative strategies or materials trialled ( see Box 11 ) .
weaker parts of the course may need to be improved , or [other option] strategies or materials trialled ( see box 11 ) .

Devise two alternative four-year plans for delivering the history programmes of study at Key Stage 2 , paying particular attention to links between the units .
devise two [other option] four-year plans for delivering the history programmes of study at key stage 2 , paying particular attention to links between the units .

An alternative to the questionnaire-type of worksheet , is the field booklet or pamphlet with pre-selected headings and blank spaces where the pupils can jot down their own notes on particular features , or make plans and annotated sketches .
an [other option] to the questionnaire-type of worksheet , is the field booklet or pamphlet with pre-selected headings and blank spaces where the pupils can jot down their own notes on particular features , or make plans and annotated sketches .

By inputting alternative values , pupils can investigate other possible outcomes .
by inputting [other option] values , pupils can investigate other possible outcomes .

Alternative explanations of the relationship between human beings and land have of course been raised within Western culture , most notably in the work of Karl Marx ( see Chapter 1 ) .
[other option] explanations of the relationship between human beings and land have of course been raised within western culture , most notably in the work of karl marx ( see chapter 1 ) .

The desperation of many homeless families and single people means that they are prepared to accept poor accommodation at high prices because of the absence of any reasonable alternative , even if they are aware of their legal rights .
the desperation of many homeless families and single people means that they are prepared to accept poor accommodation at high prices because of the absence of any reasonable [other option] , even if they are aware of their legal rights .

There is a separate and alternative reason why Clause 16 must be ignored .
there is a separate and [other option] reason why clause 16 must be ignored .

But such a course of action would involve the problem of alternative safe places for the proceeds of sale .
but such a course of action would involve the problem of [other option] safe places for the proceeds of sale .

An alternative view is that the accused is guilty only if he foresaw that he might not be able to redeem the article .
an [other option] view is that the accused is guilty only if he foresaw that he might not be able to redeem the article .

Perhaps there should be a review of possible alternative verdicts under the Theft Acts .
perhaps there should be a review of possible [other option] verdicts under the theft acts .

For example , you could interpret the meanings of events in a narrative , starting with a description of what happens at an apparently realistic level , then interpreting the events as having an alternative , symbolic meaning .
for example , you could interpret the meanings of events in a narrative , starting with a description of what happens at an apparently realistic level , then interpreting the events as having an [other option] , symbolic meaning .

If , on the other hand , the answer is `` no `` , then we eliminate this line of enquiry , and perhaps try one of the alternative classifications of adverts and metaphors we suggested above .
if , on the other hand , the answer is `` no `` , then we eliminate this line of enquiry , and perhaps try one of the [other option] classifications of adverts and metaphors we suggested above .

This could be developed further by defending your assertion against an alternative — a Dickens critic who says that Dickens had an accurate view of these matters — and showing that the alternative view is incorrect , or that the critic provides no supporting evidence ( and so that there is no reason to believe the alternative view ) .
this could be developed further by defending your assertion against an [other option] — a dickens critic who says that dickens had an accurate view of these matters — and showing that the [other option] view is incorrect , or that the critic provides no supporting evidence ( and so that there is no reason to believe the [other option] view ) .

One alternative to such phrases lies in expressions of your own which are intended to convey more genuine , original response , but which within the overall register of academic essay-writing can sound uncritical or even gushing : `` brilliant `` , `` fantastic `` , `` really wonderful `` , `` quite magical `` , `` unbelievably beautiful `` .
one [other option] to such phrases lies in expressions of your own which are intended to convey more genuine , original response , but which within the overall register of academic essay-writing can sound uncritical or even gushing : `` brilliant `` , `` fantastic `` , `` really wonderful `` , `` quite magical `` , `` unbelievably beautiful `` .

In some cases , consulting a thesaurus will offer an alternative .
in some cases , consulting a thesaurus will offer an [other option] .

Finally , some writers alternate `` he `` and `` she `` ( for example , in Open University coursebooks , alternative paragraphs have `` he `` or `` she `` ; and in Sperber and Wilson 's linguistic work , Relevance Theory , the speaker is always referred to as `` she `` — `` s `` for `` speaker `` — and the hearer as `` he `` — `` h `` for `` hearer `` ) .
finally , some writers alternate `` he `` and `` she `` ( for example , in open university coursebooks , [other option] paragraphs have `` he `` or `` she `` ; and in sperber and wilson 's linguistic work , relevance theory , the speaker is always referred to as `` she `` — `` s `` for `` speaker `` — and the hearer as `` he `` — `` h `` for `` hearer `` ) .

Making yourself aware of bias and adopting alternative usages should prevent the tacit presumption by your reader of the white male as a norm .
making yourself aware of bias and adopting [other option] usages should prevent the tacit presumption by your reader of the white male as a norm .

He finds that there are six classes of selection methods with high validity — peer ratings , biodata , ability tests , assessment centres , work sample tests and job knowledge tests , and concludes that ability tests are probably the best alternative because of their high generality , high practicality and low cost .
he finds that there are six classes of selection methods with high validity — peer ratings , biodata , ability tests , assessment centres , work sample tests and job knowledge tests , and concludes that ability tests are probably the best [other option] because of their high generality , high practicality and low cost .

( 1983 ) provides an alternative estimate looking at benefits over 10 years ; the gain was almost $ 8 million this time , allowing for increased costs , taxes and interest .
( 1983 ) provides an [other option] estimate looking at benefits over 10 years ; the gain was almost $ 8 million this time , allowing for increased costs , taxes and interest .

As an alternative , a racking system covered with thermal wraps was developed , which keeps the food hot but completely fresh for up to 30 minutes .
as an [other option] , a racking system covered with thermal wraps was developed , which keeps the food hot but completely fresh for up to 30 minutes .

It not only offers chefs total control in the kitchen , but also has the added advantage of being a more flexible , practical and energy efficient alternative to conventional cookers — points that will please the person responsible for the finances .
it not only offers chefs total control in the kitchen , but also has the added advantage of being a more flexible , practical and energy efficient [other option] to conventional cookers — points that will please the person responsible for the finances .

It is no good offering an alternative cooking means to the traditional methods if the chef is not happy with the equipment or the results it gives .
it is no good offering an [other option] cooking means to the traditional methods if the chef is not happy with the equipment or the results it gives .

The alternative — to ask a native informant for judgements — is also fraught with problems in this case .
the [other option] — to ask a native informant for judgements — is also fraught with problems in this case .

An alternative approach , the one adopted here , is to examine in close detail the types of interaction which involve code switching , and to try to establish a taxonomy on the basis of these .
an [other option] approach , the one adopted here , is to examine in close detail the types of interaction which involve code switching , and to try to establish a taxonomy on the basis of these .

Bertram might be well advised to bring his action in the alternative , under the Act and in common law negligence .
bertram might be well advised to bring his action in the [other option] , under the act and in common law negligence .

Causation in defective product cases works on the basis of showing that the goods were intended to reach the consumer in the form in which they left the manufacturer ( alternative cause ) and that there was no reasonable possibility of intermediate examination .
causation in defective product cases works on the basis of showing that the goods were intended to reach the consumer in the form in which they left the manufacturer ( [other option] cause ) and that there was no reasonable possibility of intermediate examination .

( a ) Alternative cause The manufacturer is only liable for damage caused by his own negligence .
( a ) [other option] cause the manufacturer is only liable for damage caused by his own negligence .

If the product has been assembled , checked or altered , then this may provide an alternative explanation for the defect .
if the product has been assembled , checked or altered , then this may provide an [other option] explanation for the defect .

It is normal for actions in such cases to be pleaded in the alternative .
it is normal for actions in such cases to be pleaded in the [other option] .

This is an alternative to an action and no action can be maintained while there is distraint of the chattel .
this is an [other option] to an action and no action can be maintained while there is distraint of the chattel .

In this founding era , de Gaulle gradually gathered soldiers and civilians to his standard , transformed his improvised organization into an alternative state , with its own bureaucracy and armed forces , headed off efforts to replace him as Free France 's leader , and emerged as the symbolic head of all French resisters , inside as well as outside France .
in this founding era , de gaulle gradually gathered soldiers and civilians to his standard , transformed his improvised organization into an [other option] state , with its own bureaucracy and armed forces , headed off efforts to replace him as free france 's leader , and emerged as the symbolic head of all french resisters , inside as well as outside france .

Operation Torch — the American invasion of French North Africa in November 1942 — was the culmination of Allied attempts to exclude de Gaulle and to promote a viable alternative to Gaullism .
operation torch — the american invasion of french north africa in november 1942 — was the culmination of allied attempts to exclude de gaulle and to promote a viable [other option] to gaullism .

He had been compelled to step outside all hierarchy , political or military , and improvise an alternative state , whose legitimacy was indissociable from his own legitimacy .
he had been compelled to step outside all hierarchy , political or military , and improvise an [other option] state , whose legitimacy was indissociable from his own legitimacy .

Once he was in power , this alternative view would argue , his policies were more consistent with a belief that it was still feasible to salvage some kind of organic link between France and Algeria than with a belief in the inevitability of complete rupture .
once he was in power , this [other option] view would argue , his policies were more consistent with a belief that it was still feasible to salvage some kind of organic link between france and algeria than with a belief in the inevitability of complete rupture .

Consigning the Council of Ministers to this dignified but pro forma role created the need for an alternative forum in which to discuss and coordinate policy .
consigning the council of ministers to this dignified but pro forma role created the need for an [other option] forum in which to discuss and coordinate policy .

The constitution had provided for such an alternative — the Cabinet Council in which ministers met without the president under the chairmanship of the prime minister .
the constitution had provided for such an [other option] — the cabinet council in which ministers met without the president under the chairmanship of the prime minister .

‘ General SVQs are a real alternative to Highers , offering progression to HNCs , and then on to HNDs and degrees .
‘ general svqs are a real [other option] to highers , offering progression to hncs , and then on to hnds and degrees .

An alternative approach is offered by Grinols ( 1984 ) .
an [other option] approach is offered by grinols ( 1984 ) .

Thus , in comparing alternative economic structures the most efficient is defined as the one that generates the greatest total surplus , where that total surplus is the sum of consumers ' and producers ' surplus .
thus , in comparing [other option] economic structures the most efficient is defined as the one that generates the greatest total surplus , where that total surplus is the sum of consumers ' and producers ' surplus .

This is not the place to explore the many alternative theories of the firm , but it might be worth noting that , for example , the theory of sales revenue maximisation ( Baumol 1959 ) assumes that managers pursue the objective of maximising revenue rather than profits .
this is not the place to explore the many [other option] theories of the firm , but it might be worth noting that , for example , the theory of sales revenue maximisation ( baumol 1959 ) assumes that managers pursue the objective of maximising revenue rather than profits .

Alternative policy approaches
[other option] policy approaches

In the section on alternative policy approaches , an economic rationale was shown to underpin monopoly and competition policies .
in the section on [other option] policy approaches , an economic rationale was shown to underpin monopoly and competition policies .

( 3 ) Where daily attendance or normal attendance in accordance with sub-paragraphs ( 1 ) ( a ) or ( 1 ) ( b ) of this rule is prevented by illness , accident or other sufficient or unforeseen cause for a prolonged period , suitable alternative arrangements shall be made without delay to ensure compliance .
( 3 ) where daily attendance or normal attendance in accordance with sub-paragraphs ( 1 ) ( a ) or ( 1 ) ( b ) of this rule is prevented by illness , accident or other sufficient or unforeseen cause for a prolonged period , suitable [other option] arrangements shall be made without delay to ensure compliance .

An alternative — The Service Company
an [other option] — the service company

As well as kinder practices at parish level there was a more marked emphasis by reformers on finding alternative methods of helping the poor , for example in facilitating the setting up of friendly societies , the most popular vehicle for self-help .
as well as kinder practices at parish level there was a more marked emphasis by reformers on finding [other option] methods of helping the poor , for example in facilitating the setting up of friendly societies , the most popular vehicle for self-help .

There is , for most of the century , no simple suggestion of a dominant class resisting a popular culture and attempting to supplant it with a preferred alternative , but rather a willingness not only to tolerate it but to accept a functional involvement .
there is , for most of the century , no simple suggestion of a dominant class resisting a popular culture and attempting to supplant it with a preferred [other option] , but rather a willingness not only to tolerate it but to accept a functional involvement .

So well organised in support of their pay were the highly skilled journeymen calico printers in the late eighteenth century that even before the advent of machine printing de-skilled them , some employers turned to alternative methods of patterning cloths which used cheaper female and child labour .
so well organised in support of their pay were the highly skilled journeymen calico printers in the late eighteenth century that even before the advent of machine printing de-skilled them , some employers turned to [other option] methods of patterning cloths which used cheaper female and child labour .

This method was considered so cost-effective that some firms continued to employ it even when machine printing offered an alternative way of evading skilled men 's wages .
this method was considered so cost-effective that some firms continued to employ it even when machine printing offered an [other option] way of evading skilled men 's wages .

Erman and Lesser point out one potential advantage of island driving over left-to-right strategies : when more than one initial island is correct this should increase the probability of finding the correct spanning interpretation , since each island represents an alternative possible derivation of the interpretation .
erman and lesser point out one potential advantage of island driving over left-to-right strategies : when more than one initial island is correct this should increase the probability of finding the correct spanning interpretation , since each island represents an [other option] possible derivation of the interpretation .

It is also economical in terms of processing since partial interpretations are computed only once , and can be returned to if an alternative interpretation fails further down the line , thus guaranteeing that all possible parses are found .
it is also economical in terms of processing since partial interpretations are computed only once , and can be returned to if an [other option] interpretation fails further down the line , thus guaranteeing that all possible parses are found .

Alternative pathways at one level of description can be filtered hierarchically through attempts to build pathways at the next higher level .
[other option] pathways at one level of description can be filtered hierarchically through attempts to build pathways at the next higher level .

An alternative to encoding word-boundary assimilations in the lexicon itself , is to try to find primitive units which are less sensitive to such effects .
an [other option] to encoding word-boundary assimilations in the lexicon itself , is to try to find primitive units which are less sensitive to such effects .

Firstly , alternative pronunciations of the same word are not distinguished in the lexicon from pronunciations of different words .
firstly , [other option] pronunciations of the same word are not distinguished in the lexicon from pronunciations of different words .

If the graph is output from the acoustic front-end it will contain alternative segmentations and labellings .
if the graph is output from the acoustic front-end it will contain [other option] segmentations and labellings .

An example of one of the unstressed phonemic utterances which produced just under 16,000 alternative word-strings is given below .
an example of one of the unstressed phonemic utterances which produced just under 16,000 [other option] word-strings is given below .

If , as this example suggests , partial word strings of more than two words are necessary to guarantee selection of the correct word-string , then the number of alternative partial word strings that has to be considered at any one time will increase correspondingly , particularly when words are hypothesized from a mid-class input .
if , as this example suggests , partial word strings of more than two words are necessary to guarantee selection of the correct word-string , then the number of [other option] partial word strings that has to be considered at any one time will increase correspondingly , particularly when words are hypothesized from a mid-class input .

An alternative means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .
an [other option] means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .

The results in Table 7.2 clearly show a reduction in the number of word-paths for all sets ; however there were also many utterances for which the correct word-path was not included as one of the alternative word-paths ( Table 7.3 ) .
the results in table 7.2 clearly show a reduction in the number of word-paths for all sets ; however there were also many utterances for which the correct word-path was not included as one of the [other option] word-paths ( table 7.3 ) .

The correct word-path is excluded from many mid and mixed utterances because an alternative parsing into a long word is preferred .
the correct word-path is excluded from many mid and mixed utterances because an [other option] parsing into a long word is preferred .

However , as we have seen in the previous section , there may be an alternative explanation for the breadth-first behaviour .
however , as we have seen in the previous section , there may be an [other option] explanation for the breadth-first behaviour .

It must be noted that the syntactic filter would first add complexity to the search space by providing alternative syntactic tags for certain lexical items .
it must be noted that the syntactic filter would first add complexity to the search space by providing [other option] syntactic tags for certain lexical items .

As an alternative to damages , an account of profits may be available and this may be more advantageous to the plaintiff , especially if the defendant has made substantial profit from his use of the information .
as an [other option] to damages , an account of profits may be available and this may be more advantageous to the plaintiff , especially if the defendant has made substantial profit from his use of the information .

Two alternative approaches have been made to the question of the patent protection of inventions which include a computer program .
two [other option] approaches have been made to the question of the patent protection of inventions which include a computer program .

An account of profits may be available as an alternative to damages .
an account of profits may be available as an [other option] to damages .

Although a patent is a very powerful form of intellectual property , it is worth considering whether the invention involved can be kept secret indefinitely as an alternative to seeking a patent .
although a patent is a very powerful form of intellectual property , it is worth considering whether the invention involved can be kept secret indefinitely as an [other option] to seeking a patent .

Where only one sponsor is required , alternative sponsors should be sought on at least an annual basis ;
where only one sponsor is required , [other option] sponsors should be sought on at least an annual basis ;

An unquizzical synthesis of the fabliaux `` explicit morals produces at best an alternative moral scheme to that which was conventional in the Christian Middle Ages — and is still , largely , conventional today ; a scheme that various critics have described either as the morality of efficacy , the liberation of the instinct , a morality of pleasure , hedonistic materialism , or pragmatic warnings of the need to avoid deception and the promise or threat of retributive justice .
an unquizzical synthesis of the fabliaux `` explicit morals produces at best an [other option] moral scheme to that which was conventional in the christian middle ages — and is still , largely , conventional today ; a scheme that various critics have described either as the morality of efficacy , the liberation of the instinct , a morality of pleasure , hedonistic materialism , or pragmatic warnings of the need to avoid deception and the promise or threat of retributive justice .

An alternative conventional definition of pornography is that it is art designed to excite and to some degree to satisfy sexual arousal .
an [other option] conventional definition of pornography is that it is art designed to excite and to some degree to satisfy sexual arousal .

In terms of worker participation three alternative options are available to a European Company ; a German model with workers represented on the management bodies ; the Franco–Italian system of a works council separate from the management board ; and the Swedish model , under which individual firms establish an agreement on participation with the workers .
in terms of worker participation three [other option] options are available to a european company ; a german model with workers represented on the management bodies ; the franco–italian system of a works council separate from the management board ; and the swedish model , under which individual firms establish an agreement on participation with the workers .

If you are among the few unlucky ones and would like to try an alternative attack — please get in touch with me .
if you are among the few unlucky ones and would like to try an [other option] attack — please get in touch with me .

divisible by two or four , have an alternative plan in case someone falls sick .
divisible by two or four , have an [other option] plan in case someone falls sick .

The alternative to Joos 's view is that the two editions of the infinitive are variants .
the [other option] to joos 's view is that the two editions of the infinitive are variants .

If Casaubon had in mind something more precise than an alternative to the disguised Machiavellianism of the contemporary Tacitists , he did not make it clear .
if casaubon had in mind something more precise than an [other option] to the disguised machiavellianism of the contemporary tacitists , he did not make it clear .

Few White Harts and Wild Boars now fail to offer a vegetarian alternative .
few white harts and wild boars now fail to offer a vegetarian [other option] .

Add to tomato juice for a piquant alternative to Worcestershire sauce or sprinkle it on corn on the cob before baking or barbecuing .
add to tomato juice for a piquant [other option] to worcestershire sauce or sprinkle it on corn on the cob before baking or barbecuing .

This creamy pâté makes a nice alternative to the usual cheese and egg sandwich fillings .
this creamy pâté makes a nice [other option] to the usual cheese and egg sandwich fillings .

Finding a hot and filling breakfast that 's acceptable during the eight days of the Passover is n't easy . Leavened bread and cereal are both forbidden , so this recipe is a delicious , comforting alternative — much too good and fattening to eat all year round , though !
finding a hot and filling breakfast that 's acceptable during the eight days of the passover is n't easy . leavened bread and cereal are both forbidden , so this recipe is a delicious , comforting [other option] — much too good and fattening to eat all year round , though !

The short answer is : a superior alternative to the contemporary world and the situation of Germany in it .
the short answer is : a superior [other option] to the contemporary world and the situation of germany in it .

They might , as we have suggested , feel confident of some ability between their own world of ideas and the Greeks ' , and so think themselves particularly well equipped to explore this alternative .
they might , as we have suggested , feel confident of some ability between their own world of ideas and the greeks ' , and so think themselves particularly well equipped to explore this [other option] .

But these are individual writers or thinkers responding to , and making use of , ancient Greece for their own individual purposes ; whereas in the earlier period there was the constant hope , at least , of something more , something evoked by such of our phrases as `` quest for perfection `` , `` superior alternative to the present `` , `` blueprint for the German nation `` .
but these are individual writers or thinkers responding to , and making use of , ancient greece for their own individual purposes ; whereas in the earlier period there was the constant hope , at least , of something more , something evoked by such of our phrases as `` quest for perfection `` , `` superior [other option] to the present `` , `` blueprint for the german nation `` .

What he envisaged was an access of `` philosophical `` seriousness : the positive alternative to a discredited status quo was `` Schopenhauerian `` . ``
what he envisaged was an access of `` philosophical `` seriousness : the positive [other option] to a discredited status quo was `` schopenhauerian `` . ``

For the time being , his dissent from `` traditional aesthetics `` was very much a matter of finding his way among various alternative sets of ideas .
for the time being , his dissent from `` traditional aesthetics `` was very much a matter of finding his way among various [other option] sets of ideas .

Firstly , we must distinguish what may be said and what must be said ; and secondly , in what must be said we must distinguish the unique forms from alternative ones .
firstly , we must distinguish what may be said and what must be said ; and secondly , in what must be said we must distinguish the unique forms from [other option] ones .

Information as used in communication studies refers to the range of possible alternative words which could occur in a certain position in speech .
information as used in communication studies refers to the range of possible [other option] words which could occur in a certain position in speech .

Balcha now had no alternative but to surrender to Ras Tafari who , with characteristic magnanimity , spared his life ; as to whether he ordered Balcha to enter a monastery or banished him to his estates in the Gurage country , accounts differ .
balcha now had no [other option] but to surrender to ras tafari who , with characteristic magnanimity , spared his life ; as to whether he ordered balcha to enter a monastery or banished him to his estates in the gurage country , accounts differ .

It would thus appear that low usage was not problematic and that rather than seeking to make improvements , user instruction was the best alternative .
it would thus appear that low usage was not problematic and that rather than seeking to make improvements , user instruction was the best [other option] .

It would seem that perhaps browsing at the shelves should not be considered as an alternative to catalogue use ; instead browsing support at the catalogue could bee seen as perhaps improving retrieval effectiveness at the shelves by providing direction or orientation through navigational aids .
it would seem that perhaps browsing at the shelves should not be considered as an [other option] to catalogue use ; instead browsing support at the catalogue could bee seen as perhaps improving retrieval effectiveness at the shelves by providing direction or orientation through navigational aids .

Even if the query matches the system 's language , high positionings may occur and again the user is left to adopt an alternative strategy and narrow the search with a new specification .
even if the query matches the system 's language , high positionings may occur and again the user is left to adopt an [other option] strategy and narrow the search with a new specification .

Although browsing may be considered as an alternative to the matching approach provided by keyword searching , in the online context it is equivalent to browsing the system 's indexes and as such it is of limited value .
although browsing may be considered as an [other option] to the matching approach provided by keyword searching , in the online context it is equivalent to browsing the system 's indexes and as such it is of limited value .

The alternative is to have a number of separate manilla folders with loose sheets in .
the [other option] is to have a number of separate manilla folders with loose sheets in .

Since we are unlikely to find the best definition we should try defining the problem in alternative ways .
since we are unlikely to find the best definition we should try defining the problem in [other option] ways .

alternative objectives 92
[other option] objectives 92

Military commanders find it essential to have alternative objectives .
military commanders find it essential to have [other option] objectives .

In contrast , business corporations find it very hard to have alternative objectives .
in contrast , business corporations find it very hard to have [other option] objectives .

If competitors and circumstances are regarded as the `` enemy `` then It makes as much sense for a corporation to have alternative objectives as it does for a military commander .
if competitors and circumstances are regarded as the `` enemy `` then it makes as much sense for a corporation to have [other option] objectives as it does for a military commander .

For example in the house buying case there could have been an alternative priority that the price must be low enough to allow some of the finance available to be spent on modifications .
for example in the house buying case there could have been an [other option] priority that the price must be low enough to allow some of the finance available to be spent on modifications .

`` At this point is there any alternative ? ``
`` at this point is there any [other option] ? ``

We need alternative plans of action .
we need [other option] plans of action .

We need alternative ways of looking at things .
we need [other option] ways of looking at things .

We may need alternative explanations or interpretations .
we may need [other option] explanations or interpretations .

We may need to find alternative means achieve some end .
we may need to find [other option] means achieve some end .

It is not a matter of looking for an alternative when the present answer or proposal is unsatisfactory .
it is not a matter of looking for an [other option] when the present answer or proposal is unsatisfactory .

We do not choose the best alternative but the one we can best do something about .
we do not choose the best [other option] but the one we can best do something about .

They should consider alternative courses of action which might remove the cause of the request , e.g :
they should consider [other option] courses of action which might remove the cause of the request , e.g :

The use of a biliary endoprosthesis has been proposed as an alternative approach for patients at high risk for surgery .
the use of a biliary endoprosthesis has been proposed as an [other option] approach for patients at high risk for surgery .

The alternative view that the intestinal lymphoma developed as a primary event two years before presentation seems possible in view of the indolent nature of the disease and subsequent findings .
the [other option] view that the intestinal lymphoma developed as a primary event two years before presentation seems possible in view of the indolent nature of the disease and subsequent findings .

An alternative method of assessing the possibility of duodenogastric reflux is the Fuchs discriminative score .
an [other option] method of assessing the possibility of duodenogastric reflux is the fuchs discriminative score .

An alternative hypothesis is that our observed effect on proliferation may be a non-genomic effect , possibly related to calcium ion transport ( as suggested by the presence of cytosolic calcium binding proteins in the colonic mucosa of short bowel syndrome ) or to a post-receptor binding effect .
an [other option] hypothesis is that our observed effect on proliferation may be a non-genomic effect , possibly related to calcium ion transport ( as suggested by the presence of cytosolic calcium binding proteins in the colonic mucosa of short bowel syndrome ) or to a post-receptor binding effect .

An alternative hypothesis has been proposed , based on the observation that these ‘ hyper ’ choleretic bile acids are excreted by the liver partly in an unconjugated form .
an [other option] hypothesis has been proposed , based on the observation that these ‘ hyper ’ choleretic bile acids are excreted by the liver partly in an unconjugated form .

Ulcers induced by a deliberate state of hypersecretion , such as the histamine in beeswax model , can not be expected to reveal any new insights into alternative mechanisms .
ulcers induced by a deliberate state of hypersecretion , such as the histamine in beeswax model , can not be expected to reveal any new insights into [other option] mechanisms .

Cysteamine has been used to induce ulcer and , although an alternative to other models , the cysteamine ulcer could not accurately represent human chronic duodenal ulcer .
cysteamine has been used to induce ulcer and , although an [other option] to other models , the cysteamine ulcer could not accurately represent human chronic duodenal ulcer .

Nevertheless , this was only achieved as a consequence of complex and sophisticated technology inappropriate to the management of a common condition for which there are simpler alternative treatments .
nevertheless , this was only achieved as a consequence of complex and sophisticated technology inappropriate to the management of a common condition for which there are simpler [other option] treatments .

Hence , if stripping of the anal mucosa with encoanal anastomosis is used in older patients , we think that it is more likely to lead to lower anal pressures and faecal leakage after operation than the technically simpler alternative of end to end anastomosis .
hence , if stripping of the anal mucosa with encoanal anastomosis is used in older patients , we think that it is more likely to lead to lower anal pressures and faecal leakage after operation than the technically simpler [other option] of end to end anastomosis .

5-Aminosalicylic acid was used as the alternative treatment because it is one of the most effective topical treatments available .
5-aminosalicylic acid was used as the [other option] treatment because it is one of the most effective topical treatments available .

An alternative might be interference with bacterial adhesion by pathogenic Escherichia coli , which have abnormal adherence in ulcerative colitis .
an [other option] might be interference with bacterial adhesion by pathogenic escherichia coli , which have abnormal adherence in ulcerative colitis .

Measurement of the urine alkaline tide as an index of gastric acid output , has been proposed as a non-invasive alternative to conventional gastric secretion studies .
measurement of the urine alkaline tide as an index of gastric acid output , has been proposed as a non-invasive [other option] to conventional gastric secretion studies .

Recent evidence has suggested that colonic neoplasm may be missed in patients presenting with iron deficiency anaemia unless colonic investigations are performed on all patients even when an alternative cause has been found .
recent evidence has suggested that colonic neoplasm may be missed in patients presenting with iron deficiency anaemia unless colonic investigations are performed on all patients even when an [other option] cause has been found .

Thus the routine assessment of the colon in outpatients when an alternative cause for anaemia has been found must be questioned , especially in younger patients without a family history or previous colonic polyps .
thus the routine assessment of the colon in outpatients when an [other option] cause for anaemia has been found must be questioned , especially in younger patients without a family history or previous colonic polyps .

Endoscopic retrograde stone extraction was a possible alternative , although difficulties in cannulating the cystic duct and a high risk of sphincterotomy because of complicated Crohn 's disease were to be expected .
endoscopic retrograde stone extraction was a possible [other option] , although difficulties in cannulating the cystic duct and a high risk of sphincterotomy because of complicated crohn 's disease were to be expected .

These findings suggest that systemic chemotherapy may be equally successful in treating isolated primary oesophageal lymphoma , thus offering an alternative for those patients in whom local treatment is contraindicated .
these findings suggest that systemic chemotherapy may be equally successful in treating isolated primary oesophageal lymphoma , thus offering an [other option] for those patients in whom local treatment is contraindicated .

An alternative secretory pathway , the constitutive route , takes material direct from the Golgi to the cell surface , is present in all cells , and is unregulated in the sense that exocytosis is not controlled by external factors .
an [other option] secretory pathway , the constitutive route , takes material direct from the golgi to the cell surface , is present in all cells , and is unregulated in the sense that exocytosis is not controlled by external factors .

An alternative explanation is that liver disease itself might be a major factor but we have not found high pitted red cell counts in patients with chronic active hepatitis or primary biliary cirrhosis ( Muller and Toghill , unpublished observations ) .
an [other option] explanation is that liver disease itself might be a major factor but we have not found high pitted red cell counts in patients with chronic active hepatitis or primary biliary cirrhosis ( muller and toghill , unpublished observations ) .

Others prefer primary surgical intervention , assuming a high risk of recurrence , and see primary endoscopic treatment as an alternative in patients with a high operative risk only .
others prefer primary surgical intervention , assuming a high risk of recurrence , and see primary endoscopic treatment as an [other option] in patients with a high operative risk only .

Endoscopic biliary drainage using large plastic stents , is an alternative to surgery in the management of these patients , and can rapidly resolve cholestasis , jaundice , and cholangitis .
endoscopic biliary drainage using large plastic stents , is an [other option] to surgery in the management of these patients , and can rapidly resolve cholestasis , jaundice , and cholangitis .

Accordingly , it is reasonable to continue the search for alternative treatments that provide equivalent or better results with lower morbidity .
accordingly , it is reasonable to continue the search for [other option] treatments that provide equivalent or better results with lower morbidity .

For example , environmental considerations have prompted the company to embark upon a halon replacement programme resulting in a range of alternative systems .
for example , environmental considerations have prompted the company to embark upon a halon replacement programme resulting in a range of [other option] systems .

a precarious alternative
a precarious [other option]

alternative , it made the rest of you look orange .
[other option] , it made the rest of you look orange .

Real life , he had read somewhere , had moved inland to the North Lanes , the ‘ alternative ’ Brighton around Gardner and Upper Gardner Streets , Kensington Street and Regent Street .
real life , he had read somewhere , had moved inland to the north lanes , the ‘ [other option] ’ brighton around gardner and upper gardner streets , kensington street and regent street .

This limitation forces the investor to accept the level of market risk and the only ways in which this can be avoided are to select defensive ( low beta ) securities or to move out of the equities market into alternative investments or to reduce the market influence by combining equities with the risk-free asset .
this limitation forces the investor to accept the level of market risk and the only ways in which this can be avoided are to select defensive ( low beta ) securities or to move out of the equities market into [other option] investments or to reduce the market influence by combining equities with the risk-free asset .

However , given the comparatively low-cost alternative to underwriting deep discount issues — the insistence of corporate financial officers on using underwriters suggests some traditional but illogical practice which is not going to change overnight .
however , given the comparatively low-cost [other option] to underwriting deep discount issues — the insistence of corporate financial officers on using underwriters suggests some traditional but illogical practice which is not going to change overnight .

It is axiomatic that dividends have to be financed and if funds are used to pay shareholders it may be that alternative sources of capital must be tapped to provide for the investment policy .
it is axiomatic that dividends have to be financed and if funds are used to pay shareholders it may be that [other option] sources of capital must be tapped to provide for the investment policy .

An alternative to making yield calculations based on average life is to make them based on equivalent life .
an [other option] to making yield calculations based on average life is to make them based on equivalent life .

As an alternative to the two-dimensional representation depicted in Fig. 5.4 , we can construct a three-dimensional yield plane of coupon against yield to maturity against term to maturity ( see Fig. 5.5 ) .
as an [other option] to the two-dimensional representation depicted in fig. 5.4 , we can construct a three-dimensional yield plane of coupon against yield to maturity against term to maturity ( see fig. 5.5 ) .

The spot yield for a particular term to maturity is the same as the yield on a zero-coupon bond of the same maturity ( hence the alternative name ) .
the spot yield for a particular term to maturity is the same as the yield on a zero-coupon bond of the same maturity ( hence the [other option] name ) .

This provides an alternative explanation for the humped yield curve .
this provides an [other option] explanation for the humped yield curve .

The alternative to event risk protection is to secure the bonds against the firm 's assets .
the [other option] to event risk protection is to secure the bonds against the firm 's assets .

But before discussing dividend policy , we will examine an alternative theory of share evaluation , namely that based on expected earnings .
but before discussing dividend policy , we will examine an [other option] theory of share evaluation , namely that based on expected earnings .

Substituting ( 6.31 ) into ( 6.27 ) provides an alternative formula for the fair share price : .
substituting ( 6.31 ) into ( 6.27 ) provides an [other option] formula for the fair share price : .

An alternative way to value the levered firm is to use ( 6.53 ) : .
an [other option] way to value the levered firm is to use ( 6.53 ) : .

The alternative event resulting from decision 1 is that the project fails .
the [other option] event resulting from decision 1 is that the project fails .

Each member is encouraged to speculate on alternative methods of performing the functions at lower cost .
each member is encouraged to speculate on [other option] methods of performing the functions at lower cost .

An alternative is to break the overall requirement down into elements that can be defined by activity rather than result .
an [other option] is to break the overall requirement down into elements that can be defined by activity rather than result .

The alternative path a-d , by just reaching the higher side of the cusp , leads to a high level of success .
the [other option] path a-d , by just reaching the higher side of the cusp , leads to a high level of success .

Representatives from 103 countries which are parties to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) are still deeply split , but alternative proposals are being canvassed to prevent a confrontation .
representatives from 103 countries which are parties to the convention on international trade in endangered species ( cites ) are still deeply split , but [other option] proposals are being canvassed to prevent a confrontation .

Until last year , Longchamp was the only place to be , but now Phoenix Park in Dublin , where the Cartier Million will be staged for the second time tomorrow , provides a tempting alternative .
until last year , longchamp was the only place to be , but now phoenix park in dublin , where the cartier million will be staged for the second time tomorrow , provides a tempting [other option] .

The favoured alternative is to base the share of vote on the value of membership fees by which unions and constituency parties respectively affiliate .
the favoured [other option] is to base the share of vote on the value of membership fees by which unions and constituency parties respectively affiliate .

Mr Gilchrist said the second alternative would be to impose a levy — linked to profits — on lawyers who did only privately paid work , to subsidise those who did legal aid work .
mr gilchrist said the second [other option] would be to impose a levy — linked to profits — on lawyers who did only privately paid work , to subsidise those who did legal aid work .

Apart from First-past-the-post , the main majority systems are the Second Ballot ( used in French parliamentary elections ) , and the Alternative Vote ( used in Australia ) .
apart from first-past-the-post , the main majority systems are the second ballot ( used in french parliamentary elections ) , and the [other option] vote ( used in australia ) .

Under the Alternative Vote voters mark their ballot papers in order of preference — first preference with a figure ‘ 1 ’ , second with a figure ‘ 2 ’ , and so on .
under the [other option] vote voters mark their ballot papers in order of preference — first preference with a figure ‘ 1 ’ , second with a figure ‘ 2 ’ , and so on .

Voters therefore list candidates according to preference , as with the alternative vote — but their vote transfers according to a different principle .
voters therefore list candidates according to preference , as with the [other option] vote — but their vote transfers according to a different principle .

Mr Blunkett said the party was refining an alternative which would be fair between people and between areas .
mr blunkett said the party was refining an [other option] which would be fair between people and between areas .

Yet they see nothing inconsistent with objecting to a well-engineered nuclear waste disposal plant which is clearly necessary to dispose safely of irradiated material already created ; or to properly regulated high-combustion chemical waste disposal plants that are the only alternative ( unless we get rid of the chemical industry ) to toxic wastes being dumped surreptitiously in some field or on some beach .
yet they see nothing inconsistent with objecting to a well-engineered nuclear waste disposal plant which is clearly necessary to dispose safely of irradiated material already created ; or to properly regulated high-combustion chemical waste disposal plants that are the only [other option] ( unless we get rid of the chemical industry ) to toxic wastes being dumped surreptitiously in some field or on some beach .

Two or three European car makers — possibly including Peugeot of France - are still understood to be discussing alternative rescue packages with Jaguar .
two or three european car makers — possibly including peugeot of france - are still understood to be discussing [other option] rescue packages with jaguar .

Rates at the current 7.5 to 8 per cent make cash a much better alternative than it was before .
rates at the current 7.5 to 8 per cent make cash a much better [other option] than it was before .

They say the nearest alternative school is too far away and has a poor reputation .
they say the nearest [other option] school is too far away and has a poor reputation .

This has not led us to adopt the nominalist alternative .
this has not led us to adopt the nominalist [other option] .

There is , after all , the alternative theory that species represent different stable states of living matter , just as the chemical elements are different stable states of non-living matter .
there is , after all , the [other option] theory that species represent different stable states of living matter , just as the chemical elements are different stable states of non-living matter .

The preformationist view may just be tenable by a believer in the Garden of Eden : an evolutionary biologist must reject it , and accept the alternative ‘ epigenetic ’ view , that there is a genuine increase in spatial complexity during development .
the preformationist view may just be tenable by a believer in the garden of eden : an evolutionary biologist must reject it , and accept the [other option] ‘ epigenetic ’ view , that there is a genuine increase in spatial complexity during development .

He saw that the alternative was to suppose that cells become different because they are exposed to different external influences .
he saw that the [other option] was to suppose that cells become different because they are exposed to different external influences .

The problem for the Hamiltons was that there was an obvious alternative .
the problem for the hamiltons was that there was an obvious [other option] .

There seemed little alternative , with a woman whose reaction to them was to tolerate — and to laugh .
there seemed little [other option] , with a woman whose reaction to them was to tolerate — and to laugh .

The political situation still gave them no alternative to the regent 's French policy .
the political situation still gave them no [other option] to the regent 's french policy .

He felt ‘ their day is nearly over ’ and recommended alternative styles .
he felt ‘ their day is nearly over ’ and recommended [other option] styles .

And yet if you want properly to hear a Prom there is often little alternative but to stay at home with the radio transmission , so wretched are the acoustics in large areas of the Royal Albert Hall .
and yet if you want properly to hear a prom there is often little [other option] but to stay at home with the radio transmission , so wretched are the acoustics in large areas of the royal albert hall .

Reciprocal movement can be suggested by constructions that offer alternative paths .
reciprocal movement can be suggested by constructions that offer [other option] paths .

The alternative distribution programme on a plane , the spiral , requires a minimum of five events for its spiral form to become evident .
the [other option] distribution programme on a plane , the spiral , requires a minimum of five events for its spiral form to become evident .

It was with such proclamations that the Cubists confirmed our lurch into the twentieth century and confronted us with the sometimes harsh realities that are alternative to the Renaissance view of mankind and certainly far removed from the elegances of Art Nouveau , Tiffany 's , the Moulin Rouge and the Paris Métro . Even so , they are not unrelated …
it was with such proclamations that the cubists confirmed our lurch into the twentieth century and confronted us with the sometimes harsh realities that are [other option] to the renaissance view of mankind and certainly far removed from the elegances of art nouveau , tiffany 's , the moulin rouge and the paris métro . even so , they are not unrelated …

Sometimes alternative configurations are formed by either fundamental or local minima .
sometimes [other option] configurations are formed by either fundamental or local minima .

Others , perhaps with greater foresight , wanted the strike to be continued until they had created an acceptable alternative political structure .
others , perhaps with greater foresight , wanted the strike to be continued until they had created an acceptable [other option] political structure .

Or , as an alternative , he would collapse on the ground — stricken with colic !
or , as an [other option] , he would collapse on the ground — stricken with colic !

If you are running a rally aimed at inspiring and motivating people , do n't start by having them arrive in a strange city to find the car park full , the nearest suitable alternative two miles away and no taxis available because it 's Sunday evening and pouring with rain .
if you are running a rally aimed at inspiring and motivating people , do n't start by having them arrive in a strange city to find the car park full , the nearest suitable [other option] two miles away and no taxis available because it 's sunday evening and pouring with rain .

The alternative was death within as little as eight months .
the [other option] was death within as little as eight months .

To return to my burglary , it became possible to make alternative arrangements : to let family members know and to replace the presents with other things made available by other people or by just acknowledging that they would be replaced when the insurance money came through !
to return to my burglary , it became possible to make [other option] arrangements : to let family members know and to replace the presents with other things made available by other people or by just acknowledging that they would be replaced when the insurance money came through !

They may include sentences like the following which are all taken from The Alternative Service Book , the revised , modern language prayer book .
they may include sentences like the following which are all taken from the [other option] service book , the revised , modern language prayer book .

Although , as we have seen , it is possible to step outside this framework , and find an alternative that seems to fit the life style of the person who has died better than a traditional church funeral , in practice it is extremely difficult to do this .
although , as we have seen , it is possible to step outside this framework , and find an [other option] that seems to fit the life style of the person who has died better than a traditional church funeral , in practice it is extremely difficult to do this .

For these reasons it seems that it is not so much that people are making more of a fuss about bereavement these days but rather that the traditional ways of coping with it are not readily available , so that alternative ways of supporting people have to be found .
for these reasons it seems that it is not so much that people are making more of a fuss about bereavement these days but rather that the traditional ways of coping with it are not readily available , so that [other option] ways of supporting people have to be found .

They collected sayings of Jesus shaped to fit their own interpretation ( as in the Coptic Gospel of Thomas ) , and offered their adherents an alternative or rival form of Christianity .
they collected sayings of jesus shaped to fit their own interpretation ( as in the coptic gospel of thomas ) , and offered their adherents an [other option] or rival form of christianity .

That there is no popular opposition is testimony not only to how successful they have been , but also to the fact that there appears to be simply no desirable alternative : the British just do not like their politicians enough to want them made head of state .
that there is no popular opposition is testimony not only to how successful they have been , but also to the fact that there appears to be simply no desirable [other option] : the british just do not like their politicians enough to want them made head of state .

If none of this additional information interests you , an excellent alternative is to read the labels on the foods you already buy to find their content and nutrition value .
if none of this additional information interests you , an excellent [other option] is to read the labels on the foods you already buy to find their content and nutrition value .

The short answer is that it connoted a radical alternative to the state , an image of statelessness which was a partial , nostalgic and polemical distillation of history .
the short answer is that it connoted a radical [other option] to the state , an image of statelessness which was a partial , nostalgic and polemical distillation of history .

Segmentary ideas entailed a view of justice and equality , of freedom , which was a radical alternative to that of the Libyan government .
segmentary ideas entailed a view of justice and equality , of freedom , which was a radical [other option] to that of the libyan government .

— a terrible sacrifice — but no amount of lonely pacing could throw up any alternative in his mind .
— a terrible sacrifice — but no amount of lonely pacing could throw up any [other option] in his mind .

But a distaste for gossip should not be construed as a total reluctance to express the truth about another person 's behaviour when no possible alternative exists as a way of defending myself .
but a distaste for gossip should not be construed as a total reluctance to express the truth about another person 's behaviour when no possible [other option] exists as a way of defending myself .

‘ But a distaste for gossip ' , he read , glinting with agreement , ‘ should not be construed as a total reluctance to express the truth about another person 's behaviour when no possible alternative exists as a way of defending myself .
‘ but a distaste for gossip ' , he read , glinting with agreement , ‘ should not be construed as a total reluctance to express the truth about another person 's behaviour when no possible [other option] exists as a way of defending myself .

‘ Have we some alternative ? ’
‘ have we some [other option] ? ’

During the campaign , he was put out to grass with three old political warhorses , Denis Healey , Norman Tebbit and Roy Jenkins , who provided a rather genial breakfast-time alternative to the Old Devils .
during the campaign , he was put out to grass with three old political warhorses , denis healey , norman tebbit and roy jenkins , who provided a rather genial breakfast-time [other option] to the old devils .

‘ We do not believe there is a realistic alternative .
‘ we do not believe there is a realistic [other option] .

If , after almost 10 years of revisionism , of U-turns on nuclear weapons , devolution , the European Community , state ownership , trade unions , the sale of council houses and more , Labour is still unelectable , is it now time or even overdue for Labour to pull up its roots and die , making room for an acceptable alternative to another decade of Conservative rule ?
if , after almost 10 years of revisionism , of u-turns on nuclear weapons , devolution , the european community , state ownership , trade unions , the sale of council houses and more , labour is still unelectable , is it now time or even overdue for labour to pull up its roots and die , making room for an acceptable [other option] to another decade of conservative rule ?

It was won because Labour was the party of high taxation , because the Conservative Party presented an alternative , and because most electors neither admired Mr Kinnock nor believed that he could deliver the promises that he was making .
it was won because labour was the party of high taxation , because the conservative party presented an [other option] , and because most electors neither admired mr kinnock nor believed that he could deliver the promises that he was making .

‘ We are and will remain the only party capable of offering an alternative government , ’ said Mr Kinnock .
‘ we are and will remain the only party capable of offering an [other option] government , ’ said mr kinnock .

An alternative possibility is less obvious — and also less likely .
an [other option] possibility is less obvious — and also less likely .

It was agreed that the Iraqis should fill the bunker with concrete as a cheaper alternative to blowing it up .
it was agreed that the iraqis should fill the bunker with concrete as a cheaper [other option] to blowing it up .

Labour 's strength has rested in the alternative establishments in Wales , Scotland , and the English provinces remote from London .
labour 's strength has rested in the [other option] establishments in wales , scotland , and the english provinces remote from london .

It makes sense for this alternative establishment to be pro-European , not only because it is in tune with the music Jacques Delors is making , but because it sees Brussels as a counterpoise to London.This is why it has been pointless to question the sincerity of Kinnock 's conversion to Europe .
it makes sense for this [other option] establishment to be pro-european , not only because it is in tune with the music jacques delors is making , but because it sees brussels as a counterpoise to london.this is why it has been pointless to question the sincerity of kinnock 's conversion to europe .

In recent years , a quiet revolution has been taking place as technical changes and new marketing methods for a vast range of home products have increased consumer choice and introduced alternative ways of home building .
in recent years , a quiet revolution has been taking place as technical changes and new marketing methods for a vast range of home products have increased consumer choice and introduced [other option] ways of home building .

The alternative is to try to hang on , for as long as we can , to a form of athletic competition in which the participants at least claim to be just the same as the rest of us , only better-built by nature .
the [other option] is to try to hang on , for as long as we can , to a form of athletic competition in which the participants at least claim to be just the same as the rest of us , only better-built by nature .

In creating one she has inadvertently made a move towards alternative methods of selling that could have great significance for organic farming .
in creating one she has inadvertently made a move towards [other option] methods of selling that could have great significance for organic farming .

When there was no further hope , Saga contacted you and offered the best alternative it could find at short notice and , as that was not acceptable , refunded your money in line with their contractual obligations to you .
when there was no further hope , saga contacted you and offered the best [other option] it could find at short notice and , as that was not acceptable , refunded your money in line with their contractual obligations to you .

By the time of the next election , Labour must have established a clear ideological alternative in the voters ' mind .
by the time of the next election , labour must have established a clear ideological [other option] in the voters ' mind .

Media Comment : Alternative to the wasteland
media comment : [other option] to the wasteland

The adapter , Andy de la Tour , used to be one of the unfunniest comedians on the alternative cabaret circuit , a chap with a black hole where his sense of humour ought to be .
the adapter , andy de la tour , used to be one of the unfunniest comedians on the [other option] cabaret circuit , a chap with a black hole where his sense of humour ought to be .

‘ However , we are reasonable people and if we are approached with a reasonable alternative , we would be prepared to listen . ’
‘ however , we are reasonable people and if we are approached with a reasonable [other option] , we would be prepared to listen . ’

Doctors condemn alternative cures
doctors condemn [other option] cures

In a report on conventional and alternative treatments for allergy , the Royal College said some tests and diagnostic concepts used by alternative practitioners could harm patients .
in a report on conventional and [other option] treatments for allergy , the royal college said some tests and diagnostic concepts used by [other option] practitioners could harm patients .

It not only criticises nearly all forms of alternative treatment , but accuses practitioners of reluctance to submit claims to scientific examination .
it not only criticises nearly all forms of [other option] treatment , but accuses practitioners of reluctance to submit claims to scientific examination .

It says alternative practitioners fail to diagnose potentially serious problems and cause further harm by recommending unhealthy diets , by reinforcing obsessional behaviour , and by encouraging social isolation .
it says [other option] practitioners fail to diagnose potentially serious problems and cause further harm by recommending unhealthy diets , by reinforcing obsessional behaviour , and by encouraging social isolation .

The report says many of the tests and concepts used by alternative practitioners are ‘ speculative ’ and there is no justification to pay for their treatments .
the report says many of the tests and concepts used by [other option] practitioners are ‘ speculative ’ and there is no justification to pay for their treatments .

There is an alternative to the workplace nursery , as Kevin Maguire discovers
there is an [other option] to the workplace nursery , as kevin maguire discovers

Most firms have found alternative accommodation already .
most firms have found [other option] accommodation already .

Marlboros have become the alternative to hard currency — safer than dollars , which the ordinary citizen is forbidden to have , and more useful than the rouble , so soft that it buys nothing worth having .
marlboros have become the [other option] to hard currency — safer than dollars , which the ordinary citizen is forbidden to have , and more useful than the rouble , so soft that it buys nothing worth having .

Thus , the two procedures are alternative methods of creating settlements of land .
thus , the two procedures are [other option] methods of creating settlements of land .

As an alternative to foreclosure , the court may direct a sale of the property , and this may be fairer to both parties , since any surplus upon such sale will belong to the mortgagor , while the mortgagee may still sue for any deficiency .
as an [other option] to foreclosure , the court may direct a sale of the property , and this may be fairer to both parties , since any surplus upon such sale will belong to the mortgagor , while the mortgagee may still sue for any deficiency .

The Government was tempted to seek alternative partners in the Commonwealth and Europe , but did not do so because the Americans had so much more to offer if the MacMahon restrictions could be circumvented or ameliorated .
the government was tempted to seek [other option] partners in the commonwealth and europe , but did not do so because the americans had so much more to offer if the macmahon restrictions could be circumvented or ameliorated .

There was , however , a growing realization in Whitehall that Britain could no longer ‘ go it alone ’ in weapon development , and so she would have to seek some form of closer partnership with the United States , at least , until Europe could provide a viable alternative .
there was , however , a growing realization in whitehall that britain could no longer ‘ go it alone ’ in weapon development , and so she would have to seek some form of closer partnership with the united states , at least , until europe could provide a viable [other option] .

Every Defence White Paper to this day has stressed the importance the British Government attaches to the achievement of a comprehensive nuclear and conventional force disarmament package as the only alternative to nuclear deterrence .
every defence white paper to this day has stressed the importance the british government attaches to the achievement of a comprehensive nuclear and conventional force disarmament package as the only [other option] to nuclear deterrence .

In February 1960 , the Cabinet agreed to write off the £60 million already spent so far on Blue Streak , and to seek an alternative delivery system for British nuclear warheads .
in february 1960 , the cabinet agreed to write off the £60 million already spent so far on blue streak , and to seek an [other option] delivery system for british nuclear warheads .

Macmillan played on Kennedy 's political instincts by suggesting that a failure to honour Eisenhower 's Polaris pledge could sink the Macmillan Government and lead to the election of an anti-American alternative , either Conservative or Labour — anti-Americanism not being confined to one party .
macmillan played on kennedy 's political instincts by suggesting that a failure to honour eisenhower 's polaris pledge could sink the macmillan government and lead to the election of an anti-american [other option] , either conservative or labour — anti-americanism not being confined to one party .

The alternative ?
the [other option] ?

Commercial gill-net fisheries should be phased out wherever suitable alternative techniques are available .
commercial gill-net fisheries should be phased out wherever suitable [other option] techniques are available .

His folksy speeches still beguile the faithful ; he can grow eloquent on anything , even when comparing the dynamo-operated lamps of Russian bicycles to the simple purity of the unlighted Chinese alternative .
his folksy speeches still beguile the faithful ; he can grow eloquent on anything , even when comparing the dynamo-operated lamps of russian bicycles to the simple purity of the unlighted chinese [other option] .

Labour said Michael Heseltine , the environment secretary , was in a ‘ fever of indecision ’ over an alternative to Mrs Thatcher 's flagship .
labour said michael heseltine , the environment secretary , was in a ‘ fever of indecision ’ over an [other option] to mrs thatcher 's flagship .

However to ignore a diplomatic alternative , even an inadequate one , that got Iraq out of Kuwait would be difficult .
however to ignore a diplomatic [other option] , even an inadequate one , that got iraq out of kuwait would be difficult .

The best alternative is peanut oil which is light but fairly full-flavoured .
the best [other option] is peanut oil which is light but fairly full-flavoured .

It makes a very good ( if expensive ) alternative to macaroni cheese .
it makes a very good ( if expensive ) [other option] to macaroni cheese .

If a recipe calls for Ricotta cheese , sieved cottage cheese is the best alternative .
if a recipe calls for ricotta cheese , sieved cottage cheese is the best [other option] .

Gravadlax makes a delicious alternative to smoked salmon and is the raw fish marinated with plenty of herbs , especially dill .
gravadlax makes a delicious [other option] to smoked salmon and is the raw fish marinated with plenty of herbs , especially dill .

When the Alternative Service Book was threatening the absolutism of the Book of Common Prayer a few years ago , the Book of Common Prayer was being spoken of as if it were on a par with Holy Writ .
when the [other option] service book was threatening the absolutism of the book of common prayer a few years ago , the book of common prayer was being spoken of as if it were on a par with holy writ .

They do not reach the true fundamentalist , because even if he read them , he would be left quite unmoved because James Barr 's theology does not give a viable and positive alternative to fundamentalism .
they do not reach the true fundamentalist , because even if he read them , he would be left quite unmoved because james barr 's theology does not give a viable and positive [other option] to fundamentalism .

The suggested causes of a given phenomenon can not always be independently observed , and so it is hard to rule out the possibility of there being explanations alternative to the one proposed .
the suggested causes of a given phenomenon can not always be independently observed , and so it is hard to rule out the possibility of there being explanations [other option] to the one proposed .

The Exercises were ill-received , and Gassendi seems to have decided that he might make more headway against the Aristotelians by systematically presenting an alternative point of view , rather than by direct argument against them .
the exercises were ill-received , and gassendi seems to have decided that he might make more headway against the aristotelians by systematically presenting an [other option] point of view , rather than by direct argument against them .

Gassendi 's suspicion of the Aristotelian account is evident from his Exercises , and his study of Epicurean philosophy provided him with an alternative .
gassendi 's suspicion of the aristotelian account is evident from his exercises , and his study of epicurean philosophy provided him with an [other option] .

But he was equally unhappy with the typical alternative , with what he saw as the uneasy combination of materialism and immaterialism .
but he was equally unhappy with the typical [other option] , with what he saw as the uneasy combination of materialism and immaterialism .

The previous fifty years had provided so many alternative and revolutionary styles , that architects and clients alike often found themselves in a quandry as to which to go for .
the previous fifty years had provided so many [other option] and revolutionary styles , that architects and clients alike often found themselves in a quandry as to which to go for .

They come from the alternative left originally , a sector which at its extremes is tinged with violence .
they come from the [other option] left originally , a sector which at its extremes is tinged with violence .

They are the ‘ watermelon party ’ , green on the outside and red on the inside , part of the ‘ alternative ’ subculture , the libertarian siblings of a rich society , not unlike at their extreme end the American drop-out society of the 1960s and 1970s .
they are the ‘ watermelon party ’ , green on the outside and red on the inside , part of the ‘ [other option] ’ subculture , the libertarian siblings of a rich society , not unlike at their extreme end the american drop-out society of the 1960s and 1970s .

And then , of course , there is the alternative of public transport , provided it is ground transport ( aircraft are major polluters ) .
and then , of course , there is the [other option] of public transport , provided it is ground transport ( aircraft are major polluters ) .

It is almost as if Thomas was trying to create , in fiction , an alternative pattern his life might have followed .
it is almost as if thomas was trying to create , in fiction , an [other option] pattern his life might have followed .

The likeliest alternative always seemed to be worse .
the likeliest [other option] always seemed to be worse .

But now Mr Gorbachev has made himself the unpalatable alternative .
but now mr gorbachev has made himself the unpalatable [other option] .

The only alternative to devaluation is to make deeper cuts in domestic spending , which would result in higher social costs .
the only [other option] to devaluation is to make deeper cuts in domestic spending , which would result in higher social costs .

The alternative is subjectively to rank all-comers : so participants were also asked to assess British companies in any industry , not just their own , by the same eight criteria — a question not asked in 1989 .
the [other option] is subjectively to rank all-comers : so participants were also asked to assess british companies in any industry , not just their own , by the same eight criteria — a question not asked in 1989 .

Then there was the very earnest , dedicated ‘ alternative ’ coterie , with a ‘ no smoking ’ sign on their front door .
then there was the very earnest , dedicated ‘ [other option] ’ coterie , with a ‘ no smoking ’ sign on their front door .

An alternative course would be to introduce general legislation to protect the public interest when an essential service is threatened .
an [other option] course would be to introduce general legislation to protect the public interest when an essential service is threatened .

The Labour Party has pledged that , if elected , it will introduce credit controls as an alternative to high interest rates .
the labour party has pledged that , if elected , it will introduce credit controls as an [other option] to high interest rates .

The unifying theme is that Mr Deng shaped an alternative political vision to Mao , in large part because he was in charge of a very different area during the Chinese civil war of the 1930s and 1940s .
the unifying theme is that mr deng shaped an [other option] political vision to mao , in large part because he was in charge of a very different area during the chinese civil war of the 1930s and 1940s .

An alternative to Saddam
an [other option] to saddam

At this stage , says General al-Nakib , ‘ It is important for the Iraqi people to feel there is an alternative leadership .
at this stage , says general al-nakib , ‘ it is important for the iraqi people to feel there is an [other option] leadership .

More recently there has been the ( largely ineffective ) battle to stop the spread of franglais , involving the introduction of a law in 1975 and two subsequent government decrees banning the use of all American and English words and expressions in advertisements , official documents and on radio and television , whenever a French alternative was possible .
more recently there has been the ( largely ineffective ) battle to stop the spread of franglais , involving the introduction of a law in 1975 and two subsequent government decrees banning the use of all american and english words and expressions in advertisements , official documents and on radio and television , whenever a french [other option] was possible .

The fund offers quick payments , while the alternative is much legal red tape at a moment when speed counts .
the fund offers quick payments , while the [other option] is much legal red tape at a moment when speed counts .

Recent surveys find 80 % of Americans in favour , though the proportion drops when they are offered the alternative of a life imprisonment that genuinely means for life .
recent surveys find 80 % of americans in favour , though the proportion drops when they are offered the [other option] of a life imprisonment that genuinely means for life .

Mr Bush , and his secretary of state , Mr James Baker , are trying to get more control for themselves , advocating ‘ constructive consultation ’ with Congress as an alternative to earmarking .
mr bush , and his secretary of state , mr james baker , are trying to get more control for themselves , advocating ‘ constructive consultation ’ with congress as an [other option] to earmarking .

Then the government must offer the French-speaking Quebeckers an alternative to their demands for political sovereignty , which have grown in volume ( if not in clarity ) during the past winter .
then the government must offer the french-speaking quebeckers an [other option] to their demands for political sovereignty , which have grown in volume ( if not in clarity ) during the past winter .

The best hope of an autonomy deal surviving — forget about democracy — is the bleakness of the alternative facing Mr Hussein : an ambivalent slab of northern territory run for an indefinite period by foreign armies , and therefore largely outside Iraqi control .
the best hope of an autonomy deal surviving — forget about democracy — is the bleakness of the [other option] facing mr hussein : an ambivalent slab of northern territory run for an indefinite period by foreign armies , and therefore largely outside iraqi control .

But the ideas in it still form the core of the Russian government 's alternative economic plan .
but the ideas in it still form the core of the russian government 's [other option] economic plan .

Make employers offer workers a cash alternative to free parking .
make employers offer workers a cash [other option] to free parking .

The conflict of interest is glaringly obvious , but the only likely alternative in the current parliament seems to be the leader of the opposition Liberal Party — Jean Chretien , a French Canadian who for years represented Quebec ridings as a minister in Pierre Trudeau 's era .
the conflict of interest is glaringly obvious , but the only likely [other option] in the current parliament seems to be the leader of the opposition liberal party — jean chretien , a french canadian who for years represented quebec ridings as a minister in pierre trudeau 's era .

And these records provide fascinating evidence of all this quirkishness , mostly in alternative and earlier arrangements of the best-known songs .
and these records provide fascinating evidence of all this quirkishness , mostly in [other option] and earlier arrangements of the best-known songs .

Consequently , for lack of a better alternative , the car has become the favoured means of personal expression , or as an Autobacs Seven director , Kenzo Kido , puts it , ‘ the equivalent of life space .
consequently , for lack of a better [other option] , the car has become the favoured means of personal expression , or as an autobacs seven director , kenzo kido , puts it , ‘ the equivalent of life space .

However , there is an alternative which does n't presuppose the use of any particular kind of computer , or even any particular kind of network .
however , there is an [other option] which does n't presuppose the use of any particular kind of computer , or even any particular kind of network .

Until now , efforts to stop the trade have depended on development programmes , but government reports readily concede that little has been achieved to create alternative employment .
until now , efforts to stop the trade have depended on development programmes , but government reports readily concede that little has been achieved to create [other option] employment .

Time and again her paintings demonstrated an alternative to the brink which they sensed his were heading for .
time and again her paintings demonstrated an [other option] to the brink which they sensed his were heading for .

There seems little alternative to a change in the economy 's structure towards a new range of products .
there seems little [other option] to a change in the economy 's structure towards a new range of products .

But in a first hint that she may be prepared to modify her views , the Prime Minister will tell the President that , if the deployment of new short-range missiles in Germany becomes unrealistic , Britain is certainly prepared to consider the alternative of stand-off missiles carried on Tornados .
but in a first hint that she may be prepared to modify her views , the prime minister will tell the president that , if the deployment of new short-range missiles in germany becomes unrealistic , britain is certainly prepared to consider the [other option] of stand-off missiles carried on tornados .

Krenz 's programme of measures may have to make way for a more revolutionary alternative — and Krenz too .
krenz 's programme of measures may have to make way for a more revolutionary [other option] — and krenz too .

The answer has to be an emphatic ‘ no ’ ; not until the Government is switches funding from road-building to investing in the railway infrastructure , which remains the most sensible alternative .
the answer has to be an emphatic ‘ no ’ ; not until the government is switches funding from road-building to investing in the railway infrastructure , which remains the most sensible [other option] .

In a cleverly manoeuvred Central Committee coup , the Foreign Minister , Mr Petar Mladenov , gave Mr Zhivkov no alternative but to step down from his post as General Secretary of the Bulgarian Communist Party , politburo member and President of the State Council .
in a cleverly manoeuvred central committee coup , the foreign minister , mr petar mladenov , gave mr zhivkov no [other option] but to step down from his post as general secretary of the bulgarian communist party , politburo member and president of the state council .

The policy unit will also discuss an alternative London School of Economics private sector scheme under which the financial institutions , rather than the Treasury , would lend students money , with repayments collected through National Insurance contributions .
the policy unit will also discuss an [other option] london school of economics private sector scheme under which the financial institutions , rather than the treasury , would lend students money , with repayments collected through national insurance contributions .

But he added : ‘ Everybody recognises that the Government has to hold on to an existing policy until the replacement is ready to put in place , and clearly the Secretary of State has to hold to his policy until an alternative has been agreed . ’
but he added : ‘ everybody recognises that the government has to hold on to an existing policy until the replacement is ready to put in place , and clearly the secretary of state has to hold to his policy until an [other option] has been agreed . ’

Mr Sells said data emerging from hospitals in Madras was offering an alternative where it was impractical and too expensive to treat large numbers of patients on dialysis machines .
mr sells said data emerging from hospitals in madras was offering an [other option] where it was impractical and too expensive to treat large numbers of patients on dialysis machines .

For at the same time they still see no alternative to Tayif , and still see Aoun as the one great impediment in its way .
for at the same time they still see no [other option] to tayif , and still see aoun as the one great impediment in its way .

The chairman of the committee , Mr Hugh Rossi , was concerned about the Government 's alternative plans to pump the sewage into the sea through long pipelines without treating the bacteria .
the chairman of the committee , mr hugh rossi , was concerned about the government 's [other option] plans to pump the sewage into the sea through long pipelines without treating the bacteria .

Healthier lifestyles lead shift towards alternative medicine .
healthier lifestyles lead shift towards [other option] medicine .

Mintel , which is charging £1,200 for a copy of the report , estimates that £450 million will be spent on alternative medicine this year , mainly on consultation fees .
mintel , which is charging £1,200 for a copy of the report , estimates that £450 million will be spent on [other option] medicine this year , mainly on consultation fees .

Mr Kinnock appears to have been preparing the ground for a possible arrangement with the Liberal Democrats by stressing his party 's commitment to proportional representation in a Scottish assembly , and to involve other parties in a review of alternative voting systems for the House of Commons .
mr kinnock appears to have been preparing the ground for a possible arrangement with the liberal democrats by stressing his party 's commitment to proportional representation in a scottish assembly , and to involve other parties in a review of [other option] voting systems for the house of commons .

The worst scenario of all is one in which no party feels confident of forming a government , leaving the Queen with no alternative but to grant a second dissolution .
the worst scenario of all is one in which no party feels confident of forming a government , leaving the queen with no [other option] but to grant a second dissolution .

Mr Lyons has been part of the team which restructured Labour 's industrial policy , the fruits of which were seen in John Smith 's alternative Budget .
mr lyons has been part of the team which restructured labour 's industrial policy , the fruits of which were seen in john smith 's [other option] budget .

Gallup offered the alternative scenarios shown in the table — including a deal with the Ulster Unionists .
gallup offered the [other option] scenarios shown in the table — including a deal with the ulster unionists .

Most , however , would argue that politically there was no alternative .
most , however , would argue that politically there was no [other option] .

‘ You use the ejector when there is no alternative ; when you reckon there is no way of controlling your aircraft and you know you are going to crash . ’
‘ you use the ejector when there is no [other option] ; when you reckon there is no way of controlling your aircraft and you know you are going to crash . ’

Hislop believes that , as crop subsidies fall , farmers will see woodland creation as a practical alternative .
hislop believes that , as crop subsidies fall , farmers will see woodland creation as a practical [other option] .

Of course if your first name is Sebastian and your last name is Coe , then the scientists ' method is a good one to follow , but if you 're just an average slob like me , then my method is not a bad alternative .
of course if your first name is sebastian and your last name is coe , then the scientists ' method is a good one to follow , but if you 're just an average slob like me , then my method is not a bad [other option] .

But he also recognises a genuine wish among a notoriously apathetic electorate for an alternative to the failed sectarian system , upon which even the Alliance must rely for its existence .
but he also recognises a genuine wish among a notoriously apathetic electorate for an [other option] to the failed sectarian system , upon which even the alliance must rely for its existence .

Birds of prey , or raptors to give them an alternative group name , come in many sizes .
birds of prey , or raptors to give them an [other option] group name , come in many sizes .

’ He did n't want to force her but he had no alternative .
’ he did n't want to force her but he had no [other option] .

For the moment , the alternative was too painful to her .
for the moment , the [other option] was too painful to her .

In lakes , crustaceans , molluscs , leeches and mayflies dwindle , although predators remain more numerous , feeding on alternative prey .
in lakes , crustaceans , molluscs , leeches and mayflies dwindle , although predators remain more numerous , feeding on [other option] prey .

‘ There is no alternative to the Franco-German relationship ’ , declare sources at the Elysée Palace .
‘ there is no [other option] to the franco-german relationship ’ , declare sources at the elysée palace .

Where alternative arrangements are available , this too is indicated in the individual Club descriptions and the price is shown in the supplement section of the price panels .
where [other option] arrangements are available , this too is indicated in the individual club descriptions and the price is shown in the supplement section of the price panels .

We reserve the right in any circumstance to cancel your holiday , and , in this event , we will return to you all monies you have paid us or will offer you an alternative available holiday to purchase , or comparable standard , in no case , except for reasons of war etc. ( see Important note above ) , will your holiday be cancelled less than 8 weeks before the scheduled departure date .
we reserve the right in any circumstance to cancel your holiday , and , in this event , we will return to you all monies you have paid us or will offer you an [other option] available holiday to purchase , or comparable standard , in no case , except for reasons of war etc. ( see important note above ) , will your holiday be cancelled less than 8 weeks before the scheduled departure date .

However , we reserve the right to substitute alternative carriers/aircraft types as necessary .
however , we reserve the right to substitute [other option] carriers/aircraft types as necessary .

No cash alternative to the prize will be offered .
no cash [other option] to the prize will be offered .

Thirdly , discounting removes interest rate risk — the discount rate is fixed whereas the alternative is usually to fund the post-shipment credit period from overdraft linked to variable Base Rate .
thirdly , discounting removes interest rate risk — the discount rate is fixed whereas the [other option] is usually to fund the post-shipment credit period from overdraft linked to variable base rate .

Up to £600 for alternative travel expenses ( including car hire ) and up to £400 for emergency hotel and food expenses if your vehicle is off the road for eight hours or more following a breakdown , accident , fire or theft .
up to £600 for [other option] travel expenses ( including car hire ) and up to £400 for emergency hotel and food expenses if your vehicle is off the road for eight hours or more following a breakdown , accident , fire or theft .

If , due to events beyond our control , we are no longer able to provide the holiday booked , we will return to you all monies paid , or offer you an alternative holiday of comparable standard .
if , due to events beyond our control , we are no longer able to provide the holiday booked , we will return to you all monies paid , or offer you an [other option] holiday of comparable standard .

Unless you or your Travel Agent have agreed alternative insurance with us , you will automatically be insured under your policy arranged with Commercial Union , and the appropriate premium will be added to your invoice .
unless you or your travel agent have agreed [other option] insurance with us , you will automatically be insured under your policy arranged with commercial union , and the appropriate premium will be added to your invoice .

It is a requirement when booking your holiday , that you accept our special travel insurance , unless you or a Travel Agent have agreed alternative insurance arrangements with us .
it is a requirement when booking your holiday , that you accept our special travel insurance , unless you or a travel agent have agreed [other option] insurance arrangements with us .

If necessary , we will offer you the opportunity to transfer to an alternative holiday or cancel the holiday without penalty .
if necessary , we will offer you the opportunity to transfer to an [other option] holiday or cancel the holiday without penalty .

We will approve major motorway or trunk road investments only where it can be demonstrated that alternative transport provision can not meet the need at lower economic and environmental cost .
we will approve major motorway or trunk road investments only where it can be demonstrated that [other option] transport provision can not meet the need at lower economic and environmental cost .

Insurance premiums will be automatically added to your final invoice unless your alternative insurer is clearly indicated on your Booking Form .
insurance premiums will be automatically added to your final invoice unless your [other option] insurer is clearly indicated on your booking form .

If your accommodation has to be changed we will do our best to provide alternative accommodation of similar or higher official classification .
if your accommodation has to be changed we will do our best to provide [other option] accommodation of similar or higher official classification .

If we have to make a major change , you will be offered compensation or a credit towards the cost of an alternative Summer 1990 holiday you choose from this brochure ( where available ) as follows .
if we have to make a major change , you will be offered compensation or a credit towards the cost of an [other option] summer 1990 holiday you choose from this brochure ( where available ) as follows .

In this event you will be offered the choice of an alternative holiday of at least comparable standard where available , or a full and prompt refund of any monies you have already paid .
in this event you will be offered the choice of an [other option] holiday of at least comparable standard where available , or a full and prompt refund of any monies you have already paid .

The alternative is to manage reactively rather than proactively .
the [other option] is to manage reactively rather than proactively .

By analysing this concept it is possible to suggest four alternative decision-making systems that vary as the level of assumptions built into the information system increases .
by analysing this concept it is possible to suggest four [other option] decision-making systems that vary as the level of assumptions built into the information system increases .

It helps the organisation to anticipate and minimise difficulties , especially in potentially complex situations , by ensuring that careful consideration has been given to alternative courses of action .
it helps the organisation to anticipate and minimise difficulties , especially in potentially complex situations , by ensuring that careful consideration has been given to [other option] courses of action .

An alternative grouping of the functions of budgets is provided by Simkins and Lancaster ( 1983 ) .
an [other option] grouping of the functions of budgets is provided by simkins and lancaster ( 1983 ) .

It should provide the basis for costing alternative courses of action so that the resource implications of decisions can be assessed .
it should provide the basis for costing [other option] courses of action so that the resource implications of decisions can be assessed .

In essence , after assessing the alternative expenditure options , spending patterns should reflect rational choices in order to maximise the achievement of the organisation 's objectives .
in essence , after assessing the [other option] expenditure options , spending patterns should reflect rational choices in order to maximise the achievement of the organisation 's objectives .

The alternative to incrementalism provided by the rational perspective is zero-based review .
the [other option] to incrementalism provided by the rational perspective is zero-based review .

It also encourages evaluation because if choice is to be made between alternatives then evaluation of past and future spending in the alternative areas has to be assessed .
it also encourages evaluation because if choice is to be made between alternatives then evaluation of past and future spending in the [other option] areas has to be assessed .

Planning and choosing between alternative systems and evaluating them takes place thus encouraging a more open approach .
planning and choosing between [other option] systems and evaluating them takes place thus encouraging a more open approach .

The alternative route down the locks became virtually impassable as the locks were allowed to deteriorate .
the [other option] route down the locks became virtually impassable as the locks were allowed to deteriorate .

Most evolutionary propositions , especially those referring to historical derivations , are not directly testable , however precisely one may attempt to erect alternative hypotheses for testing .
most evolutionary propositions , especially those referring to historical derivations , are not directly testable , however precisely one may attempt to erect [other option] hypotheses for testing .

To achieve this effect the complex sets of alternative motor patterns available to meet the contingencies presented by the distance receptors need to be managed .
to achieve this effect the complex sets of [other option] motor patterns available to meet the contingencies presented by the distance receptors need to be managed .

We must continue to ensure that the sentence fits the crime — with long sentences for dangerous criminals , and fines and a tougher regime for punishment outside prison available as an alternative for less serious crime .
we must continue to ensure that the sentence fits the crime — with long sentences for dangerous criminals , and fines and a tougher regime for punishment outside prison available as an [other option] for less serious crime .

But they are enough , perhaps , to convey the fact that Hinduism is not a pantheistic alternative to the Near Eastern or Western forms of theism .
but they are enough , perhaps , to convey the fact that hinduism is not a pantheistic [other option] to the near eastern or western forms of theism .

You may be able to choose rigid foamed plastic as an alternative finish for the eaves and gables if you want a maintenance-free building ; if you do , discuss it with the manufacturer at the ordering stage .
you may be able to choose rigid foamed plastic as an [other option] finish for the eaves and gables if you want a maintenance-free building ; if you do , discuss it with the manufacturer at the ordering stage .

2 . Responses to Enquiries about Accounts or Alternative Payment Arrangements
2 . responses to enquiries about accounts or [other option] payment arrangements

In this instance Bristol & West Home Contents Insurance provides an alternative way to insure your belongings .
in this instance bristol & west home contents insurance provides an [other option] way to insure your belongings .

After all , what is your alternative ?
after all , what is your [other option] ?

It makes sure that the family of the deceased director receive fair payment for his or her shares , which saves them from the problem of having to find an alternative buyer .
it makes sure that the family of the deceased director receive fair payment for his or her shares , which saves them from the problem of having to find an [other option] buyer .

the awareness of the serious risks attached to whatever alternative is chosen
the awareness of the serious risks attached to whatever [other option] is chosen

the hope of finding a better alternative
the hope of finding a better [other option]

The alternative focus for your energies is on group maintenance , that is giving warmth , support and encouragement to members .
the [other option] focus for your energies is on group maintenance , that is giving warmth , support and encouragement to members .

The alternative would be to spend so much time defining the task or problem that the manager would indeed be better off doing it personally .
the [other option] would be to spend so much time defining the task or problem that the manager would indeed be better off doing it personally .

It is vitally important that you cut down gradually — preferably with help , whether from your doctor or a practitioner of alternative medicine .
it is vitally important that you cut down gradually — preferably with help , whether from your doctor or a practitioner of [other option] medicine .

They 're a tasty , lower cost , alternative for lunchtimes and early evening meals available before 7.30pm Monday to Saturday .
they 're a tasty , lower cost , [other option] for lunchtimes and early evening meals available before 7.30pm monday to saturday .

There was no alternative but to grin and bear it .
there was no [other option] but to grin and bear it .

He strongly believes that if there is a chance someone 's suffering can be helped by an alternative method , then why not let them try it .
he strongly believes that if there is a chance someone 's suffering can be helped by an [other option] method , then why not let them try it .

Charles took one look at the proffered platitudes , which he knew to be absurd , and set about writing an alternative .
charles took one look at the proffered platitudes , which he knew to be absurd , and set about writing an [other option] .

Undeterred , Simpson went on to produce an ‘ alternative ’ scheme , which , thanks to the Prince 's involvement in bringing the whole issue into the open , went on public display alongside models of all the official proposals in the crypt of St Paul 's Cathedral .
undeterred , simpson went on to produce an ‘ [other option] ’ scheme , which , thanks to the prince 's involvement in bringing the whole issue into the open , went on public display alongside models of all the official proposals in the crypt of st paul 's cathedral .

3 Rug-scattered floors ( see page 63 ) are an attractive alternative to wall-to-wall carpets ; for bright colours at reasonable prices , take a look at Tapetes .
3 rug-scattered floors ( see page 63 ) are an attractive [other option] to wall-to-wall carpets ; for bright colours at reasonable prices , take a look at tapetes .

Perhaps it is because of this that an alternative method of picking was developed .
perhaps it is because of this that an [other option] method of picking was developed .

The song ‘ Here we go round the mulberry bush ’ reflects this ( though an alternative theory holds that a mulberry tree was often planted in prison exercise yards , and inmates recited the rhyme as they walked round it ) .
the song ‘ here we go round the mulberry bush ’ reflects this ( though an [other option] theory holds that a mulberry tree was often planted in prison exercise yards , and inmates recited the rhyme as they walked round it ) .

Two alternative explanations , and our comments on them , follow .
two [other option] explanations , and our comments on them , follow .

It is fairly easy however , to caste doubt on such a suggestion scientifically ; the effect of the nearness of a potential mate is an obvious alternative explanation .
it is fairly easy however , to caste doubt on such a suggestion scientifically ; the effect of the nearness of a potential mate is an obvious [other option] explanation .

Is there an alternative to this at times unhappy compromise between ‘ relevance ’ and ‘ simplicity ' ?
is there an [other option] to this at times unhappy compromise between ‘ relevance ’ and ‘ simplicity ' ?

An alternative explanation , however , is that rhythms with a 24-hour period are received from the external world — but that these are picked up and transmitted to the body clock less effectively in premature babies .
an [other option] explanation , however , is that rhythms with a 24-hour period are received from the external world — but that these are picked up and transmitted to the body clock less effectively in premature babies .

An alternative would be for patients to keep a daily record of their food .
an [other option] would be for patients to keep a daily record of their food .

Accordingly , we offer some comments on some alternative ‘ explanations ’ that have been given .
accordingly , we offer some comments on some [other option] ‘ explanations ’ that have been given .

An alternative is to take a short nap before the meeting , making sure there is at least one hour between the nap and meeting so that you can waken fully .
an [other option] is to take a short nap before the meeting , making sure there is at least one hour between the nap and meeting so that you can waken fully .

For those churches not vested in the Redundant Churches Fund or retained by the Board of Finance of the diocese , two categories can be perceived : a ) those that will be demolished ( although the Advisory Board may initially withhold a demolition certificate ) and b ) those that can be adapted to a range of alternative uses .
for those churches not vested in the redundant churches fund or retained by the board of finance of the diocese , two categories can be perceived : a ) those that will be demolished ( although the advisory board may initially withhold a demolition certificate ) and b ) those that can be adapted to a range of [other option] uses .

Every diocese that is actively pursuing the problem has appointed a Redundant Churches Uses Committee whose task it is to seek out suitable alternative uses .
every diocese that is actively pursuing the problem has appointed a redundant churches uses committee whose task it is to seek out suitable [other option] uses .

In the circumstance of their redundance , the usual prescription has been the demolition of the buildings and sale of their sites , but it is likely that where redundancy affects noteworthy buildings — and an increasing number of Roman Catholic churches , lacking the exemption from ‘ listing ’ currently enjoyed by the Anglican churches , are being listed as buildings of architectural or historic interest — the church hierarchy may have to consider offering them for conversion to alternative uses .
in the circumstance of their redundance , the usual prescription has been the demolition of the buildings and sale of their sites , but it is likely that where redundancy affects noteworthy buildings — and an increasing number of roman catholic churches , lacking the exemption from ‘ listing ’ currently enjoyed by the anglican churches , are being listed as buildings of architectural or historic interest — the church hierarchy may have to consider offering them for conversion to [other option] uses .

The Church Commissioners proposed its demolition because they were unable to identify any alternative use for the building .
the church commissioners proposed its demolition because they were unable to identify any [other option] use for the building .

As often applies in such cases , it became evident that the church was held in some affection by the local residents and , in response to public concern , the local planning authority , Waverly District Council , initiated a search for alternative uses .
as often applies in such cases , it became evident that the church was held in some affection by the local residents and , in response to public concern , the local planning authority , waverly district council , initiated a search for [other option] uses .

It was also the only alternative use for which finance was available .
it was also the only [other option] use for which finance was available .

In fact , the alternative course open to the Church Commissioners of demolition of the building and sale of the site might not have been easily pursued , had they chosen to adopt that route .
in fact , the [other option] course open to the church commissioners of demolition of the building and sale of the site might not have been easily pursued , had they chosen to adopt that route .

However , the inner city depopulation of recent years has led to falling rolls in city schools and the consequent rationalisation of local education has caused certain Board schools to become redundant , releasing them for alternative uses .
however , the inner city depopulation of recent years has led to falling rolls in city schools and the consequent rationalisation of local education has caused certain board schools to become redundant , releasing them for [other option] uses .

The Spastics Society has begun Alternative Lifestyles courses for disabled school leavers , ‘ providing positive alternatives to paid employment and giving them the confidence to take charge of their own lives ’ .
the spastics society has begun [other option] lifestyles courses for disabled school leavers , ‘ providing positive alternatives to paid employment and giving them the confidence to take charge of their own lives ’ .

Neither alternative is particularly probable or palatable .
neither [other option] is particularly probable or palatable .

Even so , finding your way around the alternative medicine maze may be a problem .
even so , finding your way around the [other option] medicine maze may be a problem .

Do you wake up regularly to a deafening snore and feel there is no alternative but to give your partner a hefty prod ?
do you wake up regularly to a deafening snore and feel there is no [other option] but to give your partner a hefty prod ?

Whereas Arthur Rank could argue in the 1940s that the diversity of production activity within the company eliminated the dangers of monopoly , Davis did away with alternative centres of initiative .
whereas arthur rank could argue in the 1940s that the diversity of production activity within the company eliminated the dangers of monopoly , davis did away with [other option] centres of initiative .

Finding it impossible to break into movies after the production slump of the 1940s , before television offered an alternative route to aspiring filmmakers , people like Anderson , Tony Richardson and Karel Reisz worked instead within sponsored documentaries , while writing about the sort of passionate , personal filmmaking that seemed to be possible in France , Italy , even India , but not in Britain .
finding it impossible to break into movies after the production slump of the 1940s , before television offered an [other option] route to aspiring filmmakers , people like anderson , tony richardson and karel reisz worked instead within sponsored documentaries , while writing about the sort of passionate , personal filmmaking that seemed to be possible in france , italy , even india , but not in britain .

Alternative health : mineral water
[other option] health : mineral water

More people are now turning to the bottled version as an alternative to tapped
more people are now turning to the bottled version as an [other option] to tapped

Her humour is a weapon that has pole-vaulted her out of the solid folk-roots category , an alternative scene that would have kept her firmly away from the mainstream .
her humour is a weapon that has pole-vaulted her out of the solid folk-roots category , an [other option] scene that would have kept her firmly away from the mainstream .

As a young professional with Fulham some 30 and more years ago , he prospered hugely from advice offered in no uncertain terms by Joe Bacuzzi , a redoubtable professional of the old school and a firm believer in the unassailable principle that full-backs who can not defend should seek alternative employment .
as a young professional with fulham some 30 and more years ago , he prospered hugely from advice offered in no uncertain terms by joe bacuzzi , a redoubtable professional of the old school and a firm believer in the unassailable principle that full-backs who can not defend should seek [other option] employment .

The present England shirt costs about £24.99 for a full-sized fan , but the little number that saw us through ( and its red going-away alternative ) is beginning to reek from all those coach trips , nights spent in railway stations and sweaty terrace pens .
the present england shirt costs about £24.99 for a full-sized fan , but the little number that saw us through ( and its red going-away [other option] ) is beginning to reek from all those coach trips , nights spent in railway stations and sweaty terrace pens .

Under this pressure , all ordinary human ambivalence and doubt is outlawed : adopters become guilty or angry when the relationship does not proceed according to the fantasy or reality of ordinary parenting ; children suppress their fantasies of an alternative life with birth parents — or hold on to that fantasy all the more tenaciously — and birth mothers , in particular , are pushed into a denial of their own experience and feelings . Does Mr Baker really believe that such dishonesty and repression provide a ‘ strong family background ’ ?
under this pressure , all ordinary human ambivalence and doubt is outlawed : adopters become guilty or angry when the relationship does not proceed according to the fantasy or reality of ordinary parenting ; children suppress their fantasies of an [other option] life with birth parents — or hold on to that fantasy all the more tenaciously — and birth mothers , in particular , are pushed into a denial of their own experience and feelings . does mr baker really believe that such dishonesty and repression provide a ‘ strong family background ’ ?

Both episodes offered alternative options .
both episodes offered [other option] options .

He is the only major figure offering an alternative party programme which is not a watered-down version of Mrs Thatcher 's .
he is the only major figure offering an [other option] party programme which is not a watered-down version of mrs thatcher 's .

For the reasons above , Order 5 , rule 5 provided no alternative basis of claim .
for the reasons above , order 5 , rule 5 provided no [other option] basis of claim .

Mr Parkinson is coming under heavy pressure from competing private consortia to approve an alternative route to a new terminus at Stratford in east London , which they say would be cheaper than the British Rail scheme to Waterloo and King 's Cross .
mr parkinson is coming under heavy pressure from competing private consortia to approve an [other option] route to a new terminus at stratford in east london , which they say would be cheaper than the british rail scheme to waterloo and king 's cross .

They also pointed out that the alternative would not ‘ plug into ’ the east coast rail lines from King 's Cross unless an expensive underground link was built from Stratford into central London .
they also pointed out that the [other option] would not ‘ plug into ’ the east coast rail lines from king 's cross unless an expensive underground link was built from stratford into central london .

His own contribution was sober and only occasionally spiced with alternative wit .
his own contribution was sober and only occasionally spiced with [other option] wit .

It has been loosely referred to as any mode of policing other than the rapid-response crime control type ; an alternative which specifically seeks to make constables part of the community by making them responsible for a geographical area , known as ‘ permanent ’ or ‘ home ’ beats ; a means of developing communication between the police and the local community ; and a process by which responsibility for crime control and prevention is shared with the community , both also known as ‘ community relations ’ ( Weatheritt 1983 : 4–5 ) .
it has been loosely referred to as any mode of policing other than the rapid-response crime control type ; an [other option] which specifically seeks to make constables part of the community by making them responsible for a geographical area , known as ‘ permanent ’ or ‘ home ’ beats ; a means of developing communication between the police and the local community ; and a process by which responsibility for crime control and prevention is shared with the community , both also known as ‘ community relations ’ ( weatheritt 1983 : 4–5 ) .

The acclaim was loudest , and most heartfelt , when Mr Lawson derided the inability of the Opposition to offer a convincing alternative formula .
the acclaim was loudest , and most heartfelt , when mr lawson derided the inability of the opposition to offer a convincing [other option] formula .

They have offered as an alternative to a formal listing , a system of self-regulation .
they have offered as an [other option] to a formal listing , a system of self-regulation .

The debate will centre on alternative clauses : one outlawing all experiments on embryos from the moment of conception , the other ( the Warnock majority 's view ) allowing them for the first 14 days .
the debate will centre on [other option] clauses : one outlawing all experiments on embryos from the moment of conception , the other ( the warnock majority 's view ) allowing them for the first 14 days .

Deprived of this option , Mr Lawson decided to soldier on as Chancellor of the Exchequer , claiming in his speech on Thursday that there was no alternative to his economic policy .
deprived of this option , mr lawson decided to soldier on as chancellor of the exchequer , claiming in his speech on thursday that there was no [other option] to his economic policy .

Exuding confidence that there might be an alternative — notably himself — to Tory policy , Michael Heseltine told a fringe meeting : ‘ Polluted rivers , filthy streets , bodies bedded down in doorways are no advertisement for a prosperous or caring society . ’
exuding confidence that there might be an [other option] — notably himself — to tory policy , michael heseltine told a fringe meeting : ‘ polluted rivers , filthy streets , bodies bedded down in doorways are no advertisement for a prosperous or caring society . ’

The alternative route , proposed by a consortia led by the American bank Manufacturers Hanover and the construction group Bechtel , would end at a terminal in Stratford , East London .
the [other option] route , proposed by a consortia led by the american bank manufacturers hanover and the construction group bechtel , would end at a terminal in stratford , east london .

As a complement to a career based on forgetting the past , the play sketches out an alternative one based on remembering .
as a complement to a career based on forgetting the past , the play sketches out an [other option] one based on remembering .

Leading Article : An alternative emerges
leading article : an [other option] emerges

Hence the longing for an alternative policy , and the determined claims that one does not exist .
hence the longing for an [other option] policy , and the determined claims that one does not exist .

To lead in all the polls as the favoured candidate for the Tory succession , to persuade your own party that you offer a distinctive viewpoint without being in any way overtly disloyal , to convince even the cynics of the Press that you pose a realistic alternative to the present leadership — no phenomenon like it has been seen in British politics for 50 years .
to lead in all the polls as the favoured candidate for the tory succession , to persuade your own party that you offer a distinctive viewpoint without being in any way overtly disloyal , to convince even the cynics of the press that you pose a realistic [other option] to the present leadership — no phenomenon like it has been seen in british politics for 50 years .

Markets may force Thatcher to take the hated alternative
markets may force thatcher to take the hated [other option]

That phrase ‘ there is no alternative ’ has a special meaning in the vocabulary of Thatcherism .
that phrase ‘ there is no [other option] ’ has a special meaning in the vocabulary of thatcherism .

Mr Lawson 's summoning of Tina may have been his subtle way of saying that her policy for combating inflation was no alternative to his .
mr lawson 's summoning of tina may have been his subtle way of saying that her policy for combating inflation was no [other option] to his .

The Chancellor of the Exchequer told the Conservative Party conference in Blackpool that there was no alternative to his policy of high-level interest rates in the ‘ paramount ’ fight against inflation .
the chancellor of the exchequer told the conservative party conference in blackpool that there was no [other option] to his policy of high-level interest rates in the ‘ paramount ’ fight against inflation .

Replying directly to a businesswoman 's plea during the debate for ‘ one more little miracle ’ to ease the impact of the new rate on firms , Mr Lawson said to muted applause : ‘ The answer is that there is no alternative , and the policy will work . ’
replying directly to a businesswoman 's plea during the debate for ‘ one more little miracle ’ to ease the impact of the new rate on firms , mr lawson said to muted applause : ‘ the answer is that there is no [other option] , and the policy will work . ’

The investor who has a few privatisation shares and wants to extend a portfolio without paying for advice does have a cheap alternative to discretionary portfolio management .
the investor who has a few privatisation shares and wants to extend a portfolio without paying for advice does have a cheap [other option] to discretionary portfolio management .

For Allen , however , the game , his fifth international appearance , provided a chance for him to prove that Wales have a viable attacking alternative to Rush and Hughes , both missing through suspension .
for allen , however , the game , his fifth international appearance , provided a chance for him to prove that wales have a viable attacking [other option] to rush and hughes , both missing through suspension .

Both men were dubious about how long someone would be able to endure in the winter , equally they could think of no alternative .
both men were dubious about how long someone would be able to endure in the winter , equally they could think of no [other option] .

An alternative is to be buried in a cemetery .
an [other option] is to be buried in a cemetery .

An alternative to dates is to use a term like Romantic , even if its meaning seems to alter from writer to writer .
an [other option] to dates is to use a term like romantic , even if its meaning seems to alter from writer to writer .

One way for a publisher to finance the publication of an art book is to act with other publishers who will share costs ; an alternative is to find a subsidy .
one way for a publisher to finance the publication of an art book is to act with other publishers who will share costs ; an [other option] is to find a subsidy .

The alternative , of choosing between artists , is also hazardous , since it refutes the idea that they have a reason for exhibiting together , even if what the critic writes is favourable .
the [other option] , of choosing between artists , is also hazardous , since it refutes the idea that they have a reason for exhibiting together , even if what the critic writes is favourable .

One alternative Chinese perspective is shen yuan , in which the viewer is placed as if on a hill , and the horizon line is thus high up , almost a bird 's eye view .
one [other option] chinese perspective is shen yuan , in which the viewer is placed as if on a hill , and the horizon line is thus high up , almost a bird 's eye view .

Art Deco is offered as a ‘ sensitive ’ alternative to Victoriana , otherwise virtually the only decorative style currently in the pubfitter 's repertoire .
art deco is offered as a ‘ sensitive ’ [other option] to victoriana , otherwise virtually the only decorative style currently in the pubfitter 's repertoire .

Fortunately , the Thirties Society was able to get the Prospect listed in May 1990 , and alternative development plans are awaited .
fortunately , the thirties society was able to get the prospect listed in may 1990 , and [other option] development plans are awaited .

All the organizations that worked there were offered alternative accommodation , which they were all sensible enough to accept .
all the organizations that worked there were offered [other option] accommodation , which they were all sensible enough to accept .

But what alternative is there if you are unknown to a potential employer ?
but what [other option] is there if you are unknown to a potential employer ?

There is one well-known materialist account of different modes of knowledge that might seem to be useful here in preserving the ‘ mode of knowledge ’ approach against the need for the more drastic behaviouristic alternative .
there is one well-known materialist account of different modes of knowledge that might seem to be useful here in preserving the ‘ mode of knowledge ’ approach against the need for the more drastic behaviouristic [other option] .

The alternative pronunciation route , which involves ‘ addressed ’ phonology , employs the lexical system .
the [other option] pronunciation route , which involves ‘ addressed ’ phonology , employs the lexical system .

More and more people are taking to their bikes as an alternative to driving or using public transport .
more and more people are taking to their bikes as an [other option] to driving or using public transport .

For mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding provides a safe alternative .
for mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding provides a safe [other option] .

As a further alternative , you can enter into a Supplemental Deed .
as a further [other option] , you can enter into a supplemental deed .

It 's the Alternative Flower Show held annually in the village hall at Beadness , near Ainwick in Northumberland .
it 's the [other option] flower show held annually in the village hall at beadness , near ainwick in northumberland .

An alternative is to put the planted-up bowls in black polythene sacks ties at the top and keep them in a cold greenhouse or cool , frost-free outhouse , garage or shed .
an [other option] is to put the planted-up bowls in black polythene sacks ties at the top and keep them in a cold greenhouse or cool , frost-free outhouse , garage or shed .

Savona , Sebon , Nature 's Answer and Bio Friendly 's Pest Pistol are all suitable alternative controls to conventional agrochemicals .
savona , sebon , nature 's answer and bio friendly 's pest pistol are all suitable [other option] controls to conventional agrochemicals .

Guide to hedges Hedges create living walls for shelter and privacy in the garden As a means of enclosing your garden and defining its boundaries , a hedge is a durable , less expensive and often more aesthetically satisfying alternative to fencing .
guide to hedges hedges create living walls for shelter and privacy in the garden as a means of enclosing your garden and defining its boundaries , a hedge is a durable , less expensive and often more aesthetically satisfying [other option] to fencing .

Some pests live temporarily on alternative host plants — carrot fly on cow parsley and certain aphid species on chickweed , for example — and controlling these interrupts the pest 's life cycle .
some pests live temporarily on [other option] host plants — carrot fly on cow parsley and certain aphid species on chickweed , for example — and controlling these interrupts the pest 's life cycle .

Reacting too slowly and taking too long to make a decision can also be hazardous . If you obviously can not get down ahead or if you have doubts about it , then you have no alternative but to turn off , but check your speed first !
reacting too slowly and taking too long to make a decision can also be hazardous . if you obviously can not get down ahead or if you have doubts about it , then you have no [other option] but to turn off , but check your speed first !

This is the absolute minimum , and whenever possible much more room should be left , or an alternative landing area should be chosen .
this is the absolute minimum , and whenever possible much more room should be left , or an [other option] landing area should be chosen .

By not considering this as a possibility , the pilot gives himself little or no hope of a safe landing , especially if the alternative is a very low 360° turn and he is already flying rather slowly .
by not considering this as a possibility , the pilot gives himself little or no hope of a safe landing , especially if the [other option] is a very low 360° turn and he is already flying rather slowly .

Instead of accepting that their normal circuit is not possible and organising an alternative , they may try to make their formal pattern and so run themselves into an even more difficult situation .
instead of accepting that their normal circuit is not possible and organising an [other option] , they may try to make their formal pattern and so run themselves into an even more difficult situation .

An Alternative : ‘ The Song Of The Hellenist ’
an [other option] : ‘ the song of the hellenist ’

Then switch to alternate one-legged bounds as an alternative .
then switch to alternate one-legged bounds as an [other option] .

Their culture has no rights , no claim to an alternative identity .
their culture has no rights , no claim to an [other option] identity .

The popular slogan ‘ This we will maintain ’ , that is the union with Britain , can be equally applied to the religious and moral values the loyalists pride so much and which they see as embodied in the protestant — loyalist statelet , with its appropriate state apparatus of coercion and alternative paramilitary units .
the popular slogan ‘ this we will maintain ’ , that is the union with britain , can be equally applied to the religious and moral values the loyalists pride so much and which they see as embodied in the protestant — loyalist statelet , with its appropriate state apparatus of coercion and [other option] paramilitary units .

But also because such violence can have some hegemonic justification — derived in Ireland from the threat of the alternative alliance — the beliefs too must be scrutinized for their contribution , religious beliefs as well .
but also because such violence can have some hegemonic justification — derived in ireland from the threat of the [other option] alliance — the beliefs too must be scrutinized for their contribution , religious beliefs as well .

Bishop Edward Daly in Derry liberally interpreted the needs of his Roman catholic pupils from the mid-1970s , allowing greater freedom and seeing to it that some alternative religious education was provided .
bishop edward daly in derry liberally interpreted the needs of his roman catholic pupils from the mid-1970s , allowing greater freedom and seeing to it that some [other option] religious education was provided .

Had Handsome Henry tried to foreclose — or , seeing how pretty Mrs Yardley was , had he suggested an alternative form of payment ?
had handsome henry tried to foreclose — or , seeing how pretty mrs yardley was , had he suggested an [other option] form of payment ?

An alternative exercise is wide press-ups with the hands on house bricks ( these will allow a greater stretch ) .
an [other option] exercise is wide press-ups with the hands on house bricks ( these will allow a greater stretch ) .

An alternative exercise is the one-legged squat .
an [other option] exercise is the one-legged squat .

Rather an alternative and extra dimension to the observation is required if the deep structures and meaning inherent in any arbitrarily constructed social world are to be understood .
rather an [other option] and extra dimension to the observation is required if the deep structures and meaning inherent in any arbitrarily constructed social world are to be understood .

The conference was also told that as an alternative to the expense of sending officers to university , it was proposed to ‘ direct officers to research a particular problem … and give them a short period to carry out intensive research ’ .
the conference was also told that as an [other option] to the expense of sending officers to university , it was proposed to ‘ direct officers to research a particular problem … and give them a short period to carry out intensive research ’ .

Alternative readings or critical analysis of this entrenched reverence for a rule of law ( which at times may well be out of step with a wider interpretation of ambiguous social behaviour ) smacks of subversion simply because it denies the primacy of the institutional framework .
[other option] readings or critical analysis of this entrenched reverence for a rule of law ( which at times may well be out of step with a wider interpretation of ambiguous social behaviour ) smacks of subversion simply because it denies the primacy of the institutional framework .

One alternative is insanity .
one [other option] is insanity .

These modes of thought are so deeply embedded in the collective conscious that ten years after the amalgamations , when the chief constable ( from the south ) replaced the flat cap with helmets , a number of ex-city men could not discuss the impending change without exhibiting distress and described this event as being something of an Armageddon , even though the expensive guard-style cap of the pre-amalgamation days had long since given way to what was always derided as ‘ a cheap and nasty alternative ’ .
these modes of thought are so deeply embedded in the collective conscious that ten years after the amalgamations , when the chief constable ( from the south ) replaced the flat cap with helmets , a number of ex-city men could not discuss the impending change without exhibiting distress and described this event as being something of an armageddon , even though the expensive guard-style cap of the pre-amalgamation days had long since given way to what was always derided as ‘ a cheap and nasty [other option] ’ .

In our marginal universe , we pursued offences which were then not even classified as crimes in the Home Office Standard list , and were pitched into a new philosophical world structured by a number of alternative social constructs .
in our marginal universe , we pursued offences which were then not even classified as crimes in the home office standard list , and were pitched into a new philosophical world structured by a number of [other option] social constructs .

These were amplified by a variety of non-verbal sign-systems such as gesture , posture , music , clothing , gender relationships , as well as other aspects of the hippie life related to an alternative political and social belief which were alien to our experience .
these were amplified by a variety of non-verbal sign-systems such as gesture , posture , music , clothing , gender relationships , as well as other aspects of the hippie life related to an [other option] political and social belief which were alien to our experience .

For example , they would link their cannabis use and an alternative ideology or religious vision to challenge our somewhat static version of social reality .
for example , they would link their cannabis use and an [other option] ideology or religious vision to challenge our somewhat static version of social reality .

In effect this was a time when new worlds and new social structures were being forged ; and in many ways we were closer to the world of the underground than that of the moral majority , for we were walking the same ground and like many in the alternative society were ( somewhat unsystematically ) following an essential and perennial theme of history — that of man 's journey as ‘ hero ’ .
in effect this was a time when new worlds and new social structures were being forged ; and in many ways we were closer to the world of the underground than that of the moral majority , for we were walking the same ground and like many in the [other option] society were ( somewhat unsystematically ) following an essential and perennial theme of history — that of man 's journey as ‘ hero ’ .

One notable effect the alternative social format contained lay in the assault upon the senses which occurred at a pragmatic level .
one notable effect the [other option] social format contained lay in the assault upon the senses which occurred at a pragmatic level .

Coming from a police family and married to a police officer , her inculcated beliefs were such that the alternative concepts which the sociology of law posed were beyond acceptability .
coming from a police family and married to a police officer , her inculcated beliefs were such that the [other option] concepts which the sociology of law posed were beyond acceptability .

’ Jaromil has discovered that writing can be what reading has familiarly been for the ordinary person : an escape , a shelter , a door to the alternative self .
’ jaromil has discovered that writing can be what reading has familiarly been for the ordinary person : an escape , a shelter , a door to the [other option] self .

In the search for alternative sources of good , reasonably priced wine , have a look at Sicily .
in the search for [other option] sources of good , reasonably priced wine , have a look at sicily .

She remembered the evening because his parents had given him an awful sweater for his birthday and between comedy programmes on the television she and Alan thought up alternative uses for an awful sweater .
she remembered the evening because his parents had given him an awful sweater for his birthday and between comedy programmes on the television she and alan thought up [other option] uses for an awful sweater .

Arsenic compounds were introduced towards the end of the nineteenth century , but it was the introduction of arsphenamine , or salvarsan , in the early twentieth century that produced the first really viable alternative to mercury .
arsenic compounds were introduced towards the end of the nineteenth century , but it was the introduction of arsphenamine , or salvarsan , in the early twentieth century that produced the first really viable [other option] to mercury .

Like Denmark , Holland is one of the more go-ahead countries with regard to the sexually transmitted diseases , but , lacking the centralized pathology laboratory , the standard outside the four clinics ( two in Rotterdam and one each in Amsterdam and Utrecht — there are no provincial or peripheral clinics ) is variable , with a few private practitioners providing the only reasonable alternative .
like denmark , holland is one of the more go-ahead countries with regard to the sexually transmitted diseases , but , lacking the centralized pathology laboratory , the standard outside the four clinics ( two in rotterdam and one each in amsterdam and utrecht — there are no provincial or peripheral clinics ) is variable , with a few private practitioners providing the only reasonable [other option] .

Shaving the pubic hair is an alternative ‘ physical ’ approach , but nowadays there are several preparations on the market which have the desired effect rather more easily .
shaving the pubic hair is an [other option] ‘ physical ’ approach , but nowadays there are several preparations on the market which have the desired effect rather more easily .

What alternative reflection of himself can the Left , for instance , offer Chas which is going to make any sense in terms of his own experience and the way he sees the world ?
what [other option] reflection of himself can the left , for instance , offer chas which is going to make any sense in terms of his own experience and the way he sees the world ?

The articulate lyricism of Morrissey mirrors an entire lifestyle , and in doing so offers a constructive and plausible alternative way of thinking .
the articulate lyricism of morrissey mirrors an entire lifestyle , and in doing so offers a constructive and plausible [other option] way of thinking .

After turning down a Melody Maker request on these grounds , editor Allan Jones asked Morrissey for a convenient alternative .
after turning down a melody maker request on these grounds , editor allan jones asked morrissey for a convenient [other option] .

With so many journalists wishing to talk with Morrissey , Marr , Rourke and Joyce , surely they have no alternative but to step back and carefully choose their outlets .
with so many journalists wishing to talk with morrissey , marr , rourke and joyce , surely they have no [other option] but to step back and carefully choose their outlets .

Because of the nature of their following , they are still categorised as an ‘ alternative ’ outfit .
because of the nature of their following , they are still categorised as an ‘ [other option] ’ outfit .

The only alternative , says Professor Durnin , is to try to burn up more energy by being physically active .
the only [other option] , says professor durnin , is to try to burn up more energy by being physically active .

Resorts : star spotters head for Aspen , Colorado , which has all grades of skiing — at a price ; Vail is smart too ; neighbouring Copper Mountain and Breckenridge are less awesomely large and more youth oriented ; experts on and off the piste love Jackson Hole , Wyoming ; Utah 's powder paradises are Park City , Snowbird and Alta , with Robert Redford 's Sundance as a family alternative ; mogul maniacs bash the hell out of their knees in Taos , New Mexico and the old silver mining town of Telluride .
resorts : star spotters head for aspen , colorado , which has all grades of skiing — at a price ; vail is smart too ; neighbouring copper mountain and breckenridge are less awesomely large and more youth oriented ; experts on and off the piste love jackson hole , wyoming ; utah 's powder paradises are park city , snowbird and alta , with robert redford 's sundance as a family [other option] ; mogul maniacs bash the hell out of their knees in taos , new mexico and the old silver mining town of telluride .

The phrase seems to have originated in the world of baseball , although some authorities claim priority for an alternative connotation .
the phrase seems to have originated in the world of baseball , although some authorities claim priority for an [other option] connotation .

The controversy between ‘ individual selection ’ and ‘ group selection ’ is a real controversy between alternative vehicles .
the controversy between ‘ individual selection ’ and ‘ group selection ’ is a real controversy between [other option] vehicles .

Now it is quite likely that there are two alternative pathways for arriving at that same end-product , each needing six different enzymes , and with nothing to choose between the two of them .
now it is quite likely that there are two [other option] pathways for arriving at that same end-product , each needing six different enzymes , and with nothing to choose between the two of them .

Another alternative is to buy in store cattle and sheep , selling out in the autumn to clear the land over the winter .
another [other option] is to buy in store cattle and sheep , selling out in the autumn to clear the land over the winter .

An alternative source of nitrogen will be required to ensure a rapid buildup of bacteria and the complete breakdown of cellulose .
an [other option] source of nitrogen will be required to ensure a rapid buildup of bacteria and the complete breakdown of cellulose .

Cultivations are then the only alternative until a grass break or green manure can allow soil life to regenerate and resume its proper role .
cultivations are then the only [other option] until a grass break or green manure can allow soil life to regenerate and resume its proper role .

Until you have time and money to build a barn , a rick-yard may be the only alternative .
until you have time and money to build a barn , a rick-yard may be the only [other option] .

The railway companies built stations to accommodate passengers who never materialized , to flatter a vanity which was shortly to meet its fall in the face of both economic recession and the rise of alternative modes of transportation .
the railway companies built stations to accommodate passengers who never materialized , to flatter a vanity which was shortly to meet its fall in the face of both economic recession and the rise of [other option] modes of transportation .

As for the future of schools themselves , one effect of a report requiring a massive expenditure of public funds was to turn political attention ( by those to the right of centre ) away from threatening plans for universal social security towards the milder , and less expensive , alternative of educational reform .
as for the future of schools themselves , one effect of a report requiring a massive expenditure of public funds was to turn political attention ( by those to the right of centre ) away from threatening plans for universal social security towards the milder , and less expensive , [other option] of educational reform .

In 1953 there had been 4,068 subject entries from secondary modern schools ; by 1966 there were 22,000 , the floodgates were open , and alternative public examinations were being developed nationally .
in 1953 there had been 4,068 subject entries from secondary modern schools ; by 1966 there were 22,000 , the floodgates were open , and [other option] public examinations were being developed nationally .

You must therefore find an architect , engineer or surveyor who has experience of old buildings and can provide an alternative , independent view .
you must therefore find an architect , engineer or surveyor who has experience of old buildings and can provide an [other option] , independent view .

Very often it will be possible to put forward an alternative or modified route , and sometimes , for an inquiry , the Department may undertake to draw this up in detail .
very often it will be possible to put forward an [other option] or modified route , and sometimes , for an inquiry , the department may undertake to draw this up in detail .

The exhibition also aimed to show the whole range of suitable alternative uses to which churches could be put — as theatres , concert halls , museums , arts and community centres , and libraries .
the exhibition also aimed to show the whole range of suitable [other option] uses to which churches could be put — as theatres , concert halls , museums , arts and community centres , and libraries .

Recommendation for vesting in the Fund , and for appropriate alternative uses , is made by the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches .
recommendation for vesting in the fund , and for appropriate [other option] uses , is made by the advisory board for redundant churches .

Attempts had been made to find alternative uses , but it was evident that nothing suitable was forthcoming .
attempts had been made to find [other option] uses , but it was evident that nothing suitable was forthcoming .

This is the moment for local and national societies to put forward schemes for alternative uses in detail and to question whether the church has been marketed in an effective fashion .
this is the moment for local and national societies to put forward schemes for [other option] uses in detail and to question whether the church has been marketed in an effective fashion .

This provides you with the opportunity to make objections in the same way as with any other listed building and to put forward alternative solutions .
this provides you with the opportunity to make objections in the same way as with any other listed building and to put forward [other option] solutions .

Permission is needed to demolish such buildings and this provides the opportunity to investigate suitable alternative uses .
permission is needed to demolish such buildings and this provides the opportunity to investigate suitable [other option] uses .

The best alternative use is likely to be one that not only leaves the exterior of the building unchanged , but one that involves minimal subdivision of the interior .
the best [other option] use is likely to be one that not only leaves the exterior of the building unchanged , but one that involves minimal subdivision of the interior .

In looking at alternative uses , the first question is to decide how much of the interior it is desirable or practical to preserve .
in looking at [other option] uses , the first question is to decide how much of the interior it is desirable or practical to preserve .

Where the minister and elders of a church have decided to pursue an application for demolition , remember they may only have come to this decision as a last resort , perhaps having received advice that there was no possibility of alternative use .
where the minister and elders of a church have decided to pursue an application for demolition , remember they may only have come to this decision as a last resort , perhaps having received advice that there was no possibility of [other option] use .

At the meeting , the most important point to convey is that your alternative proposals need not be to their detriment , either in financial terms or in the provision of any accommodation they may be hoping for in a new development on the site .
at the meeting , the most important point to convey is that your [other option] proposals need not be to their detriment , either in financial terms or in the provision of any accommodation they may be hoping for in a new development on the site .

Arguments such as these will weigh strongly with an inspector at a public inquiry , and there are numerous examples of local civic trusts and amenity societies working with local architects and surveyors to put up alternative schemes that will be far less damaging to their town .
arguments such as these will weigh strongly with an inspector at a public inquiry , and there are numerous examples of local civic trusts and amenity societies working with local architects and surveyors to put up [other option] schemes that will be far less damaging to their town .

The second alternative is to slot the new development in behind existing frontages .
the second [other option] is to slot the new development in behind existing frontages .

He wrote that the inspector had recommended the building for listing but the Greater London Council had convinced him and his colleagues that there was no alternative use and that listing would result in a ‘ very heavy loss of public funds ’ .
he wrote that the inspector had recommended the building for listing but the greater london council had convinced him and his colleagues that there was no [other option] use and that listing would result in a ‘ very heavy loss of public funds ’ .

‘ And they use one of three alternative routes in recognizable trucks .
‘ and they use one of three [other option] routes in recognizable trucks .

In search of an alternative
in search of an [other option]

Although the American achievement in obtaining high yields of penicillin from mould cultures was crucial to the practical introduction of penicillin on a worldwide scale , manufacture by chemical synthesis was naturally an attractive alternative .
although the american achievement in obtaining high yields of penicillin from mould cultures was crucial to the practical introduction of penicillin on a worldwide scale , manufacture by chemical synthesis was naturally an attractive [other option] .

Organisms resistant to penicillin , particularly staphylococci , became a major problem by about 1960 , especially in hospitals , and accelerated the search for alternative antibiotics and for modifications of penicillin which were resistant to the bacterial penicillinases .
organisms resistant to penicillin , particularly staphylococci , became a major problem by about 1960 , especially in hospitals , and accelerated the search for [other option] antibiotics and for modifications of penicillin which were resistant to the bacterial penicillinases .

Malaria was known to be associated with marshes : it was often called marsh fever , but the connection was not understood until certain mosquitoes were recognized as carriers of the disease and as alternative hosts of plasmodia .
malaria was known to be associated with marshes : it was often called marsh fever , but the connection was not understood until certain mosquitoes were recognized as carriers of the disease and as [other option] hosts of plasmodia .

The alternative approach to treating an infectious disease , by means of chemotherapy , made little progress until viruses could be grown and studied in cultures outside living organisms .
the [other option] approach to treating an infectious disease , by means of chemotherapy , made little progress until viruses could be grown and studied in cultures outside living organisms .

Many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of alternative drugs provides possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .
many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of [other option] drugs provides possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .

This had to be demolished to make way for the new library complex and it was impossible to find alternative accommodation for all the books stored there .
this had to be demolished to make way for the new library complex and it was impossible to find [other option] accommodation for all the books stored there .

Last September , the authors of a report on the quality of care offered at one of the country 's leading alternative therapy centres — the Bristol Cancer Help Clinic — held a press conference to announce their interim findings .
last september , the authors of a report on the quality of care offered at one of the country 's leading [other option] therapy centres — the bristol cancer help clinic — held a press conference to announce their interim findings .

There has been a long , ongoing battle between alternative medical practice and orthodox medicine — with the establishment maintaining the upper hand .
there has been a long , ongoing battle between [other option] medical practice and orthodox medicine — with the establishment maintaining the upper hand .

This is due in part to splits within the alternative movement .
this is due in part to splits within the [other option] movement .

They have a particular interest in keeping practitioners of alternative therapies at bay , if they are to maintain their monopolistic position in the health system .
they have a particular interest in keeping practitioners of [other option] therapies at bay , if they are to maintain their monopolistic position in the health system .

Thus , as far as the scientific community is concerned , the alternative movement is kept frozen in its subordinate position .
thus , as far as the scientific community is concerned , the [other option] movement is kept frozen in its subordinate position .

In the trials , women with breast cancer who had orthodox alone were apparently ‘ matched ’ for certain variables ( such as severity of disease , year of diagnosis , age , number of previous relapses , and the type of conventional treatment ) and compared with women with breast cancer who had both orthodox treatment and the alternative treatment offered at Bristol .
in the trials , women with breast cancer who had orthodox alone were apparently ‘ matched ’ for certain variables ( such as severity of disease , year of diagnosis , age , number of previous relapses , and the type of conventional treatment ) and compared with women with breast cancer who had both orthodox treatment and the [other option] treatment offered at bristol .

Funding has been withdrawn from Bristol and other similar therapeutic centres , and immense harm has been done to what was perceived as a growing trust and co-operation between alternative and orthodox medicine .
funding has been withdrawn from bristol and other similar therapeutic centres , and immense harm has been done to what was perceived as a growing trust and co-operation between [other option] and orthodox medicine .

Cecilia eventually hit out against the home 's petty rules and forced the social workers to come up with an alternative .
cecilia eventually hit out against the home 's petty rules and forced the social workers to come up with an [other option] .

He admits that the final sanction , the warrant sale , provides the only alternative .
he admits that the final sanction , the warrant sale , provides the only [other option] .

’ The only noise one hears at Edgware Road this morning is that of embittered commuters stomping away from locked gates and cursing as they plan alternative routes .
’ the only noise one hears at edgware road this morning is that of embittered commuters stomping away from locked gates and cursing as they plan [other option] routes .

However , it was the New English Bible and the Church of England 's Alternative Service which took the brunt of the prince 's speech as he presented the Thomas Cranmer Schools prize , sponsored jointly by the Spectator and the Prayer Book Society , at St James 's Church , Garlickhythe , in the City .
however , it was the new english bible and the church of england 's [other option] service which took the brunt of the prince 's speech as he presented the thomas cranmer schools prize , sponsored jointly by the spectator and the prayer book society , at st james 's church , garlickhythe , in the city .

Mr David Hebblethwaite , secretary of the Liturgical Commission which helped produce the Alternative Service , said that if one translated the service back into the language of even 50 years ago , it would be ‘ pretty incomprehensible ’ .
mr david hebblethwaite , secretary of the liturgical commission which helped produce the [other option] service , said that if one translated the service back into the language of even 50 years ago , it would be ‘ pretty incomprehensible ’ .

However , it was the New English Bible and the Church of England 's Alternative Service which took the brunt of the prince 's speech as he presented the Thomas Cranmer Schools prize , sponsored jointly by the Spectator and the Prayer Book Society , at St James 's Church , Garlickhythe , in the City .
however , it was the new english bible and the church of england 's [other option] service which took the brunt of the prince 's speech as he presented the thomas cranmer schools prize , sponsored jointly by the spectator and the prayer book society , at st james 's church , garlickhythe , in the city .

Mr David Hebblethwaite , secretary of the Liturgical Commission which helped produce the Alternative Service , said that if one translated the service back into the language of even 50 years ago , it would be ‘ pretty incomprehensible ’ .
mr david hebblethwaite , secretary of the liturgical commission which helped produce the [other option] service , said that if one translated the service back into the language of even 50 years ago , it would be ‘ pretty incomprehensible ’ .

Mr Maude dismissed the alternative policies offered .
mr maude dismissed the [other option] policies offered .

Roy Wegerle , the £1 million Rangers newcomer who has declared himself available to the United States , was last night offered the chance of an alternative route to the World Cup next summer by Bobby Robson .
roy wegerle , the £1 million rangers newcomer who has declared himself available to the united states , was last night offered the chance of an [other option] route to the world cup next summer by bobby robson .

No-one saw him as an alternative to the increasingly-authoritarian left-wing regime of Maurice Bishop in the early 1980s .
no-one saw him as an [other option] to the increasingly-authoritarian left-wing regime of maurice bishop in the early 1980s .

The Centre for Alternative Technology soon goes public , reports Trevor Blackwell Shares and share alike .
the centre for [other option] technology soon goes public , reports trevor blackwell shares and share alike .

Dedicated to demonstrating and popularising alternative , sustainable ways of using energy — sun , wind and water power — it is now the second most popular tourist attraction in Wales , drawing 1,000 visitors a day in the summer .
dedicated to demonstrating and popularising [other option] , sustainable ways of using energy — sun , wind and water power — it is now the second most popular tourist attraction in wales , drawing 1,000 visitors a day in the summer .

What makes it so special is the people who live and work there , who do n't just talk about the need for alternative technologies , or even just demonstrate workable alternatives but actually live by them .
what makes it so special is the people who live and work there , who do n't just talk about the need for [other option] technologies , or even just demonstrate workable alternatives but actually live by them .

Turning his attention to Mr Havel , the Prime Minister said , ‘ It is the government 's opinion that there is no alternative [ to him ] . ’
turning his attention to mr havel , the prime minister said , ‘ it is the government 's opinion that there is no [other option] [ to him ] . ’

Chief Superintendent McLean has an alternative explanation .
chief superintendent mclean has an [other option] explanation .

The alternative , if three of the commoners continued to hold out , would be for them all to claim compensation for lost rights from the Lands Tribunal .
the [other option] , if three of the commoners continued to hold out , would be for them all to claim compensation for lost rights from the lands tribunal .

But he insisted that there was no alternative if Hungary was to gain the confidence of the international credit institutions and seek to heal the economic crisis .
but he insisted that there was no [other option] if hungary was to gain the confidence of the international credit institutions and seek to heal the economic crisis .

‘ There is no alternative to our programme .
‘ there is no [other option] to our programme .

Northwest 's Paris sales manager , Mr Frederic Wuatelet , said a steady stream of passengers had accepted the offer of an alternative flight after the airline 's head office in St Paul , Minnesota , revealed that a man with a Middle Eastern accent had telephoned the company and threatened Flight 51 .
northwest 's paris sales manager , mr frederic wuatelet , said a steady stream of passengers had accepted the offer of an [other option] flight after the airline 's head office in st paul , minnesota , revealed that a man with a middle eastern accent had telephoned the company and threatened flight 51 .

But an alternative now exists to the crowded landfill — tree cycling .
but an [other option] now exists to the crowded landfill — tree cycling .

Egypt 's nuclear power industry is still in the design phase , but according to Mr. Kandil , nuclear power was the only clean energy alternative for Egypt : ‘ If developed countries want to enjoy a good climate , they should give us these plants at lower cost .
egypt 's nuclear power industry is still in the design phase , but according to mr. kandil , nuclear power was the only clean energy [other option] for egypt : ‘ if developed countries want to enjoy a good climate , they should give us these plants at lower cost .

In the hot debate that followed , the benefits of fuel efficiency and alternative renewable energies sources were argued persuasively by one of the acknowledged international experts in the field , but neither minister appeared to be actually listening to Amory Lovins of the American Rocky Mountain Institute .
in the hot debate that followed , the benefits of fuel efficiency and [other option] renewable energies sources were argued persuasively by one of the acknowledged international experts in the field , but neither minister appeared to be actually listening to amory lovins of the american rocky mountain institute .

They could have a profound effect upon the motor industry worldwide , since the standards can be met only with use of electric cars and alternative fuels .
they could have a profound effect upon the motor industry worldwide , since the standards can be met only with use of electric cars and [other option] fuels .

Twenty years old , the Range Rover is still the only serious off-roader that makes a convincing alternative to a luxury saloon .
twenty years old , the range rover is still the only serious off-roader that makes a convincing [other option] to a luxury saloon .

Obviously we lose money if clubs start cancelling matches but we are fortunate to have alternative waters , ’ said Roger .
obviously we lose money if clubs start cancelling matches but we are fortunate to have [other option] waters , ’ said roger .

Lyneburn cod to 10 lb , mainly to lug and rag with razorfish a good alternative .
lyneburn cod to 10 lb , mainly to lug and rag with razorfish a good [other option] .

Customising global marketing — an alternative approach
customising global marketing — an [other option] approach

6 Customising global marketing — an alternative approach
6 customising global marketing — an [other option] approach

Electrical household goods may be unsuitable for many countries , for example , but the application of a creative marketing process may lead to alternative inexpensive , manually operated machinery being developed which can be both produced easily and suit the needs of the population .
electrical household goods may be unsuitable for many countries , for example , but the application of a creative marketing process may lead to [other option] inexpensive , manually operated machinery being developed which can be both produced easily and suit the needs of the population .

Tests of alternative sales presentations . Secondary data
tests of [other option] sales presentations . secondary data

As an alternative to 100% ownership and control , what about alternative arrangements such as a partnership or joint venture ?
as an [other option] to 100% ownership and control , what about [other option] arrangements such as a partnership or joint venture ?

For a manufacturing company , alternative product/market strategies are set out in the tables below .
for a manufacturing company , [other option] product/market strategies are set out in the tables below .

Those commentators who blame Labour for not pursuing an alternative set of more socially just proposals in the conditions of August 1931 ought rather to blame the electorate for not giving Labour sufficient support to form a majority government in 1929 .
those commentators who blame labour for not pursuing an [other option] set of more socially just proposals in the conditions of august 1931 ought rather to blame the electorate for not giving labour sufficient support to form a majority government in 1929 .

The question then arose of what alternative government was available .
the question then arose of what [other option] government was available .

It was for this reason that he felt compelled to offer the Liberals the alternative vote , an electoral system which would have the effect of entrenching the third party as part of the political system .
it was for this reason that he felt compelled to offer the liberals the [other option] vote , an electoral system which would have the effect of entrenching the third party as part of the political system .

An alternative to shortening the period scope would be to expand the work to two volumes , the first to cover the period c.1660–1832 and the second the period from 1832 to the present day .
an [other option] to shortening the period scope would be to expand the work to two volumes , the first to cover the period c.1660–1832 and the second the period from 1832 to the present day .

To date no one has produced a more succinct or more plausible definition of Conservatism , and certainly neither Honderich nor Eccleshall has provided an adequate alternative .
to date no one has produced a more succinct or more plausible definition of conservatism , and certainly neither honderich nor eccleshall has provided an adequate [other option] .

The effort which the Conservative party put into developing a positive alternative to the new liberal collectivism was , apparently , all a gigantic fraud , a disguise for the individualist principles which Conservatives held in private .
the effort which the conservative party put into developing a positive [other option] to the new liberal collectivism was , apparently , all a gigantic fraud , a disguise for the individualist principles which conservatives held in private .

Indeed , the only serious alternative to the radical , collectivist strategy that was canvassed was a reassembled ‘ Salisbury approach ’ , based on a defensive rather than counter-offensive strategy .
indeed , the only serious [other option] to the radical , collectivist strategy that was canvassed was a reassembled ‘ salisbury approach ’ , based on a defensive rather than counter-offensive strategy .

She made between 70 and 90 blouses a week which , despite the low rate of pay , compares well with what she might have got as a part-time worker in a sweat shop , the most likely alternative .
she made between 70 and 90 blouses a week which , despite the low rate of pay , compares well with what she might have got as a part-time worker in a sweat shop , the most likely [other option] .

Firstly Muslims ( like Christians and unlike Hindus ) have set prayers which should be said during the day , so that Christian prayers can be regarded as a threat or at least an alternative to Islam , and secondly , while Hindu and Sikh parents often regard Christian prayers for their children as so much water off a duck 's back , Muslims , again like Christians or religious Jews , object to any other religious influence on their children .
firstly muslims ( like christians and unlike hindus ) have set prayers which should be said during the day , so that christian prayers can be regarded as a threat or at least an [other option] to islam , and secondly , while hindu and sikh parents often regard christian prayers for their children as so much water off a duck 's back , muslims , again like christians or religious jews , object to any other religious influence on their children .

The beach had been promised the night before , but rain had obliged an alternative treat .
the beach had been promised the night before , but rain had obliged an [other option] treat .

We tried every way to find them alternative jobs .
we tried every way to find them [other option] jobs .

Without underestimating the possibility that we may still witness some increase of private medical insurance , it would not be realistic to pretend that one can see how an alternative system could now grow up beside , or be substituted for , the channelling of this £1,000 million of the national income through government agencies .
without underestimating the possibility that we may still witness some increase of private medical insurance , it would not be realistic to pretend that one can see how an [other option] system could now grow up beside , or be substituted for , the channelling of this £1,000 million of the national income through government agencies .

This is so stupid that you might wonder why the employers did not plump for the other alternative — until you come to look at it !
this is so stupid that you might wonder why the employers did not plump for the other [other option] — until you come to look at it !

The words ‘ reasonably satisfied ’ and ‘ substantially fewer ’ are selected deliberately ; for the alternative is so grave that the choice ought not to be made on only a narrow margin of evidence or probability .
the words ‘ reasonably satisfied ’ and ‘ substantially fewer ’ are selected deliberately ; for the [other option] is so grave that the choice ought not to be made on only a narrow margin of evidence or probability .

As usual with any major historical event , the causes can be perceived at alternative levels , and as usual all are — partially — true .
as usual with any major historical event , the causes can be perceived at [other option] levels , and as usual all are — partially — true .

For lack of alternative parties or serious candidates with known individual characters to vote for , a gulf opened up between the isolated villagers on the one hand and the Roslavl ' or Smolensk Party men on the other , intent on modelling themselves strictly on Smolensk or Moscow prototypes and on Moscow 's instructions .
for lack of [other option] parties or serious candidates with known individual characters to vote for , a gulf opened up between the isolated villagers on the one hand and the roslavl ' or smolensk party men on the other , intent on modelling themselves strictly on smolensk or moscow prototypes and on moscow 's instructions .

The second alternative would take a long time to achieve .
the second [other option] would take a long time to achieve .

Neither alternative was anywhere near implemented by 1926 , let alone in 1922 .
neither [other option] was anywhere near implemented by 1926 , let alone in 1922 .

‘ Well , Boyo , it 's either this or that , ’ said Taff , pointing to the alternative — a large piece of meat that had been roasted over a fire and looked most unappetising .
‘ well , boyo , it 's either this or that , ’ said taff , pointing to the [other option] — a large piece of meat that had been roasted over a fire and looked most unappetising .

Rachel proposed an alternative .
rachel proposed an [other option] .

Situationist cinema is therefore important , indeed , self-important , not least because it provides ‘ an alternative sort of cinematic activity , incompatible with the economy of the spectacle ’ .
situationist cinema is therefore important , indeed , self-important , not least because it provides ‘ an [other option] sort of cinematic activity , incompatible with the economy of the spectacle ’ .

Then , when you got inside , you could see how this man had come to run something as bizarre as The Alternative Miss World — with its transvestites and concept artists .
then , when you got inside , you could see how this man had come to run something as bizarre as the [other option] miss world — with its transvestites and concept artists .

It is Government 's aim to create a class of full time professional farmers with sufficient land to provide a reasonable standard of living and , as a corollary , gradually to squeeze the subsistence cultivator off the land into full time alternative employment … the Master Farmers Scheme was designed to create and develop such farmers .
it is government 's aim to create a class of full time professional farmers with sufficient land to provide a reasonable standard of living and , as a corollary , gradually to squeeze the subsistence cultivator off the land into full time [other option] employment … the master farmers scheme was designed to create and develop such farmers .

In the 1988 elections to the National Assembly in Cameroun , the two alternative lists of candidates , under a proportional representation system , were consistently doctored to make them indistinguishable from each other .
in the 1988 elections to the national assembly in cameroun , the two [other option] lists of candidates , under a proportional representation system , were consistently doctored to make them indistinguishable from each other .

Democratization will come gradually as the new urban interest groups flex their muscles as alternative centres of power .
democratization will come gradually as the new urban interest groups flex their muscles as [other option] centres of power .

The remaining aircraft attacked alternative targets .
the remaining aircraft attacked [other option] targets .

After two or three hours , Harry say a sign indicating that Hamburg was 300 kilometres away , and he took this road as he knew Lubeck might be an alternative if no vessels for Sweden were berthed in the larger port .
after two or three hours , harry say a sign indicating that hamburg was 300 kilometres away , and he took this road as he knew lubeck might be an [other option] if no vessels for sweden were berthed in the larger port .

The ‘ Glorious Twelfth ’ signalled the start of the first ‘ Haggis Shoot ’ of the season — a kindly alternative to the usual grouse .
the ‘ glorious twelfth ’ signalled the start of the first ‘ haggis shoot ’ of the season — a kindly [other option] to the usual grouse .

He succeeded amply in Labour 's main objective of defeating the Alliance as the main alternative to the Conservatives .
he succeeded amply in labour 's main objective of defeating the alliance as the main [other option] to the conservatives .

But his alternative , more flexible approach had proved fallible also .
but his [other option] , more flexible approach had proved fallible also .

Much of the electoral strength of the Thatcher government was based on the claim that ‘ there was no alternative ’ .
much of the electoral strength of the thatcher government was based on the claim that ‘ there was no [other option] ’ .

The real and only alternative to Thatcherism , at least for the foreseeable future , was a return of the old two-party system , with Labour moving back towards credibility .
the real and only [other option] to thatcherism , at least for the foreseeable future , was a return of the old two-party system , with labour moving back towards credibility .

By the eighties , affluence was expressed , to a growing degree , in the purchase of a second home , often by city-dwellers whose alternative residence hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in Wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists , the ‘ Sons of Glyn Dŵr ’ , punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s .
by the eighties , affluence was expressed , to a growing degree , in the purchase of a second home , often by city-dwellers whose [other option] residence hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists , the ‘ sons of glyn dŵr ’ , punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s .

In its fashion , the Labour Party also subscribed to this nostalgia , albeit directed towards Labour 's alternative ‘ people 's history ’ .
in its fashion , the labour party also subscribed to this nostalgia , albeit directed towards labour 's [other option] ‘ people 's history ’ .

Alternative Activities
[other option] activities

When in fruit the lower part of the flower inflates and the ripe seed inside can rattle around , giving this plant the alternative name of ‘ red rattle ’ .
when in fruit the lower part of the flower inflates and the ripe seed inside can rattle around , giving this plant the [other option] name of ‘ red rattle ’ .

’ Lack of an alternative summer team sport protected cricket between the wars and it benefited from a brief post-1945 resurgence in numbers , but then numbers fell so dramatically that by 1965 they stood at about a third of the post-1945 years .
’ lack of an [other option] summer team sport protected cricket between the wars and it benefited from a brief post-1945 resurgence in numbers , but then numbers fell so dramatically that by 1965 they stood at about a third of the post-1945 years .

An alternative perspective comes from looking at what they did rather than what they said .
an [other option] perspective comes from looking at what they did rather than what they said .

Everyone has their idea of what Chancellor Norman Lamont should bring the motorist on Tuesday . David Sutherland canvasses some alternative budgets
everyone has their idea of what chancellor norman lamont should bring the motorist on tuesday . david sutherland canvasses some [other option] budgets

Since the ‘ history of belief and feeling ’ can not be traced , it is impossible to conclude which alternative is the true one .
since the ‘ history of belief and feeling ’ can not be traced , it is impossible to conclude which [other option] is the true one .

The support for the status quo in these two areas had been ‘ soft ’ , with the public acquiescing because there appeared to be no politically workable alternative .
the support for the status quo in these two areas had been ‘ soft ’ , with the public acquiescing because there appeared to be no politically workable [other option] .

As past achievements are taken for granted and new challenges emerge , so voters may look for alternative leaders .
as past achievements are taken for granted and new challenges emerge , so voters may look for [other option] leaders .

The critiques and the alternative policies found an audience because of a number of worrying developments in the mid-1970s ( Chapter 5 ) , independently of the campaigns of Sir Keith Joseph and Mrs Thatcher .
the critiques and the [other option] policies found an audience because of a number of worrying developments in the mid-1970s ( chapter 5 ) , independently of the campaigns of sir keith joseph and mrs thatcher .

But what are in one sense dramatically opposed kinds of relationship are in another simply alternative celebrations of masculinity .
but what are in one sense dramatically opposed kinds of relationship are in another simply [other option] celebrations of masculinity .

Not surprisingly , Orton 's anarchic irresponsibility was thought by some to go too far , not just in what he actually did , but in the refusal in his work to confront established morality with an earnest moral alternative .
not surprisingly , orton 's anarchic irresponsibility was thought by some to go too far , not just in what he actually did , but in the refusal in his work to confront established morality with an earnest moral [other option] .

In the final campaign , Conservative propaganda focused on defence and Kinnock himself provided a target for attack in a TV-am interview with David Frost in which , his opponents alleged , he advocated a strategy of guerrilla war as an alternative to nuclear weapons .
in the final campaign , conservative propaganda focused on defence and kinnock himself provided a target for attack in a tv-am interview with david frost in which , his opponents alleged , he advocated a strategy of guerrilla war as an [other option] to nuclear weapons .

They are evidence of efficient , determined , and forceful government , the alternative to which is drift , lack of authority , and chaos .
they are evidence of efficient , determined , and forceful government , the [other option] to which is drift , lack of authority , and chaos .

Whale ( 1977 , p. 80 ) has justified unregulated commercial control of the press by arguing that ‘ a newspaper controlled by a commercial group writes inhibitedly about a handful of concerns at most ; a paper owned by the state , the effective alternative , would be guarded in its outlook on whole areas of the national life ’ .
whale ( 1977 , p. 80 ) has justified unregulated commercial control of the press by arguing that ‘ a newspaper controlled by a commercial group writes inhibitedly about a handful of concerns at most ; a paper owned by the state , the effective [other option] , would be guarded in its outlook on whole areas of the national life ’ .

His critique of the alternative is more convincing than his defence of the status quo .
his critique of the [other option] is more convincing than his defence of the status quo .

If there were a huge demand for a quality left-wing paper then sales of the Guardian would increase sharply and ( less certainly ) an enterprising businessman might provide another left-wing alternative .
if there were a huge demand for a quality left-wing paper then sales of the guardian would increase sharply and ( less certainly ) an enterprising businessman might provide another left-wing [other option] .

( For an extended discussion of alternative approaches to media reform see Curran , 1986 . )
( for an extended discussion of [other option] approaches to media reform see curran , 1986 . )

The capitalist system implied a monopoly of these ‘ means of production ’ in the hands of the few , so that the workers had no alternative but to work for the capitalist and on his terms in order to survive .
the capitalist system implied a monopoly of these ‘ means of production ’ in the hands of the few , so that the workers had no [other option] but to work for the capitalist and on his terms in order to survive .

More important for them is the other alternative which can follow the first primitive stage : feudalism .
more important for them is the other [other option] which can follow the first primitive stage : feudalism .

In this way Marx and Engels give us an alternative to the idealist philosophies which they reject .
in this way marx and engels give us an [other option] to the idealist philosophies which they reject .

We are not yet in a position , therefore , to replace Marx 's and Engels 's view with a clear alternative specifying under what conditions a society based on slavery is likely to occur , but similarly we can not accept Marx 's and Engels 's theory fully .
we are not yet in a position , therefore , to replace marx 's and engels 's view with a clear [other option] specifying under what conditions a society based on slavery is likely to occur , but similarly we can not accept marx 's and engels 's theory fully .

The alternative is one-man rule , thievery and special privileges , ’ said one newspaper editorial .
the [other option] is one-man rule , thievery and special privileges , ’ said one newspaper editorial .

By 2008 all new cars , and lawnmowers , must run on alternative fuels or electric motors of a kind not yet invented .
by 2008 all new cars , and lawnmowers , must run on [other option] fuels or electric motors of a kind not yet invented .

‘ At present they are only alternative television , ’ Martin said .
‘ at present they are only [other option] television , ’ martin said .

The Democrats have been calling Mr Bush 's aid plan ‘ grossly inadequate ’ and have been determined to produce an alternative that would increase the aid to the eastern European countries .
the democrats have been calling mr bush 's aid plan ‘ grossly inadequate ’ and have been determined to produce an [other option] that would increase the aid to the eastern european countries .

William Hill , who sponsor the big handicap , are now offering with-a-run odds against the whole field and quote Shellac , who has alternative engagements , at 6-1 .
william hill , who sponsor the big handicap , are now offering with-a-run odds against the whole field and quote shellac , who has [other option] engagements , at 6-1 .

Sports Talk / Botham 's alternative winter tour : James Rampton previews An Evening With Ian Botham
sports talk / botham 's [other option] winter tour : james rampton previews an evening with ian botham

The surgeons , he said , are ‘ unanimous ’ that there is ‘ no alternative to the closure of the accident and emergency department ’ .
the surgeons , he said , are ‘ unanimous ’ that there is ‘ no [other option] to the closure of the accident and emergency department ’ .

Discarded by England for their tour of the West Indies , Botham has launched an alternative and considerably more lucrative winter career , a grandly titled ‘ Lecture Tour ’ of Britain .
discarded by england for their tour of the west indies , botham has launched an [other option] and considerably more lucrative winter career , a grandly titled ‘ lecture tour ’ of britain .

Doolittle has based himself on what seems a pellucidly consequential and intelligently written play by Rex Deverell ( also the librettist ) ; and though the piece is offered as ‘ best suited … to alternative audiences ’ , it cuts an oddly respectable figure in the modestly louche surroundings of Chapter .
doolittle has based himself on what seems a pellucidly consequential and intelligently written play by rex deverell ( also the librettist ) ; and though the piece is offered as ‘ best suited … to [other option] audiences ’ , it cuts an oddly respectable figure in the modestly louche surroundings of chapter .

That being so , the vice-chancellors are acting responsibly to explore alternative sources of funding .
that being so , the vice-chancellors are acting responsibly to explore [other option] sources of funding .

He also sold up and left because the only alternative in these miserable circumstances is to spend the rest of your life living next door to someone who will never speak to you again .
he also sold up and left because the only [other option] in these miserable circumstances is to spend the rest of your life living next door to someone who will never speak to you again .

An alternative approach is to apply the highest level of theory currently feasible for a system of its size .
an [other option] approach is to apply the highest level of theory currently feasible for a system of its size .

Studies on a range of alternative singlet forms of basic hydrocarbons have been done .
studies on a range of [other option] singlet forms of basic hydrocarbons have been done .

The development of alternative , environmentally safer energy technologies or the expansion of the nuclear power industry are two further contrasting options to help combat global pollution .
the development of [other option] , environmentally safer energy technologies or the expansion of the nuclear power industry are two further contrasting options to help combat global pollution .

Rather than the expected planar monocyclic cation ( cf , an alternative structure as observed with two rings joined to form an cation ( Fig. 1 ) in which each of the component rings provides one electron for a unique type of interaction through four sulphur atoms .
rather than the expected planar monocyclic cation ( cf , an [other option] structure as observed with two rings joined to form an cation ( fig. 1 ) in which each of the component rings provides one electron for a unique type of interaction through four sulphur atoms .

It was not until 1837 that the beautiful pair of wrought-iron gates , which had been at the entrance to Heathfield House , facing Turnham Green , were purchased by the Duke of Devonshire for the main entrance to Chiswick House , created as the alternative to the old main entrance off Lord Burlington 's Lane .
it was not until 1837 that the beautiful pair of wrought-iron gates , which had been at the entrance to heathfield house , facing turnham green , were purchased by the duke of devonshire for the main entrance to chiswick house , created as the [other option] to the old main entrance off lord burlington 's lane .

In Italy , a general strike in May 1922 , enabled Mussolini 's Fascists to drive the Communist Administration of Bologna out of office , and later that year , Mussolini unseated the government and handed over the administration to the King and the Army , which left the Italian King with little alternative but to ask Mussolini to form a new government , which was sworn-in on 31st .
in italy , a general strike in may 1922 , enabled mussolini 's fascists to drive the communist administration of bologna out of office , and later that year , mussolini unseated the government and handed over the administration to the king and the army , which left the italian king with little [other option] but to ask mussolini to form a new government , which was sworn-in on 31st .

Because of the high unemployment and history of redundancies in Teesside , they viewed the farm as a valuable asset and possible alternative employment , but whilst they are in work the farm assumes much less significance .
because of the high unemployment and history of redundancies in teesside , they viewed the farm as a valuable asset and possible [other option] employment , but whilst they are in work the farm assumes much less significance .

Some wives saw the farm as an alternative to going out to work .
some wives saw the farm as an [other option] to going out to work .

Alternative Forms of Training
[other option] forms of training

Possible ways of improving the situation included : the provision of a welfare scheme of holiday and sickness relief like that in Norway ; the identification and training of a farmer substitute ; and the provision of alternative work techniques and better handling facilities .
possible ways of improving the situation included : the provision of a welfare scheme of holiday and sickness relief like that in norway ; the identification and training of a farmer substitute ; and the provision of [other option] work techniques and better handling facilities .

Such alternative approaches were open to him at the material time .
such [other option] approaches were open to him at the material time .

They also had no alternative to Mr Gaidar 's policies of tight monetary discipline .
they also had no [other option] to mr gaidar 's policies of tight monetary discipline .

Animal production systems are extremely diverse because of the seasonality of plant production , the opportunities and problems for fodder conservation , the range of alternative animal foods available , the class and type of animal and the product of the enterprise .
animal production systems are extremely diverse because of the seasonality of plant production , the opportunities and problems for fodder conservation , the range of [other option] animal foods available , the class and type of animal and the product of the enterprise .

Alternative strategies for the use of this land are the subject of considerable contemporary argument and debate .
[other option] strategies for the use of this land are the subject of considerable contemporary argument and debate .

An alternative view ( 13 ) is that because these areas contribute only 7 % of the gross agricultural output their contribution is of little importance and is sustained at an unacceptable cost to the nation .
an [other option] view ( 13 ) is that because these areas contribute only 7 % of the gross agricultural output their contribution is of little importance and is sustained at an unacceptable cost to the nation .

In contrast , an alternative approach is to invest so as to increase production .
in contrast , an [other option] approach is to invest so as to increase production .

It seems essential that critical studies should be undertaken to examine the consequences not only to agriculture but also to visual amenity , recreation , conservation , etc , of alternative afforestation strategies .
it seems essential that critical studies should be undertaken to examine the consequences not only to agriculture but also to visual amenity , recreation , conservation , etc , of [other option] afforestation strategies .

Henceforth probation work will no longer be an alternative to punishment but an alternative form of punishment .
henceforth probation work will no longer be an [other option] to punishment but an [other option] form of punishment .

An alternative non-punitive paradigm of probation practice is described .
an [other option] non-punitive paradigm of probation practice is described .

In Somerset the management of the Probation Service has reached an agreement with the local and neighbouring courts that Schedule 11 probation orders , that is , orders containing day centre or specified activity requirements , are operated as a direct alternative to custody .
in somerset the management of the probation service has reached an agreement with the local and neighbouring courts that schedule 11 probation orders , that is , orders containing day centre or specified activity requirements , are operated as a direct [other option] to custody .

In some areas , where the potential for agricultural development is limited , greater attention will have to be paid to the generation of alternative forms of production and employment appropriate to the available resources .
in some areas , where the potential for agricultural development is limited , greater attention will have to be paid to the generation of [other option] forms of production and employment appropriate to the available resources .

High structural unemployment makes alternative thinking about labour intensivity , for example more acceptable ; with less money available , small scale and community based schemes , using local resources and motivated by indigenous imagination stand far more chance of getting off the ground , provided they can obtain the right kind of encouragement and support .
high structural unemployment makes [other option] thinking about labour intensivity , for example more acceptable ; with less money available , small scale and community based schemes , using local resources and motivated by indigenous imagination stand far more chance of getting off the ground , provided they can obtain the right kind of encouragement and support .

The energy crisis has suddenly made governments show extraordinary interest in investing large sums in research into alternative energy sources .
the energy crisis has suddenly made governments show extraordinary interest in investing large sums in research into [other option] energy sources .

This alternative process made it possible for the first time to obtain 1- tert -alkyl , 1-cycloalkyl , 1-aryl , 1-heteroaryl and 1-aminoquinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acid derivatives by combined acylation and arylation ( aracylation ) of enamines and enhydrazines with o -halo- ( het ) aroyl halides .
this [other option] process made it possible for the first time to obtain 1- tert -alkyl , 1-cycloalkyl , 1-aryl , 1-heteroaryl and 1-aminoquinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acid derivatives by combined acylation and arylation ( aracylation ) of enamines and enhydrazines with o -halo- ( het ) aroyl halides .

He reminded everyone that good often comes out of change dictated by environmental considerations , for example his own company became involved in titanium dioxide extraction when looking for an alternative to white lead .
he reminded everyone that good often comes out of change dictated by environmental considerations , for example his own company became involved in titanium dioxide extraction when looking for an [other option] to white lead .

The greatest attraction of the alternative programme is the two free days which most players would have each week for rest , recovery from injuries and practice .
the greatest attraction of the [other option] programme is the two free days which most players would have each week for rest , recovery from injuries and practice .

We had navigated the 10-minute ritual of telling Peggy Sue which of the nine alternative piscatorial preparations we preferred ; coffee and iced water were in place ; salad and Thousand Island on the way . Then she said : ‘ Y'all want Hush Puppies with your Trout Eisenhower ? ’
we had navigated the 10-minute ritual of telling peggy sue which of the nine [other option] piscatorial preparations we preferred ; coffee and iced water were in place ; salad and thousand island on the way . then she said : ‘ y'all want hush puppies with your trout eisenhower ? ’

Early conceptual clarification ( Petch , 1987 ) confirmed both greater diversity than the simple dichotomy and the presence of alternative dimensions , for example decentralization and accountability , which both parallel and cross-cut the organizational debate .
early conceptual clarification ( petch , 1987 ) confirmed both greater diversity than the simple dichotomy and the presence of [other option] dimensions , for example decentralization and accountability , which both parallel and cross-cut the organizational debate .

to recommend a wider range of alternative services .
to recommend a wider range of [other option] services .

Though because of small expected frequencies it is difficult to demonstrate significance , the specialist team seemed more likely to provide an alternative service than the generic team .
though because of small expected frequencies it is difficult to demonstrate significance , the specialist team seemed more likely to provide an [other option] service than the generic team .

These ‘ glimpses ’ , however , are tenuous , and no doubt capable of alternative explanations .
these ‘ glimpses ’ , however , are tenuous , and no doubt capable of [other option] explanations .

to create and support alternative forms of accommodation ;
to create and support [other option] forms of accommodation ;

The Welfare Rights programme was one of the first successes to complement the work on alternative forms of accommodation and one of the most effective means of mobilizing non-social services resources .
the welfare rights programme was one of the first successes to complement the work on [other option] forms of accommodation and one of the most effective means of mobilizing non-social services resources .

few would deny that the CMHTs almost immediately ran into problems due to the squeeze on local authority budgets and found themselves scrabbling around for alternative resources ;
few would deny that the cmhts almost immediately ran into problems due to the squeeze on local authority budgets and found themselves scrabbling around for [other option] resources ;

Above all , the CMHTs pointed to the heavy demands implicit in their own definition of success : the creation of a full range of services , not just alternative accommodation , and responsiveness to continuous changes in need and capacity rather than a once and for all move from one living environment to another .
above all , the cmhts pointed to the heavy demands implicit in their own definition of success : the creation of a full range of services , not just [other option] accommodation , and responsiveness to continuous changes in need and capacity rather than a once and for all move from one living environment to another .

Based on their extensive studies on behalf of the National Association of Social Workers into differential use of social welfare personnel , Barker and Briggs ( 1968 ) developed a fairly sophisticated conception of how the social service team would work , and they offered it as an alternative to previously specified models of staff differentiation and utilization .
based on their extensive studies on behalf of the national association of social workers into differential use of social welfare personnel , barker and briggs ( 1968 ) developed a fairly sophisticated conception of how the social service team would work , and they offered it as an [other option] to previously specified models of staff differentiation and utilization .

In an attempt to address this situation , alternative approaches to worker certification and improved opportunities for advancement have been developed in some countries .
in an attempt to address this situation , [other option] approaches to worker certification and improved opportunities for advancement have been developed in some countries .

The non-distressed friend would here be in the role of a social worker inviting the distressed friend to consider a possible alternative interpretation of the situation .
the non-distressed friend would here be in the role of a social worker inviting the distressed friend to consider a possible [other option] interpretation of the situation .

With the continued growth of non-governmental services and initiatives in the 1970s and 1980s , not just of the ‘ established ’ kind but also of self-help and ‘ alternative ’ projects , the complexity of the task of coordination exceeded the potential of the legislation and became at times messy .
with the continued growth of non-governmental services and initiatives in the 1970s and 1980s , not just of the ‘ established ’ kind but also of self-help and ‘ [other option] ’ projects , the complexity of the task of coordination exceeded the potential of the legislation and became at times messy .

If half the funds and the intellectual effort which has gone towards developing strategies for finding alternative families had been put into what we can only lamely call preventative work there would be unquestionable advantage to all concerned . ( House of Commons , 1984 , p. xix )
if half the funds and the intellectual effort which has gone towards developing strategies for finding [other option] families had been put into what we can only lamely call preventative work there would be unquestionable advantage to all concerned . ( house of commons , 1984 , p. xix )

It is possible in fact that the extent to which agricultural work is carried out depends greatly on the availability and profitability of alternative sources of employment .
it is possible in fact that the extent to which agricultural work is carried out depends greatly on the availability and profitability of [other option] sources of employment .

The gate start is an alternative to conventional line starting and is sometimes used to start large fleets .
the gate start is an [other option] to conventional line starting and is sometimes used to start large fleets .

The British Government rejected the Sleipner gas deal and whether or not alternative import arrangements will be made remains to be seen .
the british government rejected the sleipner gas deal and whether or not [other option] import arrangements will be made remains to be seen .

In 1983 gas , coal and nuclear power accounted for 16% , 9% and 1% respectively of energy demand and it is gas which is establishing itself as the most significant oil alternative .
in 1983 gas , coal and nuclear power accounted for 16% , 9% and 1% respectively of energy demand and it is gas which is establishing itself as the most significant oil [other option] .

Considerable interest exists in alternative energy supply systems in the Netherlands .
considerable interest exists in [other option] energy supply systems in the netherlands .

The first is to increase production through new discoveries — the second is to encourage alternative fuels .
the first is to increase production through new discoveries — the second is to encourage [other option] fuels .

There was no alternative now the bus was stopped and the passengers ' amusement turning to impatience .
there was no [other option] now the bus was stopped and the passengers ' amusement turning to impatience .

There was no alternative route .
there was no [other option] route .

An alternative is to make the loan in terms of a foreign currency which is expected to retain its real value .
an [other option] is to make the loan in terms of a foreign currency which is expected to retain its real value .

If a government can not bring itself to introduce a completely free market for foreign exchange ( at least for current transactions ) , there are many possible alternative policies .
if a government can not bring itself to introduce a completely free market for foreign exchange ( at least for current transactions ) , there are many possible [other option] policies .

But under the rules of self-management direct investment is heavily discouraged , since the investing firms can obtain no long-term control over the management of their ‘ subsidiaries ’ , and have no prospect of receiving reasonable profits ( or even other alternative advantages ) .
but under the rules of self-management direct investment is heavily discouraged , since the investing firms can obtain no long-term control over the management of their ‘ subsidiaries ’ , and have no prospect of receiving reasonable profits ( or even other [other option] advantages ) .

Not all that long ago the term ‘ independent sector ’ described a broad but distinct territory of critical practice in film and video . In 1979 Rod Stoneman ( now a commissioning editor for Channel 4 ) could argue confidently for increased subsidy for alternative networks of film exhibition and distribution because
not all that long ago the term ‘ independent sector ’ described a broad but distinct territory of critical practice in film and video . in 1979 rod stoneman ( now a commissioning editor for channel 4 ) could argue confidently for increased subsidy for [other option] networks of film exhibition and distribution because

With a growing network of access workshops , independent cinemas and video screening facilities , and the increasing prevalence of home video recorders , there was a real prospect of a non-broadcast alternative to the mainstream media .
with a growing network of access workshops , independent cinemas and video screening facilities , and the increasing prevalence of home video recorders , there was a real prospect of a non-broadcast [other option] to the mainstream media .

The other alternative is to promote Neil Hartley , Ray Illingwoth 's choice as a future captain five years ago , from the second team .
the other [other option] is to promote neil hartley , ray illingwoth 's choice as a future captain five years ago , from the second team .

However , Lord Marshall 's letter says that because of the Government 's commitment to introduce competition into electricity supply as quickly as possible ‘ alternative arrangements for protecting the security of supply ’ would need to be made , involving a ‘ capacity deficiency scheme ’ .
however , lord marshall 's letter says that because of the government 's commitment to introduce competition into electricity supply as quickly as possible ‘ [other option] arrangements for protecting the security of supply ’ would need to be made , involving a ‘ capacity deficiency scheme ’ .

Where Cannon & Ball have made ‘ Rock on , Tommy ’ their trademark , and Jim Davidson is known as ‘ Nick Nick ’ , there is a comic on the ‘ alternative ’ circuit known simply as ‘ Two Fingers ’ Soan , and another , Malcolm Hardee , who goes by the catchphrase ‘ F**k it ’ .
where cannon & ball have made ‘ rock on , tommy ’ their trademark , and jim davidson is known as ‘ nick nick ’ , there is a comic on the ‘ [other option] ’ circuit known simply as ‘ two fingers ’ soan , and another , malcolm hardee , who goes by the catchphrase ‘ f**k it ’ .

Flying Pickets Veterans of the alternative circuit , a capella one-and-a-bit hit wonders who have put their signatures to show themes ( remember the accompaniment to the floating condoms in Porterhouse Blue ? )
flying pickets veterans of the [other option] circuit , a capella one-and-a-bit hit wonders who have put their signatures to show themes ( remember the accompaniment to the floating condoms in porterhouse blue ? )

However , the widely-perceived reluctance of the Government to raise base rates again has encouraged expectations in financial markets that it is seeking alternative monetary policies .
however , the widely-perceived reluctance of the government to raise base rates again has encouraged expectations in financial markets that it is seeking [other option] monetary policies .

It seems a highly attractive alternative to periodic sterling crises .
it seems a highly attractive [other option] to periodic sterling crises .

He did have an alternative , he could have let the pound drop lower .
he did have an [other option] , he could have let the pound drop lower .

Konitz acknowledges that there is some basis in his history for this view : he and his 1950s musical guru , the pianist Lennie Tristano , in a sense set themselves up as a ( white ) alternative school to bebop : ‘ Tristano was keen to prove that whites could play jazz , though Charlie Parker , Lester Young and Louis Armstrong were his heroes .
konitz acknowledges that there is some basis in his history for this view : he and his 1950s musical guru , the pianist lennie tristano , in a sense set themselves up as a ( white ) [other option] school to bebop : ‘ tristano was keen to prove that whites could play jazz , though charlie parker , lester young and louis armstrong were his heroes .

He named Francis Fukuyama , an American , whose ‘ End of History ’ article might tempt one to think that the struggle was over and to put one 's feet up , thinking that every alternative to economic liberalism , in recent times , had shown itself to be hopelessly flawed .
he named francis fukuyama , an american , whose ‘ end of history ’ article might tempt one to think that the struggle was over and to put one 's feet up , thinking that every [other option] to economic liberalism , in recent times , had shown itself to be hopelessly flawed .

Marta Silva Campos , municipal welfare secretary for Sao Paulo 's left-wing city administration , calculates that there are almost two million children living in such poverty that the streets offer an alternative .
marta silva campos , municipal welfare secretary for sao paulo 's left-wing city administration , calculates that there are almost two million children living in such poverty that the streets offer an [other option] .

Lenny Sinken , a lawyer for the Washington-based Christic Institute , wants the mission delayed for 18 months while Nasa studies alternative power sources or arranges for Galileo to leave Earth on an unmanned rocket , less prone to failure than the shuttle .
lenny sinken , a lawyer for the washington-based christic institute , wants the mission delayed for 18 months while nasa studies [other option] power sources or arranges for galileo to leave earth on an unmanned rocket , less prone to failure than the shuttle .

It is simply the case that the party should be there while it intends to govern Northern Ireland and it should be exerting itself to offer the voters a real alternative to sectarian politics .
it is simply the case that the party should be there while it intends to govern northern ireland and it should be exerting itself to offer the voters a real [other option] to sectarian politics .

The same applies to the general deterrent argument : its effectiveness depends on whether the penalty for murder affects the calculations of potential killers at all , and , if it does , whether life imprisonment is seen as significantly more or less severe than the alternative of a long , fixed-term sentence .
the same applies to the general deterrent argument : its effectiveness depends on whether the penalty for murder affects the calculations of potential killers at all , and , if it does , whether life imprisonment is seen as significantly more or less severe than the [other option] of a long , fixed-term sentence .

This brings the discussion to a crucial point : what does the sentence of life imprisonment mean in practice , and what would be the alternative ?
this brings the discussion to a crucial point : what does the sentence of life imprisonment mean in practice , and what would be the [other option] ?

In English criminal law there are now two alternative fault requirements for murder : an intent to kill , or an intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
in english criminal law there are now two [other option] fault requirements for murder : an intent to kill , or an intent to cause grievous bodily harm .

What about the alternative element in the definition , an intent to cause grievous bodily harm ?
what about the [other option] element in the definition , an intent to cause grievous bodily harm ?

Four alternative approaches have been described , and many others could be listed .
four [other option] approaches have been described , and many others could be listed .

There are two alternative forms of conduct , and either of two forms of intent will suffice .
there are two [other option] forms of conduct , and either of two forms of intent will suffice .

The alternative was believed to be another Great Crash.The maxim ‘ Waste not , want not , ’ became obsolete too ; ‘ waste not , work not ’ was the new fear .
the [other option] was believed to be another great crash.the maxim ‘ waste not , want not , ’ became obsolete too ; ‘ waste not , work not ’ was the new fear .

The alternative is massive retaliation by missiles aimed at the enemy 's cities , which will stay put .
the [other option] is massive retaliation by missiles aimed at the enemy 's cities , which will stay put .

Nobody in government seriously considered there was any alternative .
nobody in government seriously considered there was any [other option] .

‘ We must have an ‘ alternative to peace ’ including a limited war capability … We must at least make preparations to fight wars ‘ carefully ’ .
‘ we must have an ‘ [other option] to peace ’ including a limited war capability … we must at least make preparations to fight wars ‘ carefully ’ .

Put simply , if no alternative is made available , the dog will eat the desired food , or in the desired location , eventually .
put simply , if no [other option] is made available , the dog will eat the desired food , or in the desired location , eventually .

Living rough is desolate enough , without having to face the possibility of being separated from your only friend . St Mungo 's shelter for the homeless offers a new alternative
living rough is desolate enough , without having to face the possibility of being separated from your only friend . st mungo 's shelter for the homeless offers a new [other option]

We must continue to put forward an alternative framework within which British farmers can take commercial decisions over the best way to use their skills and resources , play their part in sustaining our rural economy and the countryside , and compete fairly within Europe .
we must continue to put forward an [other option] framework within which british farmers can take commercial decisions over the best way to use their skills and resources , play their part in sustaining our rural economy and the countryside , and compete fairly within europe .

However , by 1998 the kind of sow stalls at Easton Lodge will be prohibited and an alternative method of accommodating the dry sows will need to be provided .
however , by 1998 the kind of sow stalls at easton lodge will be prohibited and an [other option] method of accommodating the dry sows will need to be provided .

The margin foregone for each pig not finished could be £25 and , therefore , on 350 sows this would result in a loss of £8750 and on this basis it could be better to provide the alternative housing , comments Mr Beckett .
the margin foregone for each pig not finished could be £25 and , therefore , on 350 sows this would result in a loss of £8750 and on this basis it could be better to provide the [other option] housing , comments mr beckett .

In reality , however , it might be easier to find the £12,230 capital to finance the outdoor venture than the £88,000 for the alternative indoor housing .
in reality , however , it might be easier to find the £12,230 capital to finance the outdoor venture than the £88,000 for the [other option] indoor housing .

Alternative fuels .
[other option] fuels .

Table 3 : Computer model illustrating operating costs of alternative disposal options , both with and without grant aid , on a mixed farm producing 10cu m of pig slurry and 6cu m of cattle slurry/day ( 1,500 pigs and 100 dairy cattle ) .
table 3 : computer model illustrating operating costs of [other option] disposal options , both with and without grant aid , on a mixed farm producing 10cu m of pig slurry and 6cu m of cattle slurry/day ( 1,500 pigs and 100 dairy cattle ) .

Thus the company is uniquely placed to sum up current interest in alternative fuels for diesel and petrol engines .
thus the company is uniquely placed to sum up current interest in [other option] fuels for diesel and petrol engines .

Research is currently being driven by the need to reduce pollution rather than fears of immediate oil shortage . So what 's cooking on the alternative fuels front ?
research is currently being driven by the need to reduce pollution rather than fears of immediate oil shortage . so what 's cooking on the [other option] fuels front ?

Yet more sweet scent came wafting from the generous drifts of white alyssum that softened the open areas of stone chippings in Cheshire Pink shade — a surface that makes a practical alternative to the conventional lawn and can be defined and contained by brick edging .
yet more sweet scent came wafting from the generous drifts of white alyssum that softened the open areas of stone chippings in cheshire pink shade — a surface that makes a practical [other option] to the conventional lawn and can be defined and contained by brick edging .

Some alternative plants which would blend in well are described below .
some [other option] plants which would blend in well are described below .

Variegated Salvia ‘ Icterina ’ would be a brighter alternative to the purple sage
variegated salvia ‘ icterina ’ would be a brighter [other option] to the purple sage

Gardeners get round these problems by using alternative means of propagation , all of them known as vegetative methods because of they involve taking some living fragment of a plant and inducing it to develop roots , so producing a new plant identical to the patent or part from which it was taken .
gardeners get round these problems by using [other option] means of propagation , all of them known as vegetative methods because of they involve taking some living fragment of a plant and inducing it to develop roots , so producing a new plant identical to the patent or part from which it was taken .

An alternative form of grafting that unites one or more buds , rather than piece of stem , to the stock .
an [other option] form of grafting that unites one or more buds , rather than piece of stem , to the stock .

This classification is only for convenience : top fruits , such a figs , mulberries , quinces and hazel nuts , frequently produce several main stems and therefore resemble shrubs , while apples , pears , plums and peaches are often grown in short-stemmed forms known as bushes ( not to be confused with bush fruit , an alternative term for some soft fruits ) .
this classification is only for convenience : top fruits , such a figs , mulberries , quinces and hazel nuts , frequently produce several main stems and therefore resemble shrubs , while apples , pears , plums and peaches are often grown in short-stemmed forms known as bushes ( not to be confused with bush fruit , an [other option] term for some soft fruits ) .

They had a few creams , too — aloe-vera gel and wheat-germ oil ; these could be used as an alternative to the more expensive big-brand names .
they had a few creams , too — aloe-vera gel and wheat-germ oil ; these could be used as an [other option] to the more expensive big-brand names .

Technology is partly to blame : celluloid prints have been superseded by the smooth replications of digital imaging , and for modern Hollywood , as for the music biz , there is no such thing as the original cut just a series of alternative ‘ takes ’ or mixes .
technology is partly to blame : celluloid prints have been superseded by the smooth replications of digital imaging , and for modern hollywood , as for the music biz , there is no such thing as the original cut just a series of [other option] ‘ takes ’ or mixes .

As the alternative comedy class of ‘ 79 slides inexorably towards respectability , one Comedy Store alumnus remains an outsider .
as the [other option] comedy class of ‘ 79 slides inexorably towards respectability , one comedy store alumnus remains an outsider .

Now these alternative explanations are not exclusive of each other and , obviously , may vary from region to region .
now these [other option] explanations are not exclusive of each other and , obviously , may vary from region to region .

It also seems likely that unemployment and other social problems contributed further to the view that Labour offered the only alternative to the failures of capitalism — no matter how illusory that viewpoint may have been .
it also seems likely that unemployment and other social problems contributed further to the view that labour offered the only [other option] to the failures of capitalism — no matter how illusory that viewpoint may have been .

The task of the Conservatives was to kill off the Liberals as a credible third alternative and then project the Conservative Party as offering a dynamic alternative to socialism .
the task of the conservatives was to kill off the liberals as a credible third [other option] and then project the conservative party as offering a dynamic [other option] to socialism .

… if the return to Conservatism is to be something more than the transient apparition of a spectre from the past , and its voice in national affairs not merely to be a sepulchral warning against the dangers of rash courses , the Conservative leaders must bestir themselves to some purpose … [ the Conservative Party ] must be ready to meet the programme of the Labour Party not simply with a non-possumus but with an alternative which will in some measure satisfy certain of the needs which Labour is concerned to satisfy , and at the same time avoid the perils with which it insists Labour policy is beset .
… if the return to conservatism is to be something more than the transient apparition of a spectre from the past , and its voice in national affairs not merely to be a sepulchral warning against the dangers of rash courses , the conservative leaders must bestir themselves to some purpose … [ the conservative party ] must be ready to meet the programme of the labour party not simply with a non-possumus but with an [other option] which will in some measure satisfy certain of the needs which labour is concerned to satisfy , and at the same time avoid the perils with which it insists labour policy is beset .

Such reliance upon Baldwin and the dependability of the Conservatives did not work , and produced within the Conservative Party internal divisions which saw Neville Chamberlain being suggested as a possible alternative to Baldwin and the emergence of the Empire Party , led by Lord Beaverbrook and the press barons , as a challenge to Baldwin 's leadership .
such reliance upon baldwin and the dependability of the conservatives did not work , and produced within the conservative party internal divisions which saw neville chamberlain being suggested as a possible [other option] to baldwin and the emergence of the empire party , led by lord beaverbrook and the press barons , as a challenge to baldwin 's leadership .

Ironically , it was the Liberal Party which offered the only serious alternative to the free trade solutions of the 1920s and the protectionist policies of the 1930s — though it was always too weak to make any significant contribution to the economic policies of the country .
ironically , it was the liberal party which offered the only serious [other option] to the free trade solutions of the 1920s and the protectionist policies of the 1930s — though it was always too weak to make any significant contribution to the economic policies of the country .

The afterlife becomes an alternative heroic arena to the smalltown roadhouse , where Swayze proves himself and still gets the girl , even though he 's dead .
the afterlife becomes an [other option] heroic arena to the smalltown roadhouse , where swayze proves himself and still gets the girl , even though he 's dead .

As science fiction writer John Shirley wrote in an essay called Beyond Cyberpunk : The New Science Fiction Underground , in last year 's Science Fiction Eye , ‘ Like influenza and sexual desire , the alternative press comes and goes in cycles .
as science fiction writer john shirley wrote in an essay called beyond cyberpunk : the new science fiction underground , in last year 's science fiction eye , ‘ like influenza and sexual desire , the [other option] press comes and goes in cycles .

He read it with less pleasure … Please arrange immediately for alternative methods of waking the men under your command .
he read it with less pleasure … please arrange immediately for [other option] methods of waking the men under your command .

To be based in London would , under normal circumstances , have been a highly desirable alternative to dashing about the Midlands and the North of England doing one night shows for the troops in draughty halls and freezing aircraft hangers .
to be based in london would , under normal circumstances , have been a highly desirable [other option] to dashing about the midlands and the north of england doing one night shows for the troops in draughty halls and freezing aircraft hangers .

Now though , Davies Systems has introduced an easy alternative , the Y-Stake .
now though , davies systems has introduced an easy [other option] , the y-stake .

During the next few years many alternative possibilities for compost making will be tried with varying degrees of success , and gardeners will be at the forefront of this revolution .
during the next few years many [other option] possibilities for compost making will be tried with varying degrees of success , and gardeners will be at the forefront of this revolution .

Coir , the fibrous husk of the coconut , is being hailed as the new alternative to peat , it has many similar properties , ideal for potting or seed sowing .
coir , the fibrous husk of the coconut , is being hailed as the new [other option] to peat , it has many similar properties , ideal for potting or seed sowing .

An alternative , and probably stronger , method would be to drill holes from the top through the underlying sleeper and drive in metal reinforcing bars ( see your local builders merchant ) .
an [other option] , and probably stronger , method would be to drill holes from the top through the underlying sleeper and drive in metal reinforcing bars ( see your local builders merchant ) .

‘ If industry does n't help me to achieve the objectives of the Government , we will have to take appropriate alternative steps , ’ she had said with a steely smile .
‘ if industry does n't help me to achieve the objectives of the government , we will have to take appropriate [other option] steps , ’ she had said with a steely smile .

‘ So if my company wishes to supply the domestic market of this large and expanding population , it has no alternative but to manufacture from within the country itself .
‘ so if my company wishes to supply the domestic market of this large and expanding population , it has no [other option] but to manufacture from within the country itself .

’ wrote Pater , ‘ Those are the ‘ fenced opposites ' ’ of the speculative dilemma … ' However eager sceptical Victorians might be to replace the superstitious world of their forefathers with a structure that seemed to them more solid and more rational , the alternative , namely that they lived in a meaningless world of chance , was repellent to many of them .
’ wrote pater , ‘ those are the ‘ fenced opposites ' ’ of the speculative dilemma … ' however eager sceptical victorians might be to replace the superstitious world of their forefathers with a structure that seemed to them more solid and more rational , the [other option] , namely that they lived in a meaningless world of chance , was repellent to many of them .

All such cases need an alternative approach to the problem of origin and it is natural to turn to scientific techniques to see if they have something to offer .
all such cases need an [other option] approach to the problem of origin and it is natural to turn to scientific techniques to see if they have something to offer .

Some alternative method of assigning sculpture in white marble to its quarry source has been long sought .
some [other option] method of assigning sculpture in white marble to its quarry source has been long sought .

Such margins of error and variation in results may seem large , but they have to be viewed against the alternative : no independent dates at all .
such margins of error and variation in results may seem large , but they have to be viewed against the [other option] : no independent dates at all .

Although the problem may not always be clearly articulated , these women are seeking alternative rituals that affirm female distinctiveness as a source of sacrality .
although the problem may not always be clearly articulated , these women are seeking [other option] rituals that affirm female distinctiveness as a source of sacrality .

For women who wished to join in this mood of excited expansionist exploration there was an alternative .
for women who wished to join in this mood of excited expansionist exploration there was an [other option] .

Biology offers another alternative , in the form of Mary Jane Sherfey , an American psychiatrist .
biology offers another [other option] , in the form of mary jane sherfey , an american psychiatrist .

Metaphysics would have been one way out , but he ca n't take that , so the alternative is to be a persecuted prophet .
metaphysics would have been one way out , but he ca n't take that , so the [other option] is to be a persecuted prophet .

Indeed Ludens , who had long appreciated the quality of Franca 's love for her husband , could , more than other observers , understand the nature of her lack of an alternative .
indeed ludens , who had long appreciated the quality of franca 's love for her husband , could , more than other observers , understand the nature of her lack of an [other option] .

As an alternative to modifying the soil , by the use of chemical agents , coatings may be applied to clean surfaces to prevent or interfere with soil attachment .
as an [other option] to modifying the soil , by the use of chemical agents , coatings may be applied to clean surfaces to prevent or interfere with soil attachment .

Alternative washing agents may be used to reduce corrosion to aluminium .
[other option] washing agents may be used to reduce corrosion to aluminium .

The modern , more acceptable , alternative is the scouring cream often called a cream cleaner .
the modern , more acceptable , [other option] is the scouring cream often called a cream cleaner .

These are cut to size and thickness , coloured to virtually any shade and are a useful alternative to cloths in some operations .
these are cut to size and thickness , coloured to virtually any shade and are a useful [other option] to cloths in some operations .

Full transparent face shields or visors may be specified as an alternative and are sometimes an integral part of a safety helmet .
full transparent face shields or visors may be specified as an [other option] and are sometimes an integral part of a safety helmet .

Where there is no further land for settlement and for people to set themselves up as independent farmers or pastoralists , there is an added reason for a land-controlling class to emerge , firstly because land hunger tends to differentiate a peasantry and secondly there is no alternative for those without enough land but to work for others .
where there is no further land for settlement and for people to set themselves up as independent farmers or pastoralists , there is an added reason for a land-controlling class to emerge , firstly because land hunger tends to differentiate a peasantry and secondly there is no [other option] for those without enough land but to work for others .

The opening chapter of this book has put an alternative view , and in spite of an awareness of the importance of ‘ social factors ’ in environmental degradation , there is very little evidence of effectively implemented policies .
the opening chapter of this book has put an [other option] view , and in spite of an awareness of the importance of ‘ social factors ’ in environmental degradation , there is very little evidence of effectively implemented policies .

Problems of a lack of alternative sources of fuelwood for poor people , unequal landholdings , political constraints placed upon the pastures of nomads , poor prices imposed by the state for the produce of rural areas and so forth , tend to lie outside the terms of reference of most conservation policies .
problems of a lack of [other option] sources of fuelwood for poor people , unequal landholdings , political constraints placed upon the pastures of nomads , poor prices imposed by the state for the produce of rural areas and so forth , tend to lie outside the terms of reference of most conservation policies .

The reasons for learning each task are shared with the child and they are encouraged to choose an optimistic alternative in every situation .
the reasons for learning each task are shared with the child and they are encouraged to choose an optimistic [other option] in every situation .

Doris Lessing 's later transition into science fiction writing indicates another complete alternative to realistic conventions , fantasy offering a strategy for escaping altogether the obligation to express a male-dominated world .
doris lessing 's later transition into science fiction writing indicates another complete [other option] to realistic conventions , fantasy offering a strategy for escaping altogether the obligation to express a male-dominated world .

Sequence is problematic at best , but the novel incorporates within itself sceptical references to alternative means of representation through official military history , collage and a film .
sequence is problematic at best , but the novel incorporates within itself sceptical references to [other option] means of representation through official military history , collage and a film .

Arguably , Nathalie Sarraute 's career benefited enormously from Sartre 's famous preface to her first novel , Portrait d'un inconnu ( 1947 ) , which he claimed placed her in the alternative tradition of the ‘ anti-roman ’ .
arguably , nathalie sarraute 's career benefited enormously from sartre 's famous preface to her first novel , portrait d'un inconnu ( 1947 ) , which he claimed placed her in the [other option] tradition of the ‘ anti-roman ’ .

Equally , the existence of alternative and proliferating versions of ‘ events ’ of dubious ontological status anticipates the more radical disruptions of narrative syntax carried out in the later novels .
equally , the existence of [other option] and proliferating versions of ‘ events ’ of dubious ontological status anticipates the more radical disruptions of narrative syntax carried out in the later novels .

More generally , Onetti 's disenchantment with Western civilization expresses itself through protagonists who are at odds with society and seek to create their own alternative reality .
more generally , onetti 's disenchantment with western civilization expresses itself through protagonists who are at odds with society and seek to create their own [other option] reality .

However , the writer who most explicitly questions the Western cultural tradition and proclaims the need for an alternative way of relating to reality is Julio Cortázar .
however , the writer who most explicitly questions the western cultural tradition and proclaims the need for an [other option] way of relating to reality is julio cortázar .

In particular , it does not have a fixed structure and , instead , we are offered two alternative ways of reading it .
in particular , it does not have a fixed structure and , instead , we are offered two [other option] ways of reading it .

The members simply have not the time at their disposal to take on the continuous pressure needed to effectively construct a platform for alternative or opposing views .
the members simply have not the time at their disposal to take on the continuous pressure needed to effectively construct a platform for [other option] or opposing views .

An alternative scheme for a ‘ brown-field site , costing £16 million — £9 million less than the capital cost for the favoured project — has been lightly dismissed .
an [other option] scheme for a ‘ brown-field site , costing £16 million — £9 million less than the capital cost for the favoured project — has been lightly dismissed .

The alternative to institution-led standards might be either deprofessionalisation or re-registration tests of competence .
the [other option] to institution-led standards might be either deprofessionalisation or re-registration tests of competence .

Their ‘ peace process ’ is likely to be , primarily , an avenue for those strategic goals , and therefore remains an alternative method to war , whereby rivals may be worsted and allies strengthened .
their ‘ peace process ’ is likely to be , primarily , an avenue for those strategic goals , and therefore remains an [other option] method to war , whereby rivals may be worsted and allies strengthened .

In a sense they had little alternative on account of Israel 's refusal to accept the return of the refugees and the refugees ' own outright refusal of resettlement .
in a sense they had little [other option] on account of israel 's refusal to accept the return of the refugees and the refugees ' own outright refusal of resettlement .

He established it as an alternative power base in Hebron as his mayoral leadership came under increasing challenge from secular nationalists .
he established it as an [other option] power base in hebron as his mayoral leadership came under increasing challenge from secular nationalists .

There was a quixotic suggestion that elected representatives north and south should meet to set up an alternative national parliament which would proceed to ‘ legislate ’ for the whole country .
there was a quixotic suggestion that elected representatives north and south should meet to set up an [other option] national parliament which would proceed to ‘ legislate ’ for the whole country .

They left when they were assured that no eviction would take place until alternative accommodation had been found for the family .
they left when they were assured that no eviction would take place until [other option] accommodation had been found for the family .

‘ Ecotourism , ’ said David , ‘ is a very viable alternative to rainforest destruction .
‘ ecotourism , ’ said david , ‘ is a very viable [other option] to rainforest destruction .

She did n't want to fight with her mother all the time , but there did n't seem to be any alternative .
she did n't want to fight with her mother all the time , but there did n't seem to be any [other option] .

Alternative accounts of context-specificity are available and they will be discussed in Chapter 4 .
[other option] accounts of context-specificity are available and they will be discussed in chapter 4 .

An alternative associative account
an [other option] associative account

This is what has been claimed for an alternative associative account put forward by McLaren , Kaye , and Mackintosh ( 1989 ) .
this is what has been claimed for an [other option] associative account put forward by mclaren , kaye , and mackintosh ( 1989 ) .

( b ) Alternative explanations
( b ) [other option] explanations

An alternative and , in some ways , simpler procedure is to establish some new response to one of the pre-trained stimuli and then , in a separate test phase , to present the other pre-trained stimuli .
an [other option] and , in some ways , simpler procedure is to establish some new response to one of the pre-trained stimuli and then , in a separate test phase , to present the other pre-trained stimuli .

It might also help to give the switchboard an alternative ( Tim or Simon ? )
it might also help to give the switchboard an [other option] ( tim or simon ? )

Any alternative suggestions ?
any [other option] suggestions ?

Next Wed 's possible visit to London — there 'll probably be a train strike that day , so maybe we should think of alternative ways of getting whatever it is you want me to bring down to you on another day ?
next wed 's possible visit to london — there 'll probably be a train strike that day , so maybe we should think of [other option] ways of getting whatever it is you want me to bring down to you on another day ?

Such demands failed , however , to quell the discontent , which increasingly focused on Michael Heseltine as the only serious alternative to Mrs Thatcher , a view supported by polls that showed him to be the voters ' overwhelming choice to replace her .
such demands failed , however , to quell the discontent , which increasingly focused on michael heseltine as the only serious [other option] to mrs thatcher , a view supported by polls that showed him to be the voters ' overwhelming choice to replace her .

The public knowledge that such discussion was taking place was damaging enough for Mrs Thatcher ; it was accentuated by signs that there was an active campaign to line up alternative candidates to stand against Heseltine in the second ballot .
the public knowledge that such discussion was taking place was damaging enough for mrs thatcher ; it was accentuated by signs that there was an active campaign to line up [other option] candidates to stand against heseltine in the second ballot .

No one suggested that there was an alternative candidate who had a better chance of defeating Heseltine .
no one suggested that there was an [other option] candidate who had a better chance of defeating heseltine .

Not least , they used them to demonstrate his credibility as an alternative Prime Minister .
not least , they used them to demonstrate his credibility as an [other option] prime minister .

Indeed , the alternative adjective which came to adhere to ‘ citizen ’ was ‘ caring ’ .
indeed , the [other option] adjective which came to adhere to ‘ citizen ’ was ‘ caring ’ .

Sometimes during this period alternative labels could be found , such as ‘ Civics ’ or ‘ Education for Democracy ’ .
sometimes during this period [other option] labels could be found , such as ‘ civics ’ or ‘ education for democracy ’ .

Each of these is susceptible of alternative interpretations .
each of these is susceptible of [other option] interpretations .

Gallup asked : Suppose Mr John Smith rather than Mr Kinnock were leader of the Labour Party and alternative Prime Minister , which party would you vote for then ?
gallup asked : suppose mr john smith rather than mr kinnock were leader of the labour party and [other option] prime minister , which party would you vote for then ?

And it is fatuous for Mr Paddy Ashdown to claim that he stands in readiness to preserve our democracy with a more moderate alternative to Labour .
and it is fatuous for mr paddy ashdown to claim that he stands in readiness to preserve our democracy with a more moderate [other option] to labour .

‘ It would cost them too much to do a one-off in the normal way and we offered a cheap alternative .
‘ it would cost them too much to do a one-off in the normal way and we offered a cheap [other option] .

Among many deep sea angling operators , Alternative Cornish Holidays runs a 32 ft , 120hp motor fishing vessel from Padstow to hook bass , mackerel , cod , ling , congers , pollock and even shark .
among many deep sea angling operators , [other option] cornish holidays runs a 32 ft , 120hp motor fishing vessel from padstow to hook bass , mackerel , cod , ling , congers , pollock and even shark .

Although negotiations are continuing between Ken Bates , the Chelsea chairman , and John Duggan , his counterpart at Cabra , the latter has made it clear that he is unhappy with the alternative deal proposed by the club .
although negotiations are continuing between ken bates , the chelsea chairman , and john duggan , his counterpart at cabra , the latter has made it clear that he is unhappy with the [other option] deal proposed by the club .

This is mainly as an alternative to shopping on Friday evening or Saturday , although seven-day opening had brought a ‘ small increment ’ in sales .
this is mainly as an [other option] to shopping on friday evening or saturday , although seven-day opening had brought a ‘ small increment ’ in sales .

Not least important is the constructive alternative it offers for alienated youth .
not least important is the constructive [other option] it offers for alienated youth .

Tennis , rugby , golf , hockey and cricket are just five sports that have begun to offer an alternative to the role traditionally played by schools .
tennis , rugby , golf , hockey and cricket are just five sports that have begun to offer an [other option] to the role traditionally played by schools .

Ken Bates , Chelsea 's chairman but with 27 p.c of Cabra shares , wants to strike an alternative deal .
ken bates , chelsea 's chairman but with 27 p.c of cabra shares , wants to strike an [other option] deal .

If Norman Lamont keeps the job of Chancellor ( and he might do so only because of the shortlist of alternative candidates is embarrassingly short ) he may decide to delay the next cut in interest rates for long enough to convince the markets that he is serious about wanting to move sterling into narrow bands in the European exchange rate mechanism at its middle rate of Dm2.95 .
if norman lamont keeps the job of chancellor ( and he might do so only because of the shortlist of [other option] candidates is embarrassingly short ) he may decide to delay the next cut in interest rates for long enough to convince the markets that he is serious about wanting to move sterling into narrow bands in the european exchange rate mechanism at its middle rate of dm2.95 .

The alternative was a Labour government led by Mr Kinnock , a man ‘ grasping desperately at the prospect of power ’ , and the collapse of everything the Tories had worked for .
the [other option] was a labour government led by mr kinnock , a man ‘ grasping desperately at the prospect of power ’ , and the collapse of everything the tories had worked for .

He said health and the economy towered above all other issues in the election campaign , and added that the nation faced an alternative between modernisation and recovery under Labour , or privatisation and recession under the Tories .
he said health and the economy towered above all other issues in the election campaign , and added that the nation faced an [other option] between modernisation and recovery under labour , or privatisation and recession under the tories .

As the only viable West Country alternative to the Tories — there are no Labour MPs between Bristol and Penzance — the Liberal Democrats are benefiting from simmering resentment that , while the boom years largely past the region by , the recession has hit agriculture , tin mining , and tourism .
as the only viable west country [other option] to the tories — there are no labour mps between bristol and penzance — the liberal democrats are benefiting from simmering resentment that , while the boom years largely past the region by , the recession has hit agriculture , tin mining , and tourism .

He said health and the economy towered above all other issues in the election campaign , and added that the nation faced an alternative between modernisation and recovery under Labour , or privatisation and recession under the Tories .
he said health and the economy towered above all other issues in the election campaign , and added that the nation faced an [other option] between modernisation and recovery under labour , or privatisation and recession under the tories .

The council and its development partners had offered 13 replacement football pitches on three alternative sites between a half and three miles away , with a £2 million endowment for their maintenance and about £4.5 million for other sites or facilities .
the council and its development partners had offered 13 replacement football pitches on three [other option] sites between a half and three miles away , with a £2 million endowment for their maintenance and about £4.5 million for other sites or facilities .

In this sense , it is unlike Barrie 's Neverland — a place which , however fantastical and fey , is governed by the alternative rules that must underpin any convincing alternative universe .
in this sense , it is unlike barrie 's neverland — a place which , however fantastical and fey , is governed by the [other option] rules that must underpin any convincing [other option] universe .

In this sense , it is unlike Barrie 's Neverland — a place which , however fantastical and fey , is governed by the alternative rules that must underpin any convincing alternative universe .
in this sense , it is unlike barrie 's neverland — a place which , however fantastical and fey , is governed by the [other option] rules that must underpin any convincing [other option] universe .

The alternative to burying cable in the walls is to run it on the surface in mini-trunking , and then use surface-mounted light switches .
the [other option] to burying cable in the walls is to run it on the surface in mini-trunking , and then use surface-mounted light switches .

D-i-yers have a pleasant alternative to traditional paints with the launch of an innovative range of water-based paints by Dulux .
d-i-yers have a pleasant [other option] to traditional paints with the launch of an innovative range of water-based paints by dulux .

The ‘ merry-go-round ’ system which allows loading and discharge to take place while an entire train remains in motion has continued to form the mainstay of Railfreight Coal 's operations , and it is difficult to imagine a more efficient alternative .
the ‘ merry-go-round ’ system which allows loading and discharge to take place while an entire train remains in motion has continued to form the mainstay of railfreight coal 's operations , and it is difficult to imagine a more efficient [other option] .

Nor is there any need to risk being challenged by alternative social visions , to attend to the views of ‘ every crackpot messiah round the world ’ , since ‘ it matters very little what strange thoughts occur to people in Albania or Burkina Faso , for we are interested in what one could in some sense call the common ideological heritage of mankind ’ .
nor is there any need to risk being challenged by [other option] social visions , to attend to the views of ‘ every crackpot messiah round the world ’ , since ‘ it matters very little what strange thoughts occur to people in albania or burkina faso , for we are interested in what one could in some sense call the common ideological heritage of mankind ’ .

The Government seems to be trying to destroy the education and health services in Britain and to set up an alternative system in which wealth rules .
the government seems to be trying to destroy the education and health services in britain and to set up an [other option] system in which wealth rules .

An evaluation of an alternative to long-stay hospital care for frail elderly patients : 1 .
an evaluation of an [other option] to long-stay hospital care for frail elderly patients : 1 .

Age Concern receives frequent reports about health authorities closing long-stay beds , without ensuring that appropriate alternative provision is available .
age concern receives frequent reports about health authorities closing long-stay beds , without ensuring that appropriate [other option] provision is available .

Her decision to refuse orthodox medical treatment and follow an ‘ alternative ’ regime — the Gerson therapy — provoked outrage and hostility from her husband , her family and her friends .
her decision to refuse orthodox medical treatment and follow an ‘ [other option] ’ regime — the gerson therapy — provoked outrage and hostility from her husband , her family and her friends .

Mrs Henry found out all she could about alternative cancer treatments and dabbled in some of them .
mrs henry found out all she could about [other option] cancer treatments and dabbled in some of them .

Health : Alternative cures ‘ not proven ’
health : [other option] cures ‘ not proven ’

Part of the attraction of alternative cancer treatments such as the Gerson therapy is that they allow a patient to feel more in control of the treatment .
part of the attraction of [other option] cancer treatments such as the gerson therapy is that they allow a patient to feel more in control of the treatment .

Edward Weiss , chairman of the report 's working party , said the recommendations were being put forward as an alternative to privatisation .
edward weiss , chairman of the report 's working party , said the recommendations were being put forward as an [other option] to privatisation .

‘ Our proposals would offer them an alternative market for capital . ’
‘ our proposals would offer them an [other option] market for capital . ’

Acupuncture is widely used in human alternative medicine . So why not canine ? Lots of vets now grasp the point as dog owners needle them to learn the art
acupuncture is widely used in human [other option] medicine . so why not canine ? lots of vets now grasp the point as dog owners needle them to learn the art

The illustration of double ropes being used to protect a second on a traverse is incorrect ; the drawing of a double-fisherman 's knot is actually of a single-fisherman 's ; the section on rigging anchors seems very sketchy with no consideration of using the rope to equally load them , rather than slings ; different types of shunt are discussed for self-protection on abseils but there is no mention of the cheap , simple prussik knot as an alternative , or the even more effective French prussik linking the controlling rope to the leg-loop of the harness .
the illustration of double ropes being used to protect a second on a traverse is incorrect ; the drawing of a double-fisherman 's knot is actually of a single-fisherman 's ; the section on rigging anchors seems very sketchy with no consideration of using the rope to equally load them , rather than slings ; different types of shunt are discussed for self-protection on abseils but there is no mention of the cheap , simple prussik knot as an [other option] , or the even more effective french prussik linking the controlling rope to the leg-loop of the harness .

All it needs is to promise a high-powered investigation , such as a Royal Commission , into the practicalities of an alternative voting system ( surely justified by the intense public interest now abounding ) .
all it needs is to promise a high-powered investigation , such as a royal commission , into the practicalities of an [other option] voting system ( surely justified by the intense public interest now abounding ) .

Wilson 's task was to project his party as an alternative government and associate Labour with the agenda of the 1960s .
wilson 's task was to project his party as an [other option] government and associate labour with the agenda of the 1960s .

Of course the most cursory glance at Dunning 's ‘ Threnody in Sapphics ’ ( not to speak of more miserable performances like ‘ Isabelle of Hainault ’ in The Exile number 3 ) shows that Pound had , as it were , no alternative ; there was no way to vindicate Dunning by imagist principles .
of course the most cursory glance at dunning 's ‘ threnody in sapphics ’ ( not to speak of more miserable performances like ‘ isabelle of hainault ’ in the exile number 3 ) shows that pound had , as it were , no [other option] ; there was no way to vindicate dunning by imagist principles .

He had no alternative ; had he remained in London after 1920 , the antagonism to him could only have got more obdurate and more brutal .
he had no [other option] ; had he remained in london after 1920 , the antagonism to him could only have got more obdurate and more brutal .

This is a comment not just on poetic style , but on the substance of the political alternative that Tate and some fellow Southerners were in these years trying to put together , to challenge the industrial capitalism of the restored Union .
this is a comment not just on poetic style , but on the substance of the political [other option] that tate and some fellow southerners were in these years trying to put together , to challenge the industrial capitalism of the restored union .

That the alternative religious explanation should still not know what value to put on ‘ music of the flute ’ — this will be experienced by some as a cruel disappointment , by others as a welcome acknowledgement that dogmatic certainty on the large scale can comprehend uncertainties on the small .
that the [other option] religious explanation should still not know what value to put on ‘ music of the flute ’ — this will be experienced by some as a cruel disappointment , by others as a welcome acknowledgement that dogmatic certainty on the large scale can comprehend uncertainties on the small .

( Pound had studied some of the same French poets , notably Laforgue and Rimbaud , but he had profited by them in a quite different way from Eliot , and he was averse to the central thrust of the symboliste endeavour , to which indeed the imagist or imagiste movement which he had sponsored had been intended as a challenging alternative . )
( pound had studied some of the same french poets , notably laforgue and rimbaud , but he had profited by them in a quite different way from eliot , and he was averse to the central thrust of the symboliste endeavour , to which indeed the imagist or imagiste movement which he had sponsored had been intended as a challenging [other option] . )

This second stage has two alternative gains of x20 and x200 selectable by 4016 switch .
this second stage has two [other option] gains of x20 and x200 selectable by 4016 switch .

Power mos electronic ignition provides an alternative to contact breakers .
power mos electronic ignition provides an [other option] to contact breakers .

Alternative dividing lines which have been informally mooted , such as simply restricting solicitor-advocates in Crown Court jury trials to the less serious cases , had been viewed as difficult to support as a matter of principle .
[other option] dividing lines which have been informally mooted , such as simply restricting solicitor-advocates in crown court jury trials to the less serious cases , had been viewed as difficult to support as a matter of principle .

There will be two alternative clauses - one calling for a ban on research and one for research to be allowed up to 14 days .
there will be two [other option] clauses - one calling for a ban on research and one for research to be allowed up to 14 days .

But relaxation therapy is not an easy alternative , the Bulletin says .
but relaxation therapy is not an easy [other option] , the bulletin says .

Allan Megill has pointed out that an alternative ‘ meaning ’ of the phrase is , ‘ there is no inserted plate ’ ( a French dictionary defines ‘ hors-texte ’ as ‘ Gravure , planche tirée á part et intercalée dans un livre ’ ) .
allan megill has pointed out that an [other option] ‘ meaning ’ of the phrase is , ‘ there is no inserted plate ’ ( a french dictionary defines ‘ hors-texte ’ as ‘ gravure , planche tirée á part et intercalée dans un livre ’ ) .

State the alternative preferred
state the [other option] preferred

But in 1985 , after the Sino-British settlement was announced , he resigned , declaring the move to be a protest against Britain 's withholding of full citizenship from Hong Kong passport holders , and set up a trust to advise would-be emigrants on alternative rights of abode .
but in 1985 , after the sino-british settlement was announced , he resigned , declaring the move to be a protest against britain 's withholding of full citizenship from hong kong passport holders , and set up a trust to advise would-be emigrants on [other option] rights of abode .

It is 40 per cent more expensive than coal , and there is an abundance of alternative energy sources .
it is 40 per cent more expensive than coal , and there is an abundance of [other option] energy sources .

The Labour leadership 's alternative strategy for the industry would produce a ‘ substantial reduction ’ in nuclear power generation by 2000 , he said .
the labour leadership 's [other option] strategy for the industry would produce a ‘ substantial reduction ’ in nuclear power generation by 2000 , he said .

They will only be challenged if ‘ it can be shown that the proposed referral is wholly unjustified on clinical grounds , or where an alternative referral would be equally efficacious , taking into account the patient 's wishes ’ .
they will only be challenged if ‘ it can be shown that the proposed referral is wholly unjustified on clinical grounds , or where an [other option] referral would be equally efficacious , taking into account the patient 's wishes ’ .

The England training squad , with the World Cup on their minds , have been barred , and other players are pursuing alternative attractions during a well earned Christmas break .
the england training squad , with the world cup on their minds , have been barred , and other players are pursuing [other option] attractions during a well earned christmas break .

Daily training became too demanding but non-League football offered an alternative outlet for a player approaching his 28th birthday and , in June he moved to Aylesbury .
daily training became too demanding but non-league football offered an [other option] outlet for a player approaching his 28th birthday and , in june he moved to aylesbury .

The England training squad , with the World Cup on their minds , have been barred , and other players are pursuing alternative attractions during a well earned Christmas break .
the england training squad , with the world cup on their minds , have been barred , and other players are pursuing [other option] attractions during a well earned christmas break .

Daily training became too demanding but non-League football offered an alternative outlet for a player approaching his 28th birthday and , in June he moved to Aylesbury .
daily training became too demanding but non-league football offered an [other option] outlet for a player approaching his 28th birthday and , in june he moved to aylesbury .

The conference here in June agreed that voluntary repatriation should be given time to work and that only then would ‘ alternative measures ’ — including compulsory repatriation — be considered .
the conference here in june agreed that voluntary repatriation should be given time to work and that only then would ‘ [other option] measures ’ — including compulsory repatriation — be considered .

An alternative could be high coupon gilts as the tax can be reclaimed .
an [other option] could be high coupon gilts as the tax can be reclaimed .

As Israel 's authority was being lifted , the population began creating an alternative authority of their own .
as israel 's authority was being lifted , the population began creating an [other option] authority of their own .

But in the short and euphoric interval , even Mr Mann has softened his approach , indicating that he was now prepared to accept the constitution of India , and distancing himself from the latest demands by the ultra-belligerent Sikh student movement for an alternative government .
but in the short and euphoric interval , even mr mann has softened his approach , indicating that he was now prepared to accept the constitution of india , and distancing himself from the latest demands by the ultra-belligerent sikh student movement for an [other option] government .

For her part , Mrs Thatcher gave a relatively low key presentation of her alternative ‘ evolutionary ’ approach to economic and monetary union .
for her part , mrs thatcher gave a relatively low key presentation of her [other option] ‘ evolutionary ’ approach to economic and monetary union .

But having politely listened to Mrs Thatcher 's remarks and having promised to pay due attention to Whitehall 's alternative strategy , the summit made it clear that their strategy for monetary union would broadly follow the blueprint laid down .
but having politely listened to mrs thatcher 's remarks and having promised to pay due attention to whitehall 's [other option] strategy , the summit made it clear that their strategy for monetary union would broadly follow the blueprint laid down .

It is not clear whether he knew then that Mrs Thatcher had decided to sign the statement and then issue her own alternative .
it is not clear whether he knew then that mrs thatcher had decided to sign the statement and then issue her own [other option] .

The bill presents alternative clauses on whether or not to permit strictly-controlled research on early embryos , now carried out under the control of the Voluntary Licensing Authority .
the bill presents [other option] clauses on whether or not to permit strictly-controlled research on early embryos , now carried out under the control of the voluntary licensing authority .

Britain should stop giving ‘ piffling ’ sums of aid to Latin American countries and help them find alternative crops .
britain should stop giving ‘ piffling ’ sums of aid to latin american countries and help them find [other option] crops .

The British government will find it even harder to win support for its alternative road to monetary union based on a free-for-all competition between different currencies .
the british government will find it even harder to win support for its [other option] road to monetary union based on a free-for-all competition between different currencies .

Mr Zhelev fears that elections may be called before alternative platforms and candidates are ready , giving the Communist Party a clear run .
mr zhelev fears that elections may be called before [other option] platforms and candidates are ready , giving the communist party a clear run .

But in the short and euphoric interval , even Mr Mann has softened his approach , indicating that he was now prepared to accept the constitution of India , and distancing himself from the latest demands by the ultra-belligerent Sikh student movement for an alternative government .
but in the short and euphoric interval , even mr mann has softened his approach , indicating that he was now prepared to accept the constitution of india , and distancing himself from the latest demands by the ultra-belligerent sikh student movement for an [other option] government .

It is not clear whether he knew then that Mrs Thatcher had decided to sign the statement and then issue her own alternative .
it is not clear whether he knew then that mrs thatcher had decided to sign the statement and then issue her own [other option] .

Another alternative is for the smaller firm to tap into the growth of the older population — those over 55 — arising from early retirement and redundancy policies of large firms in recent years and other factors .
another [other option] is for the smaller firm to tap into the growth of the older population — those over 55 — arising from early retirement and redundancy policies of large firms in recent years and other factors .

An alternative could be high coupon gilts as the tax can be reclaimed .
an [other option] could be high coupon gilts as the tax can be reclaimed .

An alternative could be high coupon gilts as the tax can be reclaimed .
an [other option] could be high coupon gilts as the tax can be reclaimed .

‘ We are confident that they will prefer our immediate all cash offer to the SeaCo board 's highly conditional alternative to purchase half the shares at some unspecified future date .
‘ we are confident that they will prefer our immediate all cash offer to the seaco board 's highly conditional [other option] to purchase half the shares at some unspecified future date .

He said the alternative view was to take the standpoint of a fully-developed person looking back to some point marking the moment of creation .
he said the [other option] view was to take the standpoint of a fully-developed person looking back to some point marking the moment of creation .

Some cloth mills were demolished and others were converted for alternative uses .
some cloth mills were demolished and others were converted for [other option] uses .

Fresh fruit and raw carrots are an alternative and represent healthier eating but they are perishable , less profitable and need some preparation before sale .
fresh fruit and raw carrots are an [other option] and represent healthier eating but they are perishable , less profitable and need some preparation before sale .

There will also be parents who are dissatisfied with the school which their children currently attend and will be looking for an alternative .
there will also be parents who are dissatisfied with the school which their children currently attend and will be looking for an [other option] .

But Labour , too , was disappointing in its reluctance to sketch out what an alternative science policy might look like .
but labour , too , was disappointing in its reluctance to sketch out what an [other option] science policy might look like .

Democrats in Congress have already introduced competing proposals that would reduce American dependence on imported oil by encouraging conservation and alternative fuels .
democrats in congress have already introduced competing proposals that would reduce american dependence on imported oil by encouraging conservation and [other option] fuels .

‘ The question should not seek to separate alternative therapies from orthodox ones , ’ he says .
‘ the question should not seek to separate [other option] therapies from orthodox ones , ’ he says .

The alternative , says Johansson , is to plan your power supply in terms of the services you need , considering the possibility of making existing energy go further , as well as simply generating more power .
the [other option] , says johansson , is to plan your power supply in terms of the services you need , considering the possibility of making existing energy go further , as well as simply generating more power .

Reddy 's alternative analysis of Karnataka 's energy needs includes this political focus on meeting development needs .
reddy 's [other option] analysis of karnataka 's energy needs includes this political focus on meeting development needs .

This is because Karnataka does not have to replace nuclear plants with alternative power sources , where the least environmentally damaging happens to be most expensive .
this is because karnataka does not have to replace nuclear plants with [other option] power sources , where the least environmentally damaging happens to be most expensive .

‘ They say , we know you ca n't continue in the old way , ’ he says , but until now there has been no alternative .
‘ they say , we know you ca n't continue in the old way , ’ he says , but until now there has been no [other option] .

An alternative route to reach the square is to go right along Via Unione , then first left into Via Arcimboldi and left again into Via Lupetta to reach Piazza Sant ' Alessandro .
an [other option] route to reach the square is to go right along via unione , then first left into via arcimboldi and left again into via lupetta to reach piazza sant ' alessandro .

If mental handicap hospitals are to be phased out , a comprehensive range of alternative facilities and services will be required for the care of the mentally handicapped .
if mental handicap hospitals are to be phased out , a comprehensive range of [other option] facilities and services will be required for the care of the mentally handicapped .

If the parents of a mentally handicapped child immediately reject the child on realising that it is handicapped , or find that life with the child is so difficult that they feel unable to cope , it falls upon the state to find an alternative place of residence , in particular on local authorities .
if the parents of a mentally handicapped child immediately reject the child on realising that it is handicapped , or find that life with the child is so difficult that they feel unable to cope , it falls upon the state to find an [other option] place of residence , in particular on local authorities .

LEAs must , when deciding whether to provide transport for a child , have regard ( amongst other things ) to ‘ the age of the pupil , and the nature of the route , or alternative routes , which he could reasonably be expected to take ’ .
leas must , when deciding whether to provide transport for a child , have regard ( amongst other things ) to ‘ the age of the pupil , and the nature of the route , or [other option] routes , which he could reasonably be expected to take ’ .

An alternative to this clustering was for a widowed mother and unmarried daughter to maintain a household , as indeed , Bridget Freemantle did with her mother .
an [other option] to this clustering was for a widowed mother and unmarried daughter to maintain a household , as indeed , bridget freemantle did with her mother .

… the extent to which Leapor 's writing represents female eroticism as transgressive , situates it in relation to sapphic textuality , and exposes the necessary construction of such alternative desires within as well as against the very terms of heterosexual propriety from which they are generated
… the extent to which leapor 's writing represents female eroticism as transgressive , situates it in relation to sapphic textuality , and exposes the necessary construction of such [other option] desires within as well as against the very terms of heterosexual propriety from which they are generated

Yet she can not find an entirely satisfactory alternative , for the life of the spinster is often portrayed in stark terms .
yet she can not find an entirely satisfactory [other option] , for the life of the spinster is often portrayed in stark terms .

Even as Pope attacks the gaudiness of Timon 's villa in ‘ Epistle to Burlington ’ , he is able to praise the alternative : ‘ Who then shall grace , or who improve the Soil ?
even as pope attacks the gaudiness of timon 's villa in ‘ epistle to burlington ’ , he is able to praise the [other option] : ‘ who then shall grace , or who improve the soil ?

The Prince began to be talked about though this did not necessarily mean that he was being taken seriously as a political alternative to the regime of Louis-Philippe .
the prince began to be talked about though this did not necessarily mean that he was being taken seriously as a political [other option] to the regime of louis-philippe .

Henceforth , as a result of the Prince 's action at Strasbourg , this cosy doctrine was threatened by a recrudescence of popular Bonapartism in which the key figure was not the dead Napoleon but the living Louis-Napoleon , who was offering a political alternative to the existing system .
henceforth , as a result of the prince 's action at strasbourg , this cosy doctrine was threatened by a recrudescence of popular bonapartism in which the key figure was not the dead napoleon but the living louis-napoleon , who was offering a political [other option] to the existing system .

Weary of his imprisonment and suffering from a deterioration in his health due to the conditions in the damp and miserable fortress in which he was confined , he could see no alternative .
weary of his imprisonment and suffering from a deterioration in his health due to the conditions in the damp and miserable fortress in which he was confined , he could see no [other option] .

Express a point of view on a complex subject cogently and with clarity , and interpret alternative viewpoints with accuracy and discrimination .
express a point of view on a complex subject cogently and with clarity , and interpret [other option] viewpoints with accuracy and discrimination .

Perhaps a diesel engine would be a better alternative as diesel is more readily available and cheaper in countries like Morocco .
perhaps a diesel engine would be a better [other option] as diesel is more readily available and cheaper in countries like morocco .

Alternative Post-Natal Exercise ?
[other option] post-natal exercise ?

‘ Alternative ’ therapies eg aromatherapy
‘ [other option] ’ therapies eg aromatherapy

If capitalist industrialisation has done little to improve the position of women , is there any evidence to suggest that they have fared better with alternative paths of development ? Both Nicaragua and Cuba have seen significant changes for women , but the Cuban example is particularly instructive , since there has been time for new gender roles to develop .
if capitalist industrialisation has done little to improve the position of women , is there any evidence to suggest that they have fared better with [other option] paths of development ? both nicaragua and cuba have seen significant changes for women , but the cuban example is particularly instructive , since there has been time for new gender roles to develop .

The categorisation of rural change into the two alternative paths of Kulak and Junker is schematically useful , but does not exhaust the possible forms of agricultural development .
the categorisation of rural change into the two [other option] paths of kulak and junker is schematically useful , but does not exhaust the possible forms of agricultural development .

The idea of doing research and pursuing an academic career was common ground to both of them ; indeed they had never considered any alternative .
the idea of doing research and pursuing an academic career was common ground to both of them ; indeed they had never considered any [other option] .

This part of the city lacks the individual character of Robyn 's own suburb , where healthfood stores and sportswear boutiques and alternative bookshops have sprung up to cater for the students and liberal-minded yuppies who live there ; and still more does it lack the green amenities of the residential streets around the University .
this part of the city lacks the individual character of robyn 's own suburb , where healthfood stores and sportswear boutiques and [other option] bookshops have sprung up to cater for the students and liberal-minded yuppies who live there ; and still more does it lack the green amenities of the residential streets around the university .

It denies the existence of a general obligation to obey the law even in a reasonably just society , though it is argued that just governments may exist , and that in certain circumstances their existence is preferable to any alternative method of social organization .
it denies the existence of a general obligation to obey the law even in a reasonably just society , though it is argued that just governments may exist , and that in certain circumstances their existence is preferable to any [other option] method of social organization .

Later in the book we will consider alternative responses based on these intuitions .
later in the book we will consider [other option] responses based on these intuitions .

Whatever the force of Nozick 's implied challenge to alternative interpretations of neutrality , the question remains whether his reply succeeds in its primary aim of defending his own .
whatever the force of nozick 's implied challenge to [other option] interpretations of neutrality , the question remains whether his reply succeeds in its primary aim of defending his own .

Can Rawls ' principles be defended on the basis that they approximate complete neutrality better than any alternative ?
can rawls ' principles be defended on the basis that they approximate complete neutrality better than any [other option] ?

But the nuclear power-station operators in both Britain and abroad have also begun to look much more seriously at a clear alternative to reprocessing : the storage of the spent fuel until it can be directly disposed of in a special dump .
but the nuclear power-station operators in both britain and abroad have also begun to look much more seriously at a clear [other option] to reprocessing : the storage of the spent fuel until it can be directly disposed of in a special dump .

Now , however , there was an alternative .
now , however , there was an [other option] .

And if proof were needed that an alternative supply of fuel to coal was vital , it came during the historically lengthy strike of 1984–5 .
and if proof were needed that an [other option] supply of fuel to coal was vital , it came during the historically lengthy strike of 1984–5 .

All these strategic arguments in favour of nuclear power , from the military imperative through national pride to the need for an alternative to fossil fuels , have also been given a powerful institutional base .
all these strategic arguments in favour of nuclear power , from the military imperative through national pride to the need for an [other option] to fossil fuels , have also been given a powerful institutional base .

By contrast , whilst coal stations ( the main alternative historically in Britain ) are cheaper to build , their running costs — with vast tonnages of the black stuff to be daily transported and fed into their bowels — are considerably higher .
by contrast , whilst coal stations ( the main [other option] historically in britain ) are cheaper to build , their running costs — with vast tonnages of the black stuff to be daily transported and fed into their bowels — are considerably higher .

Sources of alternative supply fell into two categories : new , cleaner or more efficient methods of burning fossil fuels , and the whole range of renewable sources .
sources of [other option] supply fell into two categories : new , cleaner or more efficient methods of burning fossil fuels , and the whole range of renewable sources .

In the empire of the Tsars , the twin revolutions offered such a strikingly different alternative that they overshadowed the remarkable changes elsewhere — the disintegration of the Habsburg and Ottoman empires , and the appearance of a host of new States .
in the empire of the tsars , the twin revolutions offered such a strikingly different [other option] that they overshadowed the remarkable changes elsewhere — the disintegration of the habsburg and ottoman empires , and the appearance of a host of new states .

In an imperialist world , there was no third alternative .
in an imperialist world , there was no third [other option] .

But , as we shall see , it was not the Bolshevik position on the question which alone determined what happened in the Russian empire , nor is it clear that , in practice , the Bolsheviks had had any real alternative if the revolution was to be successful .
but , as we shall see , it was not the bolshevik position on the question which alone determined what happened in the russian empire , nor is it clear that , in practice , the bolsheviks had had any real [other option] if the revolution was to be successful .

In the eastern Ukraine , many rejected the pretensions of the Rada to speak for the province and sought to promote a workers ’ revolutionary movement as an alternative focus .
in the eastern ukraine , many rejected the pretensions of the rada to speak for the province and sought to promote a workers ’ revolutionary movement as an [other option] focus .

Alternative fishing and help came from a most unexpected quarter , in the shape of a book by Anya Seaton called Devil Water ; a marvellous historical novel by a master story-teller , describing the tragic , romantic life of James Radcliffe , Earl of Derwentwater , and his younger brother Charles , both executed for their support of the Jacobite cause during the revolutions of 1715 and 1745 .
[other option] fishing and help came from a most unexpected quarter , in the shape of a book by anya seaton called devil water ; a marvellous historical novel by a master story-teller , describing the tragic , romantic life of james radcliffe , earl of derwentwater , and his younger brother charles , both executed for their support of the jacobite cause during the revolutions of 1715 and 1745 .

The return to Keld must be made the same way ; there is no alternative .
the return to keld must be made the same way ; there is no [other option] .

Beyond the last buildings of Cowgill , a bridge over the river admits to the branch road that gives an alternative return to Dent Town .
beyond the last buildings of cowgill , a bridge over the river admits to the branch road that gives an [other option] return to dent town .

Through Dent on the road to Sedbergh , a signpost to Gawthrop is an invitation to an attractive alternative route to the Lune Valley by way of Barbondale , next to be described .
through dent on the road to sedbergh , a signpost to gawthrop is an invitation to an attractive [other option] route to the lune valley by way of barbondale , next to be described .

Alternative entrances into the black depths were found , new discoveries made and secrets revealed , passages were penetrated to their furthest limits , links were established between them until finally all mysteries were solved .
[other option] entrances into the black depths were found , new discoveries made and secrets revealed , passages were penetrated to their furthest limits , links were established between them until finally all mysteries were solved .

The ascent of Whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of Dentdale remains in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .
the ascent of whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of dentdale remains in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an [other option] route of return is available .

The alternative route of return descends the rough western slope aiming for the top of the Kingsdale — Deepdale road , which soon comes into view , and there turns right .
the [other option] route of return descends the rough western slope aiming for the top of the kingsdale — deepdale road , which soon comes into view , and there turns right .

Further along the path , also on the right , are small fissures in the clints that may be passed unnoticed : one of these , Flood Entrance Pot , was the first alternative way down into Gaping Gill when the main shaft was impassable .
further along the path , also on the right , are small fissures in the clints that may be passed unnoticed : one of these , flood entrance pot , was the first [other option] way down into gaping gill when the main shaft was impassable .

An alternative and more interesting route of return to Clapham is available by following the wall west , turning south , from the end of the Allotment , passing other satellites of Gaping Gill , descending Trow Gill and joining the pleasant path along the valley of Clapham Beck .
an [other option] and more interesting route of return to clapham is available by following the wall west , turning south , from the end of the allotment , passing other satellites of gaping gill , descending trow gill and joining the pleasant path along the valley of clapham beck .

South of Crummack Farm an alternative and more attractive route of return to Austwick is offered , for pedestrians only , by a lane turning left from the Crummackdale road and appropriately named Moughton Lane , the huge scarred slopes of Moughton being directly ahead .
south of crummack farm an [other option] and more attractive route of return to austwick is offered , for pedestrians only , by a lane turning left from the crummackdale road and appropriately named moughton lane , the huge scarred slopes of moughton being directly ahead .

It is scarcely conceivable in the political climate of the time that the alternative would have been adopted as a matter of policy , but that it was avoided at the cost of serious reductions in the level of policing in much of the country suggests a conscious choice .
it is scarcely conceivable in the political climate of the time that the [other option] would have been adopted as a matter of policy , but that it was avoided at the cost of serious reductions in the level of policing in much of the country suggests a conscious choice .

In fairness , it must be said that the professions have worked out a number of checks and balances to this system , and a common alternative to a percentage fee , hourly rates , can work out as an even more expensive open cheque drawn on the public purse .
in fairness , it must be said that the professions have worked out a number of checks and balances to this system , and a common [other option] to a percentage fee , hourly rates , can work out as an even more expensive open cheque drawn on the public purse .

From the outside , murder looked like a quiet , sensible alternative to divorce .
from the outside , murder looked like a quiet , sensible [other option] to divorce .

One priority is access to the toilet , or alternative toilet arrangements .
one priority is access to the toilet , or [other option] toilet arrangements .

The belt lift is an alternative to the normal pelvic lift : the patient wears a strong webbing belt round the waist , and the carer pulls on this to lever the patient into position .
the belt lift is an [other option] to the normal pelvic lift : the patient wears a strong webbing belt round the waist , and the carer pulls on this to lever the patient into position .

If he can not persuade a former employer to take the patient back , he may be able to find suitable alternative work through his knowledge of other companies .
if he can not persuade a former employer to take the patient back , he may be able to find suitable [other option] work through his knowledge of other companies .

Do n't assume you will find shelter in a bothy and walk into the wilderness without an alternative .
do n't assume you will find shelter in a bothy and walk into the wilderness without an [other option] .

For other types of relationship do exist in which the parties may desire the system of rights and duties which flow from the legal concept of marriage , while — and this is a critical point — the common law is singularly lacking in alternative forms of institutionalized and legitimate union .
for other types of relationship do exist in which the parties may desire the system of rights and duties which flow from the legal concept of marriage , while — and this is a critical point — the common law is singularly lacking in [other option] forms of institutionalized and legitimate union .

This can be answered only by identifying what is wrong with the present system and coming up with an alternative .
this can be answered only by identifying what is wrong with the present system and coming up with an [other option] .

An alternative , more common , term to ‘ heroic ’ is ‘ extraordinary ’ .
an [other option] , more common , term to ‘ heroic ’ is ‘ extraordinary ’ .

An alternative , and in some ways overlapping argument advanced in justification of the doctor is that his duty to his patient , once he has embarked on treatment , is to continue to care for him until he dies .
an [other option] , and in some ways overlapping argument advanced in justification of the doctor is that his duty to his patient , once he has embarked on treatment , is to continue to care for him until he dies .

In none of the three alternative situations described above does switching off the ventilator have any significance , of itself , from a medical-legal point of view .
in none of the three [other option] situations described above does switching off the ventilator have any significance , of itself , from a medical-legal point of view .

The criminal law , if faced with two alternative ways of achieving a similar end , may well prefer that which raises fewer issues of proof and potential abuse .
the criminal law , if faced with two [other option] ways of achieving a similar end , may well prefer that which raises fewer issues of proof and potential abuse .

Most building societies offer an alternative report , called the ‘ Report and Valuation for Home-buyers ’ .
most building societies offer an [other option] report , called the ‘ report and valuation for home-buyers ’ .

Steven is in an alternative time zone now .
steven is in an [other option] time zone now .

Although Bede discusses the theory of the ‘ four ages ’ and even refers to the alternative concept of the ‘ six ages ’ , he makes no mention of the ‘ seven ages ’ later described by Shakespeare .
although bede discusses the theory of the ‘ four ages ’ and even refers to the [other option] concept of the ‘ six ages ’ , he makes no mention of the ‘ seven ages ’ later described by shakespeare .

It is , indeed , a great deal easier to point out the irrelevance of much of what is happening at the moment than to have confidence in any particular alternative .
it is , indeed , a great deal easier to point out the irrelevance of much of what is happening at the moment than to have confidence in any particular [other option] .

Both the assertion of central authority and the fragmentation of local social structures and economics are integral to the overall desire to use power to restructure social arrangements in such a way that certain interests are favoured over others , to reward supporters , and to maintain these arrangements by using social institutions to entrench an alternative set of ideas , those of the ‘ enterprise culture ’ .
both the assertion of central authority and the fragmentation of local social structures and economics are integral to the overall desire to use power to restructure social arrangements in such a way that certain interests are favoured over others , to reward supporters , and to maintain these arrangements by using social institutions to entrench an [other option] set of ideas , those of the ‘ enterprise culture ’ .

What we see , however , are different forms of organization , alternative institutional arrangements .
what we see , however , are different forms of organization , [other option] institutional arrangements .

An alternative view sees the shape of poverty as reflecting the shape and condition of the wider society and requires more wide-ranging policy responses , especially those founded on universalist principles .
an [other option] view sees the shape of poverty as reflecting the shape and condition of the wider society and requires more wide-ranging policy responses , especially those founded on universalist principles .

For some , homesickness is so bad during the first few months that they have no alternative but to go back home again .
for some , homesickness is so bad during the first few months that they have no [other option] but to go back home again .

Although this may be unwelcome , particularly if you are very fond of the place in which you live , the alternative may be that you spend the next few years in a state of anxiety and misery because of money worries .
although this may be unwelcome , particularly if you are very fond of the place in which you live , the [other option] may be that you spend the next few years in a state of anxiety and misery because of money worries .

Do you feed your pet on unnecessarily expensive food or could you buy a cheaper alternative ?
do you feed your pet on unnecessarily expensive food or could you buy a cheaper [other option] ?

Having flowers in the house is lovely , but if you buy fresh flowers every week it is rather expensive : artificial flower arrangements might be a good alternative .
having flowers in the house is lovely , but if you buy fresh flowers every week it is rather expensive : artificial flower arrangements might be a good [other option] .

Another useful alternative is the Co-operative Bank , which gives you banking facilities in the various Handybanks in large Co-op stores , but also enables you to cash cheques in modest Co-op stores , anytime that the store is open .
another useful [other option] is the co-operative bank , which gives you banking facilities in the various handybanks in large co-op stores , but also enables you to cash cheques in modest co-op stores , anytime that the store is open .

Again , you have another alternative .
again , you have another [other option] .

An alternative to clubs and classes is voluntary work .
an [other option] to clubs and classes is voluntary work .

b and v — there is no ‘ v ’ sound in Japanese , so its simply replaced by its closest alternative , ‘ b ’ .
b and v — there is no ‘ v ’ sound in japanese , so its simply replaced by its closest [other option] , ‘ b ’ .

our society has become so complicated and our representative system of government so remote to many fellow citizens , that there has to be an alternative way of expressing dissent other than the constitutional way of doing it through representative government .
our society has become so complicated and our representative system of government so remote to many fellow citizens , that there has to be an [other option] way of expressing dissent other than the constitutional way of doing it through representative government .

Visitors will be shown the auditorium with a description of the alternative formats .
visitors will be shown the auditorium with a description of the [other option] formats .

If possible an alternative date will be offered or any monies refunded .
if possible an [other option] date will be offered or any monies refunded .

Alternative power
[other option] power

The British car manufacturing industry has been very reluctant to catch up with the clean technology being offered and vehemently resisted pressure to adopt catalytic converters for many years , advocating instead an alternative technology known as the ‘ lean burn engine ’ .
the british car manufacturing industry has been very reluctant to catch up with the clean technology being offered and vehemently resisted pressure to adopt catalytic converters for many years , advocating instead an [other option] technology known as the ‘ lean burn engine ’ .

The problem is that roads and pavements are often too busy , noisy or polluted to make walking a pleasant alternative to driving .
the problem is that roads and pavements are often too busy , noisy or polluted to make walking a pleasant [other option] to driving .

Use alternative methods of transport
use [other option] methods of transport

An alternative method of disposing of waste is to burn it .
an [other option] method of disposing of waste is to burn it .

While consumer demand is for ‘ natural ’ and ‘ additive-free ’ products , manufacturers have to seek out ways of making food last as long as possible , so irradiation is being promoted as a more viable alternative for prolonging shelf life in the future .
while consumer demand is for ‘ natural ’ and ‘ additive-free ’ products , manufacturers have to seek out ways of making food last as long as possible , so irradiation is being promoted as a more viable [other option] for prolonging shelf life in the future .

Another alternative is to advertise in newspapers and trade journals .
another [other option] is to advertise in newspapers and trade journals .

If possible have an alternative date available and give them the option of telephoning to change their original appointment .
if possible have an [other option] date available and give them the option of telephoning to change their original appointment .

Alternative serving suggestion
[other option] serving suggestion

For mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding provides a safe alternative .
for mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding provides a safe [other option] .

solvents can be an alternative to alcohol
solvents can be an [other option] to alcohol

The longer the period of separation , the more unfamiliar the environment , the more frequent the change of people offering alternative care and attention , and the more discomfort the child was in , the greater the trauma of the separation .
the longer the period of separation , the more unfamiliar the environment , the more frequent the change of people offering [other option] care and attention , and the more discomfort the child was in , the greater the trauma of the separation .

They provide an alternative of extremes which help the half-child , half-adult teenager to find a place in the adult world without being a carbon copy of his parents .
they provide an [other option] of extremes which help the half-child , half-adult teenager to find a place in the adult world without being a carbon copy of his parents .

Recognizing the influence of these figures , advertisers who wish to promote products in a youth market or to discourage drug abuse will summon up images of the alternative culture .
recognizing the influence of these figures , advertisers who wish to promote products in a youth market or to discourage drug abuse will summon up images of the [other option] culture .

The impulse previously contained or harnessed in the work setting becomes dangerous and inhibiting in bed when there is no alternative outlet .
the impulse previously contained or harnessed in the work setting becomes dangerous and inhibiting in bed when there is no [other option] outlet .

It is imperative not to accept the subjects of popular interest as the objects of theoretical scrutiny , not to reify a concept of dubious historical provenance , but instead to unpack the powerful rhetoric that hides behind the notion of the inner city , to outline the contours of alternative urban realities and to place this empirical evidence in the political and economic context that will determine the life chances of those people that live in real places in real urban locations today .
it is imperative not to accept the subjects of popular interest as the objects of theoretical scrutiny , not to reify a concept of dubious historical provenance , but instead to unpack the powerful rhetoric that hides behind the notion of the inner city , to outline the contours of [other option] urban realities and to place this empirical evidence in the political and economic context that will determine the life chances of those people that live in real places in real urban locations today .

But shifting patterns of international trade , the development of alternative transportation , containerisation , inter-port competition nationally and internationally and growing industrial disputes all contributed to their rapid decline in the 1960s .
but shifting patterns of international trade , the development of [other option] transportation , containerisation , inter-port competition nationally and internationally and growing industrial disputes all contributed to their rapid decline in the 1960s .

‘ Together we can provide a competitive alternative for the first time .
‘ together we can provide a competitive [other option] for the first time .

Alternative ways of achieving marketing goals are taking the hospitality industry by storm .
[other option] ways of achieving marketing goals are taking the hospitality industry by storm .

Although marketing managers constantly ask what will be achieved , ‘ alternative ’ corporate hospitality days prove very popular .
although marketing managers constantly ask what will be achieved , ‘ [other option] ’ corporate hospitality days prove very popular .

It was a ritual that distressed Anna Essinger and her staff but , given the pressure to move the children out of the camp so that others could take their places , nobody was able to come up with a better alternative to what was known as ‘ the market ’ .
it was a ritual that distressed anna essinger and her staff but , given the pressure to move the children out of the camp so that others could take their places , nobody was able to come up with a better [other option] to what was known as ‘ the market ’ .

Decisively outvoted , Hoare went away to think up an alternative plan .
decisively outvoted , hoare went away to think up an [other option] plan .

The policy of the labour exchanges towards boys who wanted to come out of farming was to refuse them alternative employment .
the policy of the labour exchanges towards boys who wanted to come out of farming was to refuse them [other option] employment .

The prizes are as stated and no cash alternative will be offered .
the prizes are as stated and no cash [other option] will be offered .

Firms are less likely to make the right choice between alternative investment projects because inflation adds considerably to the uncertainty of expected future yields .
firms are less likely to make the right choice between [other option] investment projects because inflation adds considerably to the uncertainty of expected future yields .

As long as there is an alternative , over-pricing ultimately brings its own downfall .
as long as there is an [other option] , over-pricing ultimately brings its own downfall .

Your correspondent Alan Lovejoy , writing in the February issue about Met services , may be heartened to know that there is an alternative to the expensive , user-unfriendly service on offer from the Met Office .
your correspondent alan lovejoy , writing in the february issue about met services , may be heartened to know that there is an [other option] to the expensive , user-unfriendly service on offer from the met office .

Plasticine is an old favourite and together with dough provides a useful alternative to clay .
plasticine is an old favourite and together with dough provides a useful [other option] to clay .

An alternative start to block play is to build along a flat surface either in a line like a roadway or as a tabloid .
an [other option] start to block play is to build along a flat surface either in a line like a roadway or as a tabloid .

The only alternative was that Poland should maintain itself as an ‘ ethnographic monument without political significance ’ .
the only [other option] was that poland should maintain itself as an ‘ ethnographic monument without political significance ’ .

In any case , being such great travellers , rabbits soon locate an alternative source of food .
in any case , being such great travellers , rabbits soon locate an [other option] source of food .

Since his surplus stock may be in keen demand he may not be able to supply you — but he can at least point you in the right direction by suggesting alternative sources , ones that have proved themselves so far as he is concerned .
since his surplus stock may be in keen demand he may not be able to supply you — but he can at least point you in the right direction by suggesting [other option] sources , ones that have proved themselves so far as he is concerned .

The alternative is to ring the complete warren system with a standing long-net .
the [other option] is to ring the complete warren system with a standing long-net .

Another aim of the improved-cage project is , therefore , to prevent feather pecking by providing attractive alternative objects to peck .
another aim of the improved-cage project is , therefore , to prevent feather pecking by providing attractive [other option] objects to peck .

It was recognised that what would be most welcomed by policymakers and others was a service that not only helped to keep people out of institutions if that was their wish , but did so in a way that was both acceptable to recipients and less expensive than alternative institutional care .
it was recognised that what would be most welcomed by policymakers and others was a service that not only helped to keep people out of institutions if that was their wish , but did so in a way that was both acceptable to recipients and less expensive than [other option] institutional care .

They showed not only that for most elderly people the costs of community care were considerably lower than those of institutional care ( and that home care would therefore remain cost-effective for many even if service provision were greatly increased , when the alternative was admission to an institution ) , but also that community care was not necessarily cheaper , and that there were some elderly people for whom institutional care would be less expensive ( though not necessarily to be advocated solely on that account ) .
they showed not only that for most elderly people the costs of community care were considerably lower than those of institutional care ( and that home care would therefore remain cost-effective for many even if service provision were greatly increased , when the [other option] was admission to an institution ) , but also that community care was not necessarily cheaper , and that there were some elderly people for whom institutional care would be less expensive ( though not necessarily to be advocated solely on that account ) .

In none of these cases was an alternative worker seen as possible .
in none of these cases was an [other option] worker seen as possible .

As outlined earlier in this section , an alternative form of analysis can be adopted in the light of the probability that the action and control samples were imperfectly matched .
as outlined earlier in this section , an [other option] form of analysis can be adopted in the light of the probability that the action and control samples were imperfectly matched .

These tough little animals used to be swum across the narrow straits ( or Kyles , hence the alternative name ‘ Kyloe ’ for the breed ) between the islands and the mainland .
these tough little animals used to be swum across the narrow straits ( or kyles , hence the [other option] name ‘ kyloe ’ for the breed ) between the islands and the mainland .

The ideal situation would be a marriage between the two seemingly opposing principles , where alternative and orthodox practitioners reign harmoniously side by side .
the ideal situation would be a marriage between the two seemingly opposing principles , where [other option] and orthodox practitioners reign harmoniously side by side .

John has always gone out of his way to try and persuade similar sufferers that there may be help for them in alternative therapies .
john has always gone out of his way to try and persuade similar sufferers that there may be help for them in [other option] therapies .

Homoeopathy is the exception and is recommended as an alternative therapy should treatment with essential oils and herbs be only partially effective .
homoeopathy is the exception and is recommended as an [other option] therapy should treatment with essential oils and herbs be only partially effective .

An alternative method is to put a drop or two on a light bulb , so that the oil slowly evaporates into the room with the heat of the bulb .
an [other option] method is to put a drop or two on a light bulb , so that the oil slowly evaporates into the room with the heat of the bulb .

There is an alternative and startling theory for their suppression .
there is an [other option] and startling theory for their suppression .

However , the chapel of St. Catherine , formerly on the site since occupied by St. Catherine 's Castle , Fowey , would seem a probable alternative .
however , the chapel of st. catherine , formerly on the site since occupied by st. catherine 's castle , fowey , would seem a probable [other option] .

Another alternative is to use a bait that can be fed via a swimfeeder , but is big enough to be used on a substantial hook .
another [other option] is to use a bait that can be fed via a swimfeeder , but is big enough to be used on a substantial hook .

Regular pre-baiting is needed to teach the bream that there is a tasty alternative to bloodworms , daphnia , crustacea , edible plant life , and other items that constitute natural aquatic food .
regular pre-baiting is needed to teach the bream that there is a tasty [other option] to bloodworms , daphnia , crustacea , edible plant life , and other items that constitute natural aquatic food .

In order to educate bream the alternative food should be readily available .
in order to educate bream the [other option] food should be readily available .

You can always experiment with alternative baits on a spare rod .
you can always experiment with [other option] baits on a spare rod .

Her previous publications have addressed family care and community care in relation to older people and she is currently researching alternative forms of long term care for this group .
her previous publications have addressed family care and community care in relation to older people and she is currently researching [other option] forms of long term care for this group .

Rather than arguing that elderly people should automatically have a right to all forms of screening or other selective treatments , we should ask whether such programmes should be in Operation at all , and if the resources would not be better deployed in alternative approaches .
rather than arguing that elderly people should automatically have a right to all forms of screening or other selective treatments , we should ask whether such programmes should be in operation at all , and if the resources would not be better deployed in [other option] approaches .

Indeed , it is clear that there will need to be a significant improvement in the conditions associated with part-time work if this is to be seen as a real alternative for older workers .
indeed , it is clear that there will need to be a significant improvement in the conditions associated with part-time work if this is to be seen as a real [other option] for older workers .

Spiritual direction is not an elite alternative , for a guiding relationship is no substitute either for corporate life and learning within the body of Christ or for everyday relationships .
spiritual direction is not an elite [other option] , for a guiding relationship is no substitute either for corporate life and learning within the body of christ or for everyday relationships .

There was no alternative but to raise prices .
there was no [other option] but to raise prices .

However , there is the possibility that if motorists are sufficiently inconvenienced by the traffic-calming measures , they will seek a quicker alternative route .
however , there is the possibility that if motorists are sufficiently inconvenienced by the traffic-calming measures , they will seek a quicker [other option] route .

St. Mary 's are appealing against the decision but it is understood the housing trust are considering an alternative site .
st. mary 's are appealing against the decision but it is understood the housing trust are considering an [other option] site .

The alternative to a base source is to consider a variety of different sources at different times , selecting titles as and when they are listed .
the [other option] to a base source is to consider a variety of different sources at different times , selecting titles as and when they are listed .

An alternative policy is to place some specialized works at small service points where , although their potential use is much smaller , they give the public some indication of the full range of stock available in the authority .
an [other option] policy is to place some specialized works at small service points where , although their potential use is much smaller , they give the public some indication of the full range of stock available in the authority .

McClellan 's ‘ square root ’ principle offers a mathematical solution to the problem which , though crude , has not yet been supplanted by an alternative .
mcclellan 's ‘ square root ’ principle offers a mathematical solution to the problem which , though crude , has not yet been supplanted by an [other option] .

As an alternative to direct exchange between service points some authorities create circulating collections of ‘ low-interest ’ subjects which move location periodically without being assigned permanently to any base .
as an [other option] to direct exchange between service points some authorities create circulating collections of ‘ low-interest ’ subjects which move location periodically without being assigned permanently to any base .

He also notes alternative methods for libraries which do not record issues on date labels in the books , and he shows how to predict the number of books which will be weeded at a given level of future use .
he also notes [other option] methods for libraries which do not record issues on date labels in the books , and he shows how to predict the number of books which will be weeded at a given level of future use .

Alternative Relief Systems
[other option] relief systems

The trainer might prompt the trainees for alternative approaches .
the trainer might prompt the trainees for [other option] approaches .

It was a response to the expense of operating the Coronations , for which the Department was seeking an alternative .
it was a response to the expense of operating the coronations , for which the department was seeking an [other option] .

alternative name for the Earl Marshal 's or Marshalsea Court in which only lawyers who were members of Clifford 's Inn were allowed to practise .
[other option] name for the earl marshal 's or marshalsea court in which only lawyers who were members of clifford 's inn were allowed to practise .

People are like chameleons : they can adjust themselves to any environment so long as they 've no alternative .
people are like chameleons : they can adjust themselves to any environment so long as they 've no [other option] .

’ In 1981 , during the Committee stage of the Bill , the Under-Secretary of State for the Environment said : ‘ For the purposes of pest control , especially control of foxes and rabbits , there is no practical alternative to a snare well set by an experienced person and regularly inspected .
’ in 1981 , during the committee stage of the bill , the under-secretary of state for the environment said : ‘ for the purposes of pest control , especially control of foxes and rabbits , there is no practical [other option] to a snare well set by an experienced person and regularly inspected .

Indeed , they may provide an alternative to timber in justifying the economic sense of allowing forests to stay put , because without such a reason they will be chopped down .
indeed , they may provide an [other option] to timber in justifying the economic sense of allowing forests to stay put , because without such a reason they will be chopped down .

If you had asked cosmetic companies ten years ago to stop experimenting on animals they would have replied , ‘ No alternative .
if you had asked cosmetic companies ten years ago to stop experimenting on animals they would have replied , ‘ no [other option] .

The alternative would be to keep cats indoors even though this would curtail some of their freedom of movement and all their natural hunting behaviour .
the [other option] would be to keep cats indoors even though this would curtail some of their freedom of movement and all their natural hunting behaviour .

An alternative approach
an [other option] approach

If you think that you have suffered as a result of sex or race discrimination , the Equal Opportunities Commission and the Commission for Racial Equality are in a position not only to advise but also , if appropriate , to give financial backing if there is no viable alternative to mounting a legal challenge to your employer 's behaviour .
if you think that you have suffered as a result of sex or race discrimination , the equal opportunities commission and the commission for racial equality are in a position not only to advise but also , if appropriate , to give financial backing if there is no viable [other option] to mounting a legal challenge to your employer 's behaviour .

As a result , you may have little practical alternative but to agree to increased working hours or to work in a different area , despite the fact that the contract does not provide for such things , if they are commercially necessary from the point of view of the business .
as a result , you may have little practical [other option] but to agree to increased working hours or to work in a different area , despite the fact that the contract does not provide for such things , if they are commercially necessary from the point of view of the business .

the difficulties that you may encounter in obtaining alternative employment .
the difficulties that you may encounter in obtaining [other option] employment .

Even if one of the two exceptions applies , dismissal will still be unfair if at the time of the dismissal there was a suitable alternative vacancy which was not offered in accordance with the detailed requirements of the employment protection legislation .
even if one of the two exceptions applies , dismissal will still be unfair if at the time of the dismissal there was a suitable [other option] vacancy which was not offered in accordance with the detailed requirements of the employment protection legislation .

One practical point that might be worth talking over during the consultation process is whether there are any alternative posts for which you are suitable .
one practical point that might be worth talking over during the consultation process is whether there are any [other option] posts for which you are suitable .

Alternative sanctions
[other option] sanctions

Your employer may look at a variety of alternative sanctions .
your employer may look at a variety of [other option] sanctions .

Although there may be a great temptation to seek alternative employment at the earliest opportunity , you should weigh up considerations such as :
although there may be a great temptation to seek [other option] employment at the earliest opportunity , you should weigh up considerations such as :

Offers of alternative employment
offers of [other option] employment

You may lose your redundancy payment rights if , among other matters , you unreasonably refuse an offer of suitable alternative employment .
you may lose your redundancy payment rights if , among other matters , you unreasonably refuse an offer of suitable [other option] employment .

This is so even if the alternative job offered involves a change in your terms of contract or is with an associated employer , such as another company which is controlled , in terms of shareholders ' voting power , by the same person or people who control the company that you work for .
this is so even if the [other option] job offered involves a change in your terms of contract or is with an associated employer , such as another company which is controlled , in terms of shareholders ' voting power , by the same person or people who control the company that you work for .

If there is a sound business reason for the change and your employer has observed the principles of good industrial relations practice , including full consultation with you and consideration of possible alternative courses , prior to taking action , he will probably have a good defence .
if there is a sound business reason for the change and your employer has observed the principles of good industrial relations practice , including full consultation with you and consideration of possible [other option] courses , prior to taking action , he will probably have a good defence .

If you are wrongfully dismissed , you should therefore seek alternative employment at the earliest opportunity .
if you are wrongfully dismissed , you should therefore seek [other option] employment at the earliest opportunity .

If you occupied a senior position , you may not be under an immediate duty to accept an alternative job of an inferior status .
if you occupied a senior position , you may not be under an immediate duty to accept an [other option] job of an inferior status .

Although there are times when pursuing litigation is tactically the right thing to do , and others when there is simply no realistic alternative , you need to be conscious of the possible drawbacks .
although there are times when pursuing litigation is tactically the right thing to do , and others when there is simply no realistic [other option] , you need to be conscious of the possible drawbacks .

Arbitration is a possible alternative to litigation .
arbitration is a possible [other option] to litigation .

He rashly suggested that , as an alternative to Stowey , Coleridge might like to consider Iron Acton near Bristol , where he could be closer to his city friends .
he rashly suggested that , as an [other option] to stowey , coleridge might like to consider iron acton near bristol , where he could be closer to his city friends .

An interesting alternative is a superconducting electron accelerator , which can often compensate for its limited peak current by combination of exceptional beam quality , high stability and very long duty cycle .
an interesting [other option] is a superconducting electron accelerator , which can often compensate for its limited peak current by combination of exceptional beam quality , high stability and very long duty cycle .

If these agents alone are not completely successful , they can be combined with other agents such as diuretics but , once again , perhaps thiazides are best avoided in diabetics and frusemide used as an alternative .
if these agents alone are not completely successful , they can be combined with other agents such as diuretics but , once again , perhaps thiazides are best avoided in diabetics and frusemide used as an [other option] .

Serum fructosamine concentration looks a possible alternative to HbA 1 ( Baker et al , 1985 ) : it is reliable and reflects the integrated blood glucose level over three to six weeks versus eight to 12 .
serum fructosamine concentration looks a possible [other option] to hba 1 ( baker et al , 1985 ) : it is reliable and reflects the integrated blood glucose level over three to six weeks versus eight to 12 .

The hazard of this diet was that patients had to have an alternative source of energy so they turned to fat .
the hazard of this diet was that patients had to have an [other option] source of energy so they turned to fat .

When they were introduced they offered an alternative to insulin for the patient not responding to diet alone .
when they were introduced they offered an [other option] to insulin for the patient not responding to diet alone .

( 1983 ) drew three alternative models to explain the relationship between Mesozoic growth faults and basement thrusts , based on reflection seismic sections through the Mere and Vale of Pewsey faults .
( 1983 ) drew three [other option] models to explain the relationship between mesozoic growth faults and basement thrusts , based on reflection seismic sections through the mere and vale of pewsey faults .

An interesting alternative arises from the observations of Meissner et a/ .
an interesting [other option] arises from the observations of meissner et a/ .

This paper describes an alternative approach whereby the thermal histories of coals from the Palaeozoic and from the Tertiary are deduced from simulation experiments in which samples with different natural maturities are heated under identical conditions of time and temperature .
this paper describes an [other option] approach whereby the thermal histories of coals from the palaeozoic and from the tertiary are deduced from simulation experiments in which samples with different natural maturities are heated under identical conditions of time and temperature .

In this study an alternative approach was followed whereby the remaining gas-generating potential is assessed for a series of coal samples of increasing natural maturity .
in this study an [other option] approach was followed whereby the remaining gas-generating potential is assessed for a series of coal samples of increasing natural maturity .

An alternative proof of Tipler 's Theorem 8.1 has been given by Yurtsever ( 1988 b ) .
an [other option] proof of tipler 's theorem 8.1 has been given by yurtsever ( 1988 b ) .

The expression ( 9.4 ) may also be written in the alternative form ( 9.5 )
the expression ( 9.4 ) may also be written in the [other option] form ( 9.5 )

Before introducing a new set of coordinates , it may be noted in passing that Feinstein and Ibañez ( 1989 ) have considered an alternative coordinate system and have expanded a general solution in a different way involving Bessel and Neumann functions of zero order .
before introducing a new set of coordinates , it may be noted in passing that feinstein and ibañez ( 1989 ) have considered an [other option] coordinate system and have expanded a general solution in a different way involving bessel and neumann functions of zero order .

It is also convenient to consider this solution in terms of alternative null coordinates u ' and v ' such that , in the interaction region ( 10.55 ) where the new constants a and b are the strengths of the approaching gravitational shock waves .
it is also convenient to consider this solution in terms of [other option] null coordinates u ' and v ' such that , in the interaction region ( 10.55 ) where the new constants a and b are the strengths of the approaching gravitational shock waves .

He has also suggested an alternative extension of the Schwarzschild exterior inside the black hole .
he has also suggested an [other option] extension of the schwarzschild exterior inside the black hole .

It is appropriate at this point to consider the alternative system of coordinates defined by .
it is appropriate at this point to consider the [other option] system of coordinates defined by .

This alternative interpretation of part of the Kerr space-time has been described in detail by Chandrasekhar and Xanthopoulos ( 1986 b ) .
this [other option] interpretation of part of the kerr space-time has been described in detail by chandrasekhar and xanthopoulos ( 1986 b ) .

Transforming ( 13.37 ) using the Neugebauer Kramer involution produces another three-parameter family of solutions with the alternative Ernst function given by ( 13.38 ) With , this reduces to the Chandrasekhar-Xanthopoulos solution .
transforming ( 13.37 ) using the neugebauer kramer involution produces another three-parameter family of solutions with the [other option] ernst function given by ( 13.38 ) with , this reduces to the chandrasekhar-xanthopoulos solution .

In view of this , Hauser and Ernst ( 1989 a , b , 1990 ) have developed an alternative method which can be generalized to the non-colinear situation .
in view of this , hauser and ernst ( 1989 a , b , 1990 ) have developed an [other option] method which can be generalized to the non-colinear situation .

There has been relatively little formal assessment of the efficiency of alternative health care programmes or treatments in the United Kingdom ( Ludbrook & Mooney , 1983 ; Drummond & Hutton , 1987 ) .
there has been relatively little formal assessment of the efficiency of [other option] health care programmes or treatments in the united kingdom ( ludbrook & mooney , 1983 ; drummond & hutton , 1987 ) .

Therefore , it is conceivable that a higher cost drug would be worthwhile , compared to the alternative , if it had much higher effectiveness .
therefore , it is conceivable that a higher cost drug would be worthwhile , compared to the [other option] , if it had much higher effectiveness .

An alternative — and theoretically the more sound approach — is a ‘ demand-led ’ strategy in which general managers are committed to investment in development because they can see its importance .
an [other option] — and theoretically the more sound approach — is a ‘ demand-led ’ strategy in which general managers are committed to investment in development because they can see its importance .

‘ If he 's the alternative , ’ grunted the Hungarian , ‘ you 're the better bet .
‘ if he 's the [other option] , ’ grunted the hungarian , ‘ you 're the better bet .

providing library sounds for completely silent bits of film ) ; quiet cameras ; ‘ talkback ’ and other intercom systems ; ‘ boom ’ microphones ( so the mike could be placed over the actor 's head and moved as necessary ) ; equalization ; track-bouncing ; replacement of dialogue ( including alternative languages ) ; filtering ( for removing traffic noise , wind noise , or for simulating telephone conversations ) ; busbars for routing controlled amounts of foldback or reverberation ; three-track recording ( music , effects , and dialogue , any of which could be changed as necessary ) ; automatic volume limiters ; and synchronous playback ( for dance or mimed shots ) .
providing library sounds for completely silent bits of film ) ; quiet cameras ; ‘ talkback ’ and other intercom systems ; ‘ boom ’ microphones ( so the mike could be placed over the actor 's head and moved as necessary ) ; equalization ; track-bouncing ; replacement of dialogue ( including [other option] languages ) ; filtering ( for removing traffic noise , wind noise , or for simulating telephone conversations ) ; busbars for routing controlled amounts of foldback or reverberation ; three-track recording ( music , effects , and dialogue , any of which could be changed as necessary ) ; automatic volume limiters ; and synchronous playback ( for dance or mimed shots ) .

And it became fashionable to market records in various editions , with alternative sound mixes and different lengths , editions pressed on coloured vinyl , editions incorporating pictures , and editions in funny shapes .
and it became fashionable to market records in various editions , with [other option] sound mixes and different lengths , editions pressed on coloured vinyl , editions incorporating pictures , and editions in funny shapes .

There was always the ultimate alternative .
there was always the ultimate [other option] .

The Other Alternative
the other [other option]

For some , the fist was an alternative to the stick , especially where a conflict with a buck had taken on the form of a personal feud .
for some , the fist was an [other option] to the stick , especially where a conflict with a buck had taken on the form of a personal feud .

Secular books on the New Age tend to treat it as the latest fad ; the ‘ in thing ’ of the eighties , full of Alternative Types and quaint ideas about the ‘ good life ’ down on the organic , backyard farm .
secular books on the new age tend to treat it as the latest fad ; the ‘ in thing ’ of the eighties , full of [other option] types and quaint ideas about the ‘ good life ’ down on the organic , backyard farm .

’ In some areas , Christians may have no alternative but to plead guilty to this charge .
’ in some areas , christians may have no [other option] but to plead guilty to this charge .

The First World 's miserly materialism is enough to make any honest seeker yearn for a new alternative or age .
the first world 's miserly materialism is enough to make any honest seeker yearn for a new [other option] or age .

Nostradamus , astrologer supreme and ritual magician , set out his prophecies in coded four-line stanzas with sometimes appalling alternative rhymes .
nostradamus , astrologer supreme and ritual magician , set out his prophecies in coded four-line stanzas with sometimes appalling [other option] rhymes .

It must be stressed that there are important differences between stage hypnotism and the techniques used in alternative medicine .
it must be stressed that there are important differences between stage hypnotism and the techniques used in [other option] medicine .

We have argued from Scripture in this book that there is only one alternative source — Satan .
we have argued from scripture in this book that there is only one [other option] source — satan .

An alternative method , and one that is nearly as good , is to express the distribution of skeletal elements against the total number of bones in the sample .
an [other option] method , and one that is nearly as good , is to express the distribution of skeletal elements against the total number of bones in the sample .

On completion the railway found the workmen had discovered alternative transport and the Loughton pick up did not recommence .
on completion the railway found the workmen had discovered [other option] transport and the loughton pick up did not recommence .

The concept of the village is to afford local craftspeople the opportunity to establish viable business for themselves while providing an alternative range of consumer goods which should prove attractive to both locals and visitors to the city .
the concept of the village is to afford local craftspeople the opportunity to establish viable business for themselves while providing an [other option] range of consumer goods which should prove attractive to both locals and visitors to the city .

Yet this authority sees no alternative to itself .
yet this authority sees no [other option] to itself .

So if things are to be done quickly , an approach able to look without let or hindrance at problems , even the most deep-seated , is needed : to define them in the clearest terms : to suggest alternative ways to solutions : finally , to seek resources for those solutions .
so if things are to be done quickly , an approach able to look without let or hindrance at problems , even the most deep-seated , is needed : to define them in the clearest terms : to suggest [other option] ways to solutions : finally , to seek resources for those solutions .

Partnerships should challenge the trend ; partnerships should not be about alternative sources of funding for the public education service but about ensuring proper levels of public funding with additional support from the private sector .
partnerships should challenge the trend ; partnerships should not be about [other option] sources of funding for the public education service but about ensuring proper levels of public funding with additional support from the private sector .

Often they are capable of manipulation by the enterprising student who will see question spotting as a less tedious alternative to committing the syllabus to memory .
often they are capable of manipulation by the enterprising student who will see question spotting as a less tedious [other option] to committing the syllabus to memory .

An abatement notice specifying these works would not be invalid , but should planning permission be refused and further action be taken to obtain compliance with the notice , the Justices need not take the local authority 's advice and order the defendants to implement those works , but if they do , and planning permission is again refused , the defendants may be able to avail themselves of the defence of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , under s.95 , leaving the local authority to find alternative means to seek abatement of the odour .
an abatement notice specifying these works would not be invalid , but should planning permission be refused and further action be taken to obtain compliance with the notice , the justices need not take the local authority 's advice and order the defendants to implement those works , but if they do , and planning permission is again refused , the defendants may be able to avail themselves of the defence of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , under s.95 , leaving the local authority to find [other option] means to seek abatement of the odour .

Alternative action in the High Court under s.100 of the 1936 Act requires no such permission but uncertainty as to whether the defence of best practicable means is available to such an action is a further deterrent to local authorities contemplating taking action under this section .
[other option] action in the high court under s.100 of the 1936 act requires no such permission but uncertainty as to whether the defence of best practicable means is available to such an action is a further deterrent to local authorities contemplating taking action under this section .

As an alternative to refusing planning permission , permission is often granted subject to conditions aimed at controlling any anticipated odour emission , in the same way as conditions are imposed to mitigate nuisance caused by noise emissions .
as an [other option] to refusing planning permission , permission is often granted subject to conditions aimed at controlling any anticipated odour emission , in the same way as conditions are imposed to mitigate nuisance caused by noise emissions .

This is so , unless an alternative broader interpretation is put on s.52 ( 2 ) .
this is so , unless an [other option] broader interpretation is put on s.52 ( 2 ) .

An alternative is that under conditions which are maximally unfavourable for plural reference , when a plural reference is made , it is made only because no strain exists in those ( rare ) cases .
an [other option] is that under conditions which are maximally unfavourable for plural reference , when a plural reference is made , it is made only because no strain exists in those ( rare ) cases .

If a strong focusing preference is imposed in either direction between the monkey and the banana then the wrong referent will be obtained for one of the alternative second sentences .
if a strong focusing preference is imposed in either direction between the monkey and the banana then the wrong referent will be obtained for one of the [other option] second sentences .

The alternative argument has it that since people and situations differ you are better equipped to deal with them if you have a wide repertoire of behaviours to draw on .
the [other option] argument has it that since people and situations differ you are better equipped to deal with them if you have a wide repertoire of behaviours to draw on .

think of an alternative idea that overcomes the snag or
think of an [other option] idea that overcomes the snag or

The latter alternative is preferable since it is more likely to be seen as constructive and thus win support ( see Building on page 25 ) .
the latter [other option] is preferable since it is more likely to be seen as constructive and thus win support ( see building on page 25 ) .

If we assume that for various reasons promotion within six months is not possible , all or some of the interests might be met in alternative ways .
if we assume that for various reasons promotion within six months is not possible , all or some of the interests might be met in [other option] ways .

The skilled negotiator , on the other hand , asks questions not only to gain more information and understanding but also as an alternative to disagreeing bluntly and as a means of putting forward suggestions ( ie possible courses of action said as questions .
the skilled negotiator , on the other hand , asks questions not only to gain more information and understanding but also as an [other option] to disagreeing bluntly and as a means of putting forward suggestions ( ie possible courses of action said as questions .

An alternative system is the ‘ checklist approach ’ , where you decide in advance which verbal and/or non-verbal behaviours you are going to observe and devise a number of categories to monitor behaviour against .
an [other option] system is the ‘ checklist approach ’ , where you decide in advance which verbal and/or non-verbal behaviours you are going to observe and devise a number of categories to monitor behaviour against .

In the long term , alternative political and policy positions can be weakened — there will be no government framework to give them any institutional voice or credence .
in the long term , [other option] political and policy positions can be weakened — there will be no government framework to give them any institutional voice or credence .

Alternative explanations
[other option] explanations

This is not merely the result of changes in fashion that inevitably occur in the social sciences , but has perhaps more to do with the observed failures of alternative social and economic arrangements .
this is not merely the result of changes in fashion that inevitably occur in the social sciences , but has perhaps more to do with the observed failures of [other option] social and economic arrangements .

Once in housing associations , few tenants have much choice of alternative landlords — and in many cases are not even eligible under the ‘ right to buy ’ legislation which has had such dramatic effects on council housing .
once in housing associations , few tenants have much choice of [other option] landlords — and in many cases are not even eligible under the ‘ right to buy ’ legislation which has had such dramatic effects on council housing .

In fact development of Housing Action Trusts to deal with particularly run-down estates and Scottish Homes to break up the public sector suggests an alternative vision , based on state-sponsored restructuring and renewal from above , rather than individual choice .
in fact development of housing action trusts to deal with particularly run-down estates and scottish homes to break up the public sector suggests an [other option] vision , based on state-sponsored restructuring and renewal from above , rather than individual choice .

The institutions of local government offer a site where several alternative values and practices can be tried , tested and demonstrated to the public .
the institutions of local government offer a site where several [other option] values and practices can be tried , tested and demonstrated to the public .

In answering these questions , local politics inevitably come to the fore again , not only because different responses have different costs and benefits for different groups of people in different places , but also because alternative policies can actually be tried out at the local level .
in answering these questions , local politics inevitably come to the fore again , not only because different responses have different costs and benefits for different groups of people in different places , but also because [other option] policies can actually be tried out at the local level .

Significantly the policies stressed the importance of local initiatives , and were offered as a decentralized alternative to the centralized bureaucratic planning of national government .
significantly the policies stressed the importance of local initiatives , and were offered as a decentralized [other option] to the centralized bureaucratic planning of national government .

encouraging alternative forms of management and production , and encouraging the development of ‘ socially useful ’ products ;
encouraging [other option] forms of management and production , and encouraging the development of ‘ socially useful ’ products ;

Geoff Edge , the chair of West Midlands County Council Economic Development Committee , sees their purpose as ‘ advocates and missionaries of new Socialist ideas ’ , while Michael Ward , his counterpart in the Greater London Council , has written that ‘ local initiatives can demonstrate that the alternative works ; that greater democratic control and the planned use of resources can be used to create jobs .
geoff edge , the chair of west midlands county council economic development committee , sees their purpose as ‘ advocates and missionaries of new socialist ideas ’ , while michael ward , his counterpart in the greater london council , has written that ‘ local initiatives can demonstrate that the [other option] works ; that greater democratic control and the planned use of resources can be used to create jobs .

An alternative form of fundraising or obtaining support for the school is through sponsorship .
an [other option] form of fundraising or obtaining support for the school is through sponsorship .

Some have taken the view that the increasing centralisation of policy control by government , and the devolution of responsibility to schools and colleges , accompanied by a range of alternative provision such as grant-maintained schools and city technology colleges , has all but made LEAs redundant .
some have taken the view that the increasing centralisation of policy control by government , and the devolution of responsibility to schools and colleges , accompanied by a range of [other option] provision such as grant-maintained schools and city technology colleges , has all but made leas redundant .

However , the provision of services by a branch does not clearly fall within either of these principles , because the services are provided from the host member state itself , and accordingly either alternative seems available .
however , the provision of services by a branch does not clearly fall within either of these principles , because the services are provided from the host member state itself , and accordingly either [other option] seems available .

An alternative procedure which businesses are increasingly using , and which to a certain extent obviates some of the disadvantages of seeking an exemption or negative clearance , is to request the Commission to issue comfort letters .
an [other option] procedure which businesses are increasingly using , and which to a certain extent obviates some of the disadvantages of seeking an exemption or negative clearance , is to request the commission to issue comfort letters .

As the 80s came to an end , punishing exercise routines had become almost an alternative religion for many people .
as the 80s came to an end , punishing exercise routines had become almost an [other option] religion for many people .

Expert or knowledge based systems can help guide and advise the individual by rapidly evaluating past cases of failure and alternative courses of action or provide solutions to previously intractable problems .
expert or knowledge based systems can help guide and advise the individual by rapidly evaluating past cases of failure and [other option] courses of action or provide solutions to previously intractable problems .

‘ There is only the alternative that we spoke of .
‘ there is only the [other option] that we spoke of .

Apparently she receives the Ilkley newspaper regularly and read in it details of the Alternative Medicine Centre .
apparently she receives the ilkley newspaper regularly and read in it details of the [other option] medicine centre .

At the kind of prices Fiat are asking , it does represent a more appealing alternative in the market sector otherwise occupied by eccentrics from the Far East and Commie cast-offs .
at the kind of prices fiat are asking , it does represent a more appealing [other option] in the market sector otherwise occupied by eccentrics from the far east and commie cast-offs .

there is no purer sporting alternative .
there is no purer sporting [other option] .

Of course , many of the bench marks by which sparkling wines are judged are those of the traditional Champenoise The French , true to form , have managed to ban all the use of the term ‘ Methode Champenoise ’ and wine makers are currently scratching their heads for an alternative .
of course , many of the bench marks by which sparkling wines are judged are those of the traditional champenoise the french , true to form , have managed to ban all the use of the term ‘ methode champenoise ’ and wine makers are currently scratching their heads for an [other option] .

We must all learn to judge a bottle by its content not by its wrapping and if we are able to approach the hundreds of alternative sparkling wines being offered in place of Champagne with open minds we will reap pleasure and reward .
we must all learn to judge a bottle by its content not by its wrapping and if we are able to approach the hundreds of [other option] sparkling wines being offered in place of champagne with open minds we will reap pleasure and reward .

The idea of employing a spot of judicious blackmail did not appeal to her but what was the alternative ?
the idea of employing a spot of judicious blackmail did not appeal to her but what was the [other option] ?

The timed section is usually twisty , with time-savings , but more difficult , alternative fences .
the timed section is usually twisty , with time-savings , but more difficult , [other option] fences .

If you do n't have at least two acres for the first horse and at least one per subsequent animal sharing the land , you have n't got enough for satisfactory winter keep and should be looking for an alternative .
if you do n't have at least two acres for the first horse and at least one per subsequent animal sharing the land , you have n't got enough for satisfactory winter keep and should be looking for an [other option] .

An alternative is to dig a trench and put planks or poles over it .
an [other option] is to dig a trench and put planks or poles over it .

Sandpaper on the floor of a hole with transparent cellophane on top , substituting for water , is an alternative , with the cellophane held down by pegs or small stones .
sandpaper on the floor of a hole with transparent cellophane on top , substituting for water , is an [other option] , with the cellophane held down by pegs or small stones .

They had little alternative but to stay there ‘ for as long as it takes ’ .
they had little [other option] but to stay there ‘ for as long as it takes ’ .

Lenders sought to take possession only as a last resort , but sometimes there was no alternative .
lenders sought to take possession only as a last resort , but sometimes there was no [other option] .

Often students with babies or young children are not able to pay the full cost of a place at a crèche , so usually alternative funding is required .
often students with babies or young children are not able to pay the full cost of a place at a crèche , so usually [other option] funding is required .

Radio plays can be a fresh alternative to yesterday 's video or tonight 's television .
radio plays can be a fresh [other option] to yesterday 's video or tonight 's television .

The ultimate in natural flooring , sisal makes a hard-wearing alternative to natural wood floors .
the ultimate in natural flooring , sisal makes a hard-wearing [other option] to natural wood floors .

The renewed interest in alternative fuels and feedstocks has revived coal gasification and the old technology is rapidly being brought up to date .
the renewed interest in [other option] fuels and feedstocks has revived coal gasification and the old technology is rapidly being brought up to date .

Bertram argues that game theory and kin selection should not be seen as alternative explanations ( Nature , vol 302 , p 356 ) .
bertram argues that game theory and kin selection should not be seen as [other option] explanations ( nature , vol 302 , p 356 ) .

The alternative is a small-scale industry , based on renewable resources — but designing this requires chemical expertise too .
the [other option] is a small-scale industry , based on renewable resources — but designing this requires chemical expertise too .

In one session he blissfully sucks the cerebral nipples of his guru ; in another , he becomes restive , greedily biting into his guru 's cortex and association areas , challenging them to yield more than milk ; in a third , offering alternative views of his own , the guru 's breast seems a source of hostility ; in a fourth ( particularly in his contest with Dr Thomas Myth-of-Mental-Illness Szasz ) , his id erupts , and he threatens to tear the errant guru limb from limb .
in one session he blissfully sucks the cerebral nipples of his guru ; in another , he becomes restive , greedily biting into his guru 's cortex and association areas , challenging them to yield more than milk ; in a third , offering [other option] views of his own , the guru 's breast seems a source of hostility ; in a fourth ( particularly in his contest with dr thomas myth-of-mental-illness szasz ) , his id erupts , and he threatens to tear the errant guru limb from limb .

His view , however , is implicitly gradualist — ‘ a temporal progressive sequence of changes within an evolutionary lineage ’ — and there is no indication of the extensive palaeontological literature of the past decade suggesting an alternative punctuational view , that species may evolve relatively rapidly and then remain unchanged for long periods .
his view , however , is implicitly gradualist — ‘ a temporal progressive sequence of changes within an evolutionary lineage ’ — and there is no indication of the extensive palaeontological literature of the past decade suggesting an [other option] punctuational view , that species may evolve relatively rapidly and then remain unchanged for long periods .

Today , with children turning to television for effortless , alternative entertainment , a distressing and accelerating trend in the teaching of reading is to sugar-coat the pill .
today , with children turning to television for effortless , [other option] entertainment , a distressing and accelerating trend in the teaching of reading is to sugar-coat the pill .

It can co-exist as alternative spellings during transition — indeed , a hundred or so words have been simplified this century when dictionaries have listed alternative spellings and the public has opted for the easier way of arranging the letters .
it can co-exist as [other option] spellings during transition — indeed , a hundred or so words have been simplified this century when dictionaries have listed [other option] spellings and the public has opted for the easier way of arranging the letters .

The process of unequal exchange also enables one variant of a gene to supplant , eventually , an originally much more abundant alternative .
the process of unequal exchange also enables one variant of a gene to supplant , eventually , an originally much more abundant [other option] .

An alternative to attacking the enzymes that catalyse important steps in the viral lifecycle is to try and interfere with the viral genetic material directly .
an [other option] to attacking the enzymes that catalyse important steps in the viral lifecycle is to try and interfere with the viral genetic material directly .

An alternative to using interferon itself as an anti-viral drug is to use chemicals that induce cells to make their own interferon .
an [other option] to using interferon itself as an anti-viral drug is to use chemicals that induce cells to make their own interferon .

What is the alternative ?
what is the [other option] ?

This species is the main alternative to spruce in much of the Uplands but has a much reduced capacity to take up sulphur compounds than any forest when assessed on the basis of weight per unit area .
this species is the main [other option] to spruce in much of the uplands but has a much reduced capacity to take up sulphur compounds than any forest when assessed on the basis of weight per unit area .

An alternative is to spray a pheromone , instead of an insecticide .
an [other option] is to spray a pheromone , instead of an insecticide .

It says the O-bahn , which beat a light rail alternative on cost , will not have the capacity or the convenience of a tram and is certainly more expensive ’ .
it says the o-bahn , which beat a light rail [other option] on cost , will not have the capacity or the convenience of a tram and is certainly more expensive ’ .

It is only part of a battery of equipment the cosmonauts use to counter the prolonged effect of weightlessness but it is an important one and some alternative will have to be found before women undertake long duration flights .
it is only part of a battery of equipment the cosmonauts use to counter the prolonged effect of weightlessness but it is an important one and some [other option] will have to be found before women undertake long duration flights .

The Reagan administration is trying to establish an alternative to the convention , in the form of a ‘ mini-treaty ’ including only the mining nations who recognise and protect each others ' claims .
the reagan administration is trying to establish an [other option] to the convention , in the form of a ‘ mini-treaty ’ including only the mining nations who recognise and protect each others ' claims .

As an alternative to protecting the ‘ victim ’ device , the noise can be suppressed at source , by screening it or attenuating its power .
as an [other option] to protecting the ‘ victim ’ device , the noise can be suppressed at source , by screening it or attenuating its power .

Throughout , the emphasis is on constructing multiple alternative models , which can be explored and tested against each other .
throughout , the emphasis is on constructing multiple [other option] models , which can be explored and tested against each other .

First , there is an inability to consider alternative ways in which the ‘ other side ’ may see the world , and especially the possibility that they may see ‘ us ’ as the aggressor .
first , there is an inability to consider [other option] ways in which the ‘ other side ’ may see the world , and especially the possibility that they may see ‘ us ’ as the aggressor .

It is hoped that no further speculation on alternative causes of ‘ monster sightings ’ shall envisage Loch Ness as a stagnant pond .
it is hoped that no further speculation on [other option] causes of ‘ monster sightings ’ shall envisage loch ness as a stagnant pond .

Fluids are an alternative cooling medium .
fluids are an [other option] cooling medium .

The acceptance of tidied-up urban commons as an alternative to mown grass may be well in the future as far as most local authorities are concerned .
the acceptance of tidied-up urban commons as an [other option] to mown grass may be well in the future as far as most local authorities are concerned .

Alternative energy technologies will be successfully diffused only if realistic assumptions are made about the real economic situation in the Third World .
[other option] energy technologies will be successfully diffused only if realistic assumptions are made about the real economic situation in the third world .

Papaver bracteatum appears to be a commercially viable alternative to the opium poppy .
papaver bracteatum appears to be a commercially viable [other option] to the opium poppy .

In Czechoslovakia , where not much exotic hi fi is available , enthusiast Jin-Janda designed a cheaper alternative .
in czechoslovakia , where not much exotic hi fi is available , enthusiast jin-janda designed a cheaper [other option] .

The alternative is to use a ‘ multimode ’ fibre which has a wide optical core ( around 50 micrometres ) .
the [other option] is to use a ‘ multimode ’ fibre which has a wide optical core ( around 50 micrometres ) .

Rather , it identifies the way in which the decision as to who should operate the telescope was taken and reports that many university astronomers felt the possibility of alternative organisational arrangements should have been publicly debated .
rather , it identifies the way in which the decision as to who should operate the telescope was taken and reports that many university astronomers felt the possibility of [other option] organisational arrangements should have been publicly debated .

But two years ago the idea popped up again , as part of the Lucas Aerospace workers ' alternative corporate plan .
but two years ago the idea popped up again , as part of the lucas aerospace workers ' [other option] corporate plan .

The Lucas workers ' Centre for Alternative Industrial and Technological Systems and the North East London Polytechnic bought a secondhand Bristol bus and converted it .
the lucas workers ' centre for [other option] industrial and technological systems and the north east london polytechnic bought a secondhand bristol bus and converted it .

But there is an alternative .
but there is an [other option] .

Thus he sought in his lecture to ridicule the suggestion made by Waldron and myself in 1974 that detoxification with penicillamine might be a useful alternative to prison ( itself almost wholly useless ) in the management of those types of offender exhibiting the hyperactivity syndrome .
thus he sought in his lecture to ridicule the suggestion made by waldron and myself in 1974 that detoxification with penicillamine might be a useful [other option] to prison ( itself almost wholly useless ) in the management of those types of offender exhibiting the hyperactivity syndrome .

The proportions of individuals with these alternative life styles differ between populations , so that in some areas of the world all individuals change sex .
the proportions of individuals with these [other option] life styles differ between populations , so that in some areas of the world all individuals change sex .

As he develops his theme , he concurrently reviews a wide literature and continually suggests plant and animal groups which will provide tests of alternative hypotheses .
as he develops his theme , he concurrently reviews a wide literature and continually suggests plant and animal groups which will provide tests of [other option] hypotheses .

Scientists examining alternative approaches are attracted to the idea of using molecules that are chemicals designed to assemble themselves into a film .
scientists examining [other option] approaches are attracted to the idea of using molecules that are chemicals designed to assemble themselves into a film .

The Centre for Alternative Technology , a charity , has run a working exhibition on ‘ low impact technologies ’ since 1974 .
the centre for [other option] technology , a charity , has run a working exhibition on ‘ low impact technologies ’ since 1974 .

For example , where does informed thinking now stand on the future of the railways , or , for that matter , the development of alternative energy sources ?
for example , where does informed thinking now stand on the future of the railways , or , for that matter , the development of [other option] energy sources ?

The chapter ‘ Exploiting tolerance ’ deals with the way in which creationists appeal for their subject to be accepted in schools as an alternative to evolution and also make much of there being a scientific establishment with a collective closed mind .
the chapter ‘ exploiting tolerance ’ deals with the way in which creationists appeal for their subject to be accepted in schools as an [other option] to evolution and also make much of there being a scientific establishment with a collective closed mind .

One response to this affront is to erect an alternative system of belief ; to fabricate another , esoteric world of ideas that seems to challenge and in turn to trivialise the ideas that are proving so bothersome .
one response to this affront is to erect an [other option] system of belief ; to fabricate another , esoteric world of ideas that seems to challenge and in turn to trivialise the ideas that are proving so bothersome .

So , if modern orthodox astronomy seems esoteric and omniscient , let 's erect alternative theories of astronomy that are no less esoteric , and which challenge the claim to omniscience .
so , if modern orthodox astronomy seems esoteric and omniscient , let 's erect [other option] theories of astronomy that are no less esoteric , and which challenge the claim to omniscience .

We are now reaching the stage where we will shortly run out of alternative chemicals .
we are now reaching the stage where we will shortly run out of [other option] chemicals .

Resistance , the sparsity of new compounds and the exaggerated opposition of environmentalists have led inevitably to considerations of alternative methods of control .
resistance , the sparsity of new compounds and the exaggerated opposition of environmentalists have led inevitably to considerations of [other option] methods of control .

Already the biggest obstacle to the dissemination of improved techniques of mud building is that scientists and housing experts have decried mud so much that even the poor , who have no alternative to mud , do not want to live in it .
already the biggest obstacle to the dissemination of improved techniques of mud building is that scientists and housing experts have decried mud so much that even the poor , who have no [other option] to mud , do not want to live in it .

The alternative is to generate the molecules within the matrix .
the [other option] is to generate the molecules within the matrix .

Not necessarily , for as Seeboard spokesman Derek Liquorish points out : ‘ The alternative is disconnection .
not necessarily , for as seeboard spokesman derek liquorish points out : ‘ the [other option] is disconnection .

In the cause of historical justice , it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily assigning to the cosmical redshift all the attributes of an ordinary velocity shift ; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any alternative treatment .
in the cause of historical justice , it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily assigning to the cosmical redshift all the attributes of an ordinary velocity shift ; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any [other option] treatment .

So as not to be full of wind and fury alone , the report closes with alternative budget proposals , suggesting for example that proposed spending on nuclear energy be halved and spending on energy conservation be increased from 2 to 34 per cent of the energy budget .
so as not to be full of wind and fury alone , the report closes with [other option] budget proposals , suggesting for example that proposed spending on nuclear energy be halved and spending on energy conservation be increased from 2 to 34 per cent of the energy budget .

The rest , collectively categorised as ‘ alternative medicine ’ , ‘ fringe medicine ’ and ‘ natural therapeutics ’ , have sometimes been ignored by orthodox Western medical practitioners , and sometimes derided .
the rest , collectively categorised as ‘ [other option] medicine ’ , ‘ fringe medicine ’ and ‘ natural therapeutics ’ , have sometimes been ignored by orthodox western medical practitioners , and sometimes derided .

But interest is growing in alternative medical systems , both among patients and lay healers who have found them helpful , and among physicians and scientists , who are beginning to find that they really do have something to offer .
but interest is growing in [other option] medical systems , both among patients and lay healers who have found them helpful , and among physicians and scientists , who are beginning to find that they really do have something to offer .

But scientists and lay practitioners alike must recognise that the terms and concepts used in alternative systems of medicine may have no exact equivalent in Western medicine , and must to some extent be-seen as metaphors ; and that standard ways of assessing therapy , notably by the double-blind controlled trial , may simply not be applicable to many alternative systems .
but scientists and lay practitioners alike must recognise that the terms and concepts used in [other option] systems of medicine may have no exact equivalent in western medicine , and must to some extent be-seen as metaphors ; and that standard ways of assessing therapy , notably by the double-blind controlled trial , may simply not be applicable to many [other option] systems .

Trimphones were introduced in the 1960s as an alternative to the conventional type of ‘ phone , and now account for almost 6 per cent of all Britain 's telephones .
trimphones were introduced in the 1960s as an [other option] to the conventional type of ‘ phone , and now account for almost 6 per cent of all britain 's telephones .

The several carnivores , such as the badger and the skunk , which are noticeably sluggish for their size , are species which either do not need speed for capturing prey or have alternative means of self-defence .
the several carnivores , such as the badger and the skunk , which are noticeably sluggish for their size , are species which either do not need speed for capturing prey or have [other option] means of self-defence .

An alternative to mining might be to pump the superheated brine emerging from the ‘ smokers ’ directly to the surface .
an [other option] to mining might be to pump the superheated brine emerging from the ‘ smokers ’ directly to the surface .

Placed in the middle of a field of alfalfa , foraging bees will fly tremendous distances to find alternative sources of food .
placed in the middle of a field of alfalfa , foraging bees will fly tremendous distances to find [other option] sources of food .

This ability to form a mental map and then formulate behaviour ( perhaps by imagining various alternative scenarios ) seems very like the ability of chimpanzees to imagine the solution to the hanging-banana problem by stacking the boxes in their minds before performing the behaviour for real , and of course the same process goes on in our own minds all the time .
this ability to form a mental map and then formulate behaviour ( perhaps by imagining various [other option] scenarios ) seems very like the ability of chimpanzees to imagine the solution to the hanging-banana problem by stacking the boxes in their minds before performing the behaviour for real , and of course the same process goes on in our own minds all the time .

In their search for alternative supplies , English furniture makers turned to other parts of Europe and , more important , to the New World .
in their search for [other option] supplies , english furniture makers turned to other parts of europe and , more important , to the new world .

Rapa Nui is a modern Polynesian appellation , and the alternative Te Pito 0 Te Hanua , fancifully translated as ‘ the navel of the world ’ is better rendered as ‘ land 's end ’ , referring to one of the headlands .
rapa nui is a modern polynesian appellation , and the [other option] te pito 0 te hanua , fancifully translated as ‘ the navel of the world ’ is better rendered as ‘ land 's end ’ , referring to one of the headlands .

Alternative hypotheses usually exist , and have to be considered .
[other option] hypotheses usually exist , and have to be considered .

It is one of the weaknesses of the Wilson book , and unfortunately also of the Rutter and Jones book , that obvious alternative hypotheses are not considered — possibly because no research has been devoted to the elucidation of the causal chain .
it is one of the weaknesses of the wilson book , and unfortunately also of the rutter and jones book , that obvious [other option] hypotheses are not considered — possibly because no research has been devoted to the elucidation of the causal chain .

In providing a popular account of the ‘ socialist ’ view of science , Albany and Schwartz have been almost wholly destructive , and compounded the crime by failing to build convincing alternative views of the relationship between science and society .
in providing a popular account of the ‘ socialist ’ view of science , albany and schwartz have been almost wholly destructive , and compounded the crime by failing to build convincing [other option] views of the relationship between science and society .

For the feckless environmental and alternative energy programme , the march backward continues , especially for solar and conservation technologies .
for the feckless environmental and [other option] energy programme , the march backward continues , especially for solar and conservation technologies .

Water cooling eliminates the problem in mainframe computers , but smaller machinery must find an alternative .
water cooling eliminates the problem in mainframe computers , but smaller machinery must find an [other option] .

The alternative is to scare off the enemy and this is done by inflating the body and raising the rear end of it towards the approaching assailant .
the [other option] is to scare off the enemy and this is done by inflating the body and raising the rear end of it towards the approaching assailant .

The otter has no alternative but to retreat in agony and attempt to prize the claws free .
the otter has no [other option] but to retreat in agony and attempt to prize the claws free .

One common solution to this problem , which avoids the politically undesirable alternative of imposing or reimposing fees , is to rely on parents to provide equipment , just as they are very widely expected to help in the construction and sometimes the furnishing of schools .
one common solution to this problem , which avoids the politically undesirable [other option] of imposing or reimposing fees , is to rely on parents to provide equipment , just as they are very widely expected to help in the construction and sometimes the furnishing of schools .

There is some evidence that the desire to find one rather than alternative answers to a problem may have its origins in patterns of indigenous education .
there is some evidence that the desire to find one rather than [other option] answers to a problem may have its origins in patterns of indigenous education .

By 1969 a complete textbook series from primary one to primary seven ( pupils ' books and accompanying teacher 's guides ) ; a manual for teacher training , Basic Concepts in Mathematics ; and two alternative series for secondary schools had been produced , providing in all 67 volumes of prototype materials .
by 1969 a complete textbook series from primary one to primary seven ( pupils ' books and accompanying teacher 's guides ) ; a manual for teacher training , basic concepts in mathematics ; and two [other option] series for secondary schools had been produced , providing in all 67 volumes of prototype materials .

To what extent are the real planning implications of curriculum development realised ? If they are realised with their true implications in terms of money , manpower , materials and time , can the realities be faced ? If not have we a long term alternative or are we doomed to continue dealing in unrealities ?
to what extent are the real planning implications of curriculum development realised ? if they are realised with their true implications in terms of money , manpower , materials and time , can the realities be faced ? if not have we a long term [other option] or are we doomed to continue dealing in unrealities ?

Table 6 attempts to show comparative official time allocations contained in syllabuses in six countries — and alternative patterns within two of them , Nigeria and Tanzania .
table 6 attempts to show comparative official time allocations contained in syllabuses in six countries — and [other option] patterns within two of them , nigeria and tanzania .

This extent will inevitably vary and , in consequence , it may prove wiser to provide for alternative approaches within a system than to force patterns of integration on insecure and bewildered teachers .
this extent will inevitably vary and , in consequence , it may prove wiser to provide for [other option] approaches within a system than to force patterns of integration on insecure and bewildered teachers .

Already , and much publicised , we have the Tanzanian alternative whereby cumulative records of performance and teachers ' reports have been used alongside examination marks to determine who goes to secondary school .
already , and much publicised , we have the tanzanian [other option] whereby cumulative records of performance and teachers ' reports have been used alongside examination marks to determine who goes to secondary school .

alternative units in science and social studies to suit different interests and different local conditions .
[other option] units in science and social studies to suit different interests and different local conditions .

Accept the wakefulness , finding your own alternative to being asleep , and sleep , in its own contrary way , is more likely to come .
accept the wakefulness , finding your own [other option] to being asleep , and sleep , in its own contrary way , is more likely to come .

Physiotherapy may help , and various forms of alternative medicine , particularly acupuncture , can give pain relief .
physiotherapy may help , and various forms of [other option] medicine , particularly acupuncture , can give pain relief .

’ But unlike many well-meaning friends , he followed it up with a practical alternative : ‘ Tell God every detail of your needs in earnest and thankful prayer , and the peace of God , which transcends human understanding , will keep constant guard over your hearts and minds as they rest in Christ Jesus .
’ but unlike many well-meaning friends , he followed it up with a practical [other option] : ‘ tell god every detail of your needs in earnest and thankful prayer , and the peace of god , which transcends human understanding , will keep constant guard over your hearts and minds as they rest in christ jesus .

When the doctor confirms that it is important to provide care , or when too much anxiety is felt in leaving an elderly person alone , the time has come to consider alternative options .
when the doctor confirms that it is important to provide care , or when too much anxiety is felt in leaving an elderly person alone , the time has come to consider [other option] options .

Attitudes to homosexuality and lesbianism in our society range from complete rejection to acceptance of it as a valid alternative to a heterosexual preference .
attitudes to homosexuality and lesbianism in our society range from complete rejection to acceptance of it as a valid [other option] to a heterosexual preference .

Christians have also failed to care sufficiently for the victims of the new morality , or to demonstrate a satisfying alternative in positive , healthy family life .
christians have also failed to care sufficiently for the victims of the new morality , or to demonstrate a satisfying [other option] in positive , healthy family life .

Sex and religion are not alternative outlets .
sex and religion are not [other option] outlets .

However , this policy was accepted on the understanding that it would be flexible in its operation and that the Council would provide alternative sites to disappointed applicants .
however , this policy was accepted on the understanding that it would be flexible in its operation and that the council would provide [other option] sites to disappointed applicants .

In addition , it proved to be very difficult for the Council to acquire land in suitable areas to provide alternative building sites for applicants whose first choice of site was unacceptable to the planners and the Planning Committee
in addition , it proved to be very difficult for the council to acquire land in suitable areas to provide [other option] building sites for applicants whose first choice of site was unacceptable to the planners and the planning committee

Two shafts gave access to the colliery ; the main shaft was used for the transportation of men and materials , including the coal produced , while the other was maintained as an alternative or emergency route to the surface .
two shafts gave access to the colliery ; the main shaft was used for the transportation of men and materials , including the coal produced , while the other was maintained as an [other option] or emergency route to the surface .

Although all denominations within Christian and other churches have provided a measure of religious service for many people , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that this is because such people have been unable to find an acceptable alternative .
although all denominations within christian and other churches have provided a measure of religious service for many people , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that this is because such people have been unable to find an acceptable [other option] .

In these situations there is no hope for an end to these ‘ holy ’ conflicts unless there becomes available some completely new religion which rejects all existing ‘ gods ’ , and offers an alternative form of religion and deity with viability so well reasoned and convincing that it inexorably eliminates all others .
in these situations there is no hope for an end to these ‘ holy ’ conflicts unless there becomes available some completely new religion which rejects all existing ‘ gods ’ , and offers an [other option] form of religion and deity with viability so well reasoned and convincing that it inexorably eliminates all others .

This latter group of people will inevitably form the great majority , and it is mainly they who will provide the justification for the establishment of a clergy for the ‘ Alternative Religion ’ , and it is they who will prefer to put their faith in carefully chosen leaders , possibly elected from among the others , and on whom they can call for guidance .
this latter group of people will inevitably form the great majority , and it is mainly they who will provide the justification for the establishment of a clergy for the ‘ [other option] religion ’ , and it is they who will prefer to put their faith in carefully chosen leaders , possibly elected from among the others , and on whom they can call for guidance .

The meaning of ‘ the capacity to enjoy life ’ within the Alternative Religion will be enlarged upon in the final chapter of this book .
the meaning of ‘ the capacity to enjoy life ’ within the [other option] religion will be enlarged upon in the final chapter of this book .

The Alternative Religion needs no other unproved assumption than the existence of the ‘ unit of desire ’ .
the [other option] religion needs no other unproved assumption than the existence of the ‘ unit of desire ’ .

The fact of Darwinian evolution and the fact of the irrefutable need of mankind for a ‘ god ’ are capable of complete harmonisation within the tenets of the Alternative Religion .
the fact of darwinian evolution and the fact of the irrefutable need of mankind for a ‘ god ’ are capable of complete harmonisation within the tenets of the [other option] religion .

The Inherent Strength of the Alternative Religion
the inherent strength of the [other option] religion

Therefore it is this God , created within the period of earthly life , and free from superstitious speculation about the origins of the universe , that provides the potential strength of the Alternative Religion .
therefore it is this god , created within the period of earthly life , and free from superstitious speculation about the origins of the universe , that provides the potential strength of the [other option] religion .

The chapter on ‘ Sickness and the Alternative Religion ’ suggests how practical substance can be given to this statement .
the chapter on ‘ sickness and the [other option] religion ’ suggests how practical substance can be given to this statement .

The word ‘ spiritual ’ , for the purpose of the Alternative Religion , has been defined above and refers to a characteristic of developed human life .
the word ‘ spiritual ’ , for the purpose of the [other option] religion , has been defined above and refers to a characteristic of developed human life .

The Alternative Religion , therefore accepts that carefully regulated individual rights to ownership can be fully justified on the grounds ( among others ) that such rights have been established deep in the story of human evolution .
the [other option] religion , therefore accepts that carefully regulated individual rights to ownership can be fully justified on the grounds ( among others ) that such rights have been established deep in the story of human evolution .

The decisions arrived at are at the very heart of the success or failure of the Created God to be the foundation of the Alternative Religion .
the decisions arrived at are at the very heart of the success or failure of the created god to be the foundation of the [other option] religion .

Later chapters will consider some of these issues as they could be affected by the Alternative Religion .
later chapters will consider some of these issues as they could be affected by the [other option] religion .

This last alternative is almost certainly the truth of the matter .
this last [other option] is almost certainly the truth of the matter .

The concept of the Created God completely rules out the exclusion from the Alternative Religion of any part whatsoever of humankind , whether it be by reason of race , colour , sex , or for any other reason at all which may create an identifiable group or individual .
the concept of the created god completely rules out the exclusion from the [other option] religion of any part whatsoever of humankind , whether it be by reason of race , colour , sex , or for any other reason at all which may create an identifiable group or individual .

When in the fullness of immense periods of time , emerging man found that he needed a ‘ god ’ , and a logical conception of ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ , he had no alternative but to accept that the countless millions of operations which make up the law of the ‘ survival of the fittest ’ , had necessarily to be designated either ‘ good ’ , if they furthered the cause , or completely disregarded if they did not .
when in the fullness of immense periods of time , emerging man found that he needed a ‘ god ’ , and a logical conception of ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ , he had no [other option] but to accept that the countless millions of operations which make up the law of the ‘ survival of the fittest ’ , had necessarily to be designated either ‘ good ’ , if they furthered the cause , or completely disregarded if they did not .

There is no alternative to ( 19 ) , for otherwise the production of man could not , of itself , be designated ‘ good ’ .
there is no [other option] to ( 19 ) , for otherwise the production of man could not , of itself , be designated ‘ good ’ .

Right and wrong established from these sources is utterly vague and capable of unlimited alternative interpretations .
right and wrong established from these sources is utterly vague and capable of unlimited [other option] interpretations .

The human being has within it the physical and mental capacity to do this , and must accept that there is no alternative way for it to be done .
the human being has within it the physical and mental capacity to do this , and must accept that there is no [other option] way for it to be done .

Failure to create the embryo conscience at this time will leave society with no alternative but to use the power of punishment when correction becomes necessary .
failure to create the embryo conscience at this time will leave society with no [other option] but to use the power of punishment when correction becomes necessary .

For only in the formal processes of the courts was there any common alternative to the use of force ; and in most European countries throughout the period of this book kings and their officers had the greatest difficulty in preventing might from proving stronger than right : disorder was endemic , justice weak — but none the less sought after and admired for being in short supply .
for only in the formal processes of the courts was there any common [other option] to the use of force ; and in most european countries throughout the period of this book kings and their officers had the greatest difficulty in preventing might from proving stronger than right : disorder was endemic , justice weak — but none the less sought after and admired for being in short supply .

The alternative to ‘ gaining meaning ’ is to be overwhelmed , to lose individuality , and to lose control .
the [other option] to ‘ gaining meaning ’ is to be overwhelmed , to lose individuality , and to lose control .

Alternative Entry
[other option] entry

There really is no alternative .
there really is no [other option] .

However , many firms take a fairly robust approach to allocation , using one overall basis ( such as space times fee income ) and as long as it is a fair allocation and does not distort fee rates , it provides a perfectly acceptable alternative to the more detailed method .
however , many firms take a fairly robust approach to allocation , using one overall basis ( such as space times fee income ) and as long as it is a fair allocation and does not distort fee rates , it provides a perfectly acceptable [other option] to the more detailed method .

The standard alternative to raising money by shares is to do it by borrowing .
the standard [other option] to raising money by shares is to do it by borrowing .

There , if the person with the benefit says ‘ no ’ , the alternative can be relatively time-consuming expensive and uncertain .
there , if the person with the benefit says ‘ no ’ , the [other option] can be relatively time-consuming expensive and uncertain .

So the next question he asked was whether , to protect the young , sows would willingly accept controls as an alternative to being forcibly confined .
so the next question he asked was whether , to protect the young , sows would willingly accept controls as an [other option] to being forcibly confined .

It 's an assertion that needs no lengthy qualification when you look at the Twingo , Renault 's hugely characterful and versatile Clio alternative .
it 's an assertion that needs no lengthy qualification when you look at the twingo , renault 's hugely characterful and versatile clio [other option] .

Sue Baring continued : ‘ The Liberal Democrats are the only credible alternative to the Conservatives in this constituency .
sue baring continued : ‘ the liberal democrats are the only credible [other option] to the conservatives in this constituency .

On the face of it , it would seem that the eels could breed in many alternative places , well within their reach .
on the face of it , it would seem that the eels could breed in many [other option] places , well within their reach .

Michell 's work provided the opportunity researchers had been waiting for and Pat Gadsby and Chris Hutton-Squire , of the alternative technology magazine , Undercurrents , took up the challenge .
michell 's work provided the opportunity researchers had been waiting for and pat gadsby and chris hutton-squire , of the [other option] technology magazine , undercurrents , took up the challenge .

The essence of any claims for psychic phenomena or powers is that there are alternative realities to the physical .
the essence of any claims for psychic phenomena or powers is that there are [other option] realities to the physical .

This may depend on their level of awareness , or , as Edward de Bono puts it in his Second Law of Thinking , what appears to be ‘ proof ’ is often no more than a lack of imagination in providing an alternative explanation .
this may depend on their level of awareness , or , as edward de bono puts it in his second law of thinking , what appears to be ‘ proof ’ is often no more than a lack of imagination in providing an [other option] explanation .

Archaeologists are beginning to realize this and are looking at alternative approaches , seeing sites as part of the landscape and related to one another , something which has been advocated by students of leys and Earth Mysteries for many years .
archaeologists are beginning to realize this and are looking at [other option] approaches , seeing sites as part of the landscape and related to one another , something which has been advocated by students of leys and earth mysteries for many years .

He has had to find an alternative group in Europe which will be able to hold its own against the formidable record of Eliot Gardiner 's English Baroque Soloists , and has chosen well with the Hungarian ‘ authentic ’ orchestra Capella Savaria .
he has had to find an [other option] group in europe which will be able to hold its own against the formidable record of eliot gardiner 's english baroque soloists , and has chosen well with the hungarian ‘ authentic ’ orchestra capella savaria .

The re-emergence of the Soviet Union from its self-imposed isolation offers British companies an alternative to the saturated consumer markets and cartelised suppliers of western Europe .
the re-emergence of the soviet union from its self-imposed isolation offers british companies an [other option] to the saturated consumer markets and cartelised suppliers of western europe .

For some east German companies , flotations on the Berlin stock exchange could be an alternative to being bought .
for some east german companies , flotations on the berlin stock exchange could be an [other option] to being bought .

For those who can not afford this sort of treatment , but have plenty of time to spare , co-counselling may represent a viable alternative .
for those who can not afford this sort of treatment , but have plenty of time to spare , co-counselling may represent a viable [other option] .

An alternative explanation is that the person becomes sensitized to chemicals produced by the Candida yeast , and therefore reacts to quite small amounts of them .
an [other option] explanation is that the person becomes sensitized to chemicals produced by the candida yeast , and therefore reacts to quite small amounts of them .

If you are taking any medicines in syrup form , ask your doctor if he can prescribe a sugar-free alternative .
if you are taking any medicines in syrup form , ask your doctor if he can prescribe a sugar-free [other option] .

say the least , but is there an alternative explanation that is compatible with food intolerance ?
say the least , but is there an [other option] explanation that is compatible with food intolerance ?

Should the baby recover on one of these alternative formulas , then cow 's milk formula should be tested about a month later , to see what effect it has .
should the baby recover on one of these [other option] formulas , then cow 's milk formula should be tested about a month later , to see what effect it has .

It may be that the switch to an alternative formula happened to coincide with a spontaneous recovery .
it may be that the switch to an [other option] formula happened to coincide with a spontaneous recovery .

Subsequent or alternative drinks had to be paid for at saloon-bar prices , so Clive managed to turn a profit on the evening .
subsequent or [other option] drinks had to be paid for at saloon-bar prices , so clive managed to turn a profit on the evening .

This and all the other alternative orifices fell into disuse .
this and all the other [other option] orifices fell into disuse .

Spectroscopy grade tetra is a slightly different case — not a great deal is used , Horne said , but spectroscopists have no direct alternative , so he has laid in a supply .
spectroscopy grade tetra is a slightly different case — not a great deal is used , horne said , but spectroscopists have no direct [other option] , so he has laid in a supply .

So far the Department of the Environment has identified very few ‘ essential uses ’ for which there is no alternative to carbon tetrachloride .
so far the department of the environment has identified very few ‘ essential uses ’ for which there is no [other option] to carbon tetrachloride .

It is a schism which may have contributed to the stalled development of GaAs as an alternative in digital technology .
it is a schism which may have contributed to the stalled development of gaas as an [other option] in digital technology .

Simplesse does not offer an alternative for people allergic to dairy products because it is made from milk whey and eggs , although tests have shown that the microparticulated proteins in Simplesse cause no greater allergic reaction than the component proteins .
simplesse does not offer an [other option] for people allergic to dairy products because it is made from milk whey and eggs , although tests have shown that the microparticulated proteins in simplesse cause no greater allergic reaction than the component proteins .

There are also alternative routes for producing macroporous hydroxyapatite powder which will create macroporosity during firing of the mixture .
there are also [other option] routes for producing macroporous hydroxyapatite powder which will create macroporosity during firing of the mixture .

Dundee was not so lucky , and had to seek alternative premises to continue the school .
dundee was not so lucky , and had to seek [other option] premises to continue the school .

The first alternative ( and at one time in the News International dispute it was considered a possibility ) , is to fight censorship at an institutional level ; that is , for the professional association as an organization to join battle with the local authority or similar organization , by recourse to legal means whenever censorship arises .
the first [other option] ( and at one time in the news international dispute it was considered a possibility ) , is to fight censorship at an institutional level ; that is , for the professional association as an organization to join battle with the local authority or similar organization , by recourse to legal means whenever censorship arises .

The second alternative is to deal with library censorship on the individual and professional level .
the second [other option] is to deal with library censorship on the individual and professional level .

The persuasive approach of the alternative initiatives may take longer ( and time is a luxury one can not always afford in politics ) but it should be more influential .
the persuasive approach of the [other option] initiatives may take longer ( and time is a luxury one can not always afford in politics ) but it should be more influential .

It is even more unexpected to find that the two alternative explanations are completely different from one another .
it is even more unexpected to find that the two [other option] explanations are completely different from one another .

With drinking dishes , however , the smell of the detergent is simply added to the already unpleasant odour of the treated water , with the result that the cat will only drink from its official dish if it has no alternative .
with drinking dishes , however , the smell of the detergent is simply added to the already unpleasant odour of the treated water , with the result that the cat will only drink from its official dish if it has no [other option] .

They may well be faced with owners who demand that the operation be done , with the only alternative that their pet cat be destroyed .
they may well be faced with owners who demand that the operation be done , with the only [other option] that their pet cat be destroyed .

This last alternative is a possibility , but it is by no means easy .
this last [other option] is a possibility , but it is by no means easy .

There is an alternative .
there is an [other option] .

Quite possibly some of our breeding birds use one or two alternative sites , perhaps particularly where they are breeding on rather small stretches of water .
quite possibly some of our breeding birds use one or two [other option] sites , perhaps particularly where they are breeding on rather small stretches of water .

Male and female doctors attend for consultation on alternative days .
male and female doctors attend for consultation on [other option] days .

Except where alternative arrangements have been approved by or on behalf of the Senate , a candidate 's written examination scripts and work on which cumulative and other forms of assessment have been based shall be preserved until the end of December following the date on which the candidate qualified , or was due to qualify , for an award .
except where [other option] arrangements have been approved by or on behalf of the senate , a candidate 's written examination scripts and work on which cumulative and other forms of assessment have been based shall be preserved until the end of december following the date on which the candidate qualified , or was due to qualify , for an award .

This is usually due less to some brilliant inspiration of the moment than to a skilful adaptation of previously made and polished plans and techniques , and is therefore a product of planning rather than an alternative to it .
this is usually due less to some brilliant inspiration of the moment than to a skilful adaptation of previously made and polished plans and techniques , and is therefore a product of planning rather than an [other option] to it .

If on the other hand the consequences are neutral or unpleasant , then the behaviour is less likely to occur and an alternative will be found .
if on the other hand the consequences are neutral or unpleasant , then the behaviour is less likely to occur and an [other option] will be found .

We try to offset this by widening access through alternative routes , multi-level patterns and so forth , as described in later pages , but the essential problem of supply and demand remains .
we try to offset this by widening access through [other option] routes , multi-level patterns and so forth , as described in later pages , but the essential problem of supply and demand remains .

This course , with its strong academic emphasis , is a possible alternative to degree courses in the History of Art for those students who still seek to retain an involvement with practical work in Art and Design .
this course , with its strong academic emphasis , is a possible [other option] to degree courses in the history of art for those students who still seek to retain an involvement with practical work in art and design .

The only other alternative was to start an original act but after years of ‘ dancing as one , ’ most Girls could rarely think as individuals .
the only other [other option] was to start an original act but after years of ‘ dancing as one , ’ most girls could rarely think as individuals .

Some Girls accepted marriage offers simply because they saw no other alternative .
some girls accepted marriage offers simply because they saw no other [other option] .

It must have been dull touring around Britain after Broadway but she knew of no alternative .
it must have been dull touring around britain after broadway but she knew of no [other option] .

Many say they have had to turn down surgery , for instance , because they could not find alternative care for their dependants when a bed became available .
many say they have had to turn down surgery , for instance , because they could not find [other option] care for their dependants when a bed became available .

So if you ask your doctor about extra help , do n't accept a negative response , unless he/she is able to explain why these alternative methods would not help you .
so if you ask your doctor about extra help , do n't accept a negative response , unless he/she is able to explain why these [other option] methods would not help you .

Please try to give an alternative date if possible .
please try to give an [other option] date if possible .

Alternative night must be given but will be booked only if preferred night is full .
[other option] night must be given but will be booked only if preferred night is full .

Finally , this great natural funnel gave the maelstrom no alternative but to rear up into that great familiar wave .
finally , this great natural funnel gave the maelstrom no [other option] but to rear up into that great familiar wave .

But the Germans had paratroopers so the British had no alternative .
but the germans had paratroopers so the british had no [other option] .

The alternative approach , which is a feature of the American state clearinghouses , is the more ordered method of sending out standard questionnaires , and from this to compile directories of library activity .
the [other option] approach , which is a feature of the american state clearinghouses , is the more ordered method of sending out standard questionnaires , and from this to compile directories of library activity .

An alternative to more co-ordination of production is centralized production of guides of such a high quality that local production would be deemed redundant .
an [other option] to more co-ordination of production is centralized production of guides of such a high quality that local production would be deemed redundant .

Generally this approach seemed to achieve its aim , and was welcomed by many librarians as an alternative to a more rigid system based on pre-stated objectives .
generally this approach seemed to achieve its aim , and was welcomed by many librarians as an [other option] to a more rigid system based on pre-stated objectives .

At the same time it is important not to respond to any minor stress or new problem with an immediate appointment unless really necessary , telephone contact is often a useful alternative .
at the same time it is important not to respond to any minor stress or new problem with an immediate appointment unless really necessary , telephone contact is often a useful [other option] .

This often applies where a patient is faced by alternative choices .
this often applies where a patient is faced by [other option] choices .

Then the therapist needs to help him explore alternative approaches to the problem , or find some way of breaking the task down into more manageable steps .
then the therapist needs to help him explore [other option] approaches to the problem , or find some way of breaking the task down into more manageable steps .

The patient might rehearse in imagination the most constructive alternative so that he may readily adopt it if a crisis occurs .
the patient might rehearse in imagination the most constructive [other option] so that he may readily adopt it if a crisis occurs .

It also provides an opportunity for the therapist to re-evaluate the need for either additional or alternative treatment .
it also provides an opportunity for the therapist to re-evaluate the need for either additional or [other option] treatment .

Time was also spent exploring the consequences of the overdose and finding alternative ways of coping with similar problems in the future .
time was also spent exploring the consequences of the overdose and finding [other option] ways of coping with similar problems in the future .

The first involves teaching the patient alternative means of dealing with the feelings of tension which precede cutting , and the second involves psychotherapeutic measures aimed at improving the patient 's self-esteem , and her ability to communicate feelings and needs .
the first involves teaching the patient [other option] means of dealing with the feelings of tension which precede cutting , and the second involves psychotherapeutic measures aimed at improving the patient 's self-esteem , and her ability to communicate feelings and needs .

These are not necessarily alternative methods of management ; success is probably most likely where both are utilized .
these are not necessarily [other option] methods of management ; success is probably most likely where both are utilized .

These would include practising counter-thoughts in which alternative ways of viewing the situation are entertained , and switching to prerehearsed thoughts of circumstances in which the patient has felt particularly relaxed .
these would include practising counter-thoughts in which [other option] ways of viewing the situation are entertained , and switching to prerehearsed thoughts of circumstances in which the patient has felt particularly relaxed .

It is unlikely that any one method would suit all patients and therefore it is best to discuss with the patient alternative approaches to find out which seems the most likely to succeed .
it is unlikely that any one method would suit all patients and therefore it is best to discuss with the patient [other option] approaches to find out which seems the most likely to succeed .

This involves helping the patient develop alternative and less self-blaming ideas about how other people behave towards her , and examining with her the origins and validity of her underlying sense of worthlessness .
this involves helping the patient develop [other option] and less self-blaming ideas about how other people behave towards her , and examining with her the origins and validity of her underlying sense of worthlessness .

As a result , the alternative models proposed to deal with the needs of the large number of patients brought to general hospitals after suicide attempts have included a reassessment of the role of psychiatrists , physicians , and non-medically qualified therapists .
as a result , the [other option] models proposed to deal with the needs of the large number of patients brought to general hospitals after suicide attempts have included a reassessment of the role of psychiatrists , physicians , and non-medically qualified therapists .

An alternative system involving nurses has also been described and evaluated ( Catalan et al .
an [other option] system involving nurses has also been described and evaluated ( catalan et al .

Day-patient attendance can often be a very useful alternative , particularly when the patient is still experiencing serious difficulties in the absence of adequate support and when frequent contact is required .
day-patient attendance can often be a very useful [other option] , particularly when the patient is still experiencing serious difficulties in the absence of adequate support and when frequent contact is required .

This group of patients should be reviewed periodically to establish whether medication is indicated or whether alternative approaches should be used .
this group of patients should be reviewed periodically to establish whether medication is indicated or whether [other option] approaches should be used .

The first is the limitation in prescribing of psychotropic drugs and the provision of alternative forms of help for individuals with symptoms of depression and anxiety secondary to social problems .
the first is the limitation in prescribing of psychotropic drugs and the provision of [other option] forms of help for individuals with symptoms of depression and anxiety secondary to social problems .

Is it really necessary to explain the excitement of smashing things , whether they are milk bottles , shop windows , buses , telephone boxes or whatever , if the alternative is to stand there and do nothing .
is it really necessary to explain the excitement of smashing things , whether they are milk bottles , shop windows , buses , telephone boxes or whatever , if the [other option] is to stand there and do nothing .

The alternative was not delinquent youth , but the ordinary boy whose vices and virtues resembled those of his parents : on the one hand , cheerful , plucky , generous ; on the other , unstable , careless , superficial , noisy , thriftless , and so on .
the [other option] was not delinquent youth , but the ordinary boy whose vices and virtues resembled those of his parents : on the one hand , cheerful , plucky , generous ; on the other , unstable , careless , superficial , noisy , thriftless , and so on .

alternative use ( s ) to acting as money , all apart from precious metals have disadvantages .
[other option] use ( s ) to acting as money , all apart from precious metals have disadvantages .

The alternative is the ownership of physical assets — land , houses , cars , etc .
the [other option] is the ownership of physical assets — land , houses , cars , etc .

Firstly , the recession ( 1975–76 ) reduced oil demand while its high price encouraged the use of alternative energy sources plus oil exploration outside of the Middle-East .
firstly , the recession ( 1975–76 ) reduced oil demand while its high price encouraged the use of [other option] energy sources plus oil exploration outside of the middle-east .

Alternative foreign exchange risk cover techniques
[other option] foreign exchange risk cover techniques

The survival of international banking and the euro-credit market depends on adequate money market funds in each currency , the alternative for a bank being to purchase foreign exchange with domestic currency and thus incur a potential foreign exchange risk or lend its own domestic currency to overseas borrowers , e.g .
the survival of international banking and the euro-credit market depends on adequate money market funds in each currency , the [other option] for a bank being to purchase foreign exchange with domestic currency and thus incur a potential foreign exchange risk or lend its own domestic currency to overseas borrowers , e.g .

The Major had scotched his suggestion when he mentioned it to him over lunch , but the Under-Secretary 's unexpected decision had now left them with no alternative .
the major had scotched his suggestion when he mentioned it to him over lunch , but the under-secretary 's unexpected decision had now left them with no [other option] .

Another explained that the alternative cost of going to a library is very high .
another explained that the [other option] cost of going to a library is very high .

In trying to appreciate the variety of relevant perspectives that research workers have adopted , his table comprising 10 ‘ alternative lenses and approaches for strategy research ’ ( economics , cognitive psychology , analytical modelling , organisational behaviour , and so on ) is especially useful .
in trying to appreciate the variety of relevant perspectives that research workers have adopted , his table comprising 10 ‘ [other option] lenses and approaches for strategy research ’ ( economics , cognitive psychology , analytical modelling , organisational behaviour , and so on ) is especially useful .

By and large , information stored in files or computers is used mostly for packaging proposals and rarely for learning or initiating and evaluating alternative courses of action .
by and large , information stored in files or computers is used mostly for packaging proposals and rarely for learning or initiating and evaluating [other option] courses of action .

In the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries this cursive italic style gained ground as an alternative to secretary , although as Hector says ( op cit ) , ‘ By 1600 it was being written with such magnificent disregard of any calligraphical rules that it might be illegible to the writer 's contemporaries and compatriots .
in the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries this cursive italic style gained ground as an [other option] to secretary , although as hector says ( op cit ) , ‘ by 1600 it was being written with such magnificent disregard of any calligraphical rules that it might be illegible to the writer 's contemporaries and compatriots .

Furthermore , numbers of other organizations , large and small , have been involved in a variety of ‘ alternative ’ educational projects , and the question arises as to how much autonomy these should retain .
furthermore , numbers of other organizations , large and small , have been involved in a variety of ‘ [other option] ’ educational projects , and the question arises as to how much autonomy these should retain .

It even has hooliganism and violence and so must run football very close to being an alternative religion .
it even has hooliganism and violence and so must run football very close to being an [other option] religion .

The Church is then left with no alternative but to see salvation in Earthly terms since it has abandoned faith in a collective spiritual kingdom and relies on a shaky humanist spirituality .
the church is then left with no [other option] but to see salvation in earthly terms since it has abandoned faith in a collective spiritual kingdom and relies on a shaky humanist spirituality .

Unfortunately , for many parents the alternative to heavy-handed , autocratic childcare practices meant an excessively idealistic ( or self-indulgent ) laissez-faire attitude to a very serious business , and there are critics who believe we are now reaping the harvest of our ‘ permissive ’ ways ( see page 16 ) .
unfortunately , for many parents the [other option] to heavy-handed , autocratic childcare practices meant an excessively idealistic ( or self-indulgent ) laissez-faire attitude to a very serious business , and there are critics who believe we are now reaping the harvest of our ‘ permissive ’ ways ( see page 16 ) .

Another of the experiments demonstrated how important it is , if punishment is to work , for children to understand clearly what they are doing wrong and what alternative actions they can choose .
another of the experiments demonstrated how important it is , if punishment is to work , for children to understand clearly what they are doing wrong and what [other option] actions they can choose .

Time-out is unlikely to succeed unless it is part of a dual strategy in which you supplement the method with rewards for alternative , appropriate ways of behaving .
time-out is unlikely to succeed unless it is part of a dual strategy in which you supplement the method with rewards for [other option] , appropriate ways of behaving .

There is general consensus in the research studies that physical punishment does ‘ work ’ in the limited sense that it will suppress many behaviours quickly and completely — the latter only if alternative ( competing ) and desirable behaviours are encouraged with positive reinforcement ( rewards ) .
there is general consensus in the research studies that physical punishment does ‘ work ’ in the limited sense that it will suppress many behaviours quickly and completely — the latter only if [other option] ( competing ) and desirable behaviours are encouraged with positive reinforcement ( rewards ) .

’ The children are instructed to incorporate problem-solving efforts during use of the turtle technique , that is , to use this time to imagine alternative reactions to their frustrating situation and the consequences of each .
’ the children are instructed to incorporate problem-solving efforts during use of the turtle technique , that is , to use this time to imagine [other option] reactions to their frustrating situation and the consequences of each .

In this way , the child learns to expand his/ her range of alternative coping strategies .
in this way , the child learns to expand his/ her range of [other option] coping strategies .

Think of a desired alternative action — one that can not be performed at the same time as the ‘ problem ’ behaviour ( see page 55 ) .
think of a desired [other option] action — one that can not be performed at the same time as the ‘ problem ’ behaviour ( see page 55 ) .

Alternative Strategies towards Urban Regeneration
[other option] strategies towards urban regeneration

However , alternative approaches towards the comprehensive renewal of older urban areas have been devised elsewhere , both in England and particularly in Wales and Scotland .
however , [other option] approaches towards the comprehensive renewal of older urban areas have been devised elsewhere , both in england and particularly in wales and scotland .

However , in seeking alternative approaches towards urban revitalization than those implemented by UDCs , it is the Welsh Development Agency 's Scottish counterpart that offers the most interesting experience .
however , in seeking [other option] approaches towards urban revitalization than those implemented by udcs , it is the welsh development agency 's scottish counterpart that offers the most interesting experience .

Favours new villages of between 200 and 1,000 houses as an alternative to sporadic housing development in the countryside .
favours new villages of between 200 and 1,000 houses as an [other option] to sporadic housing development in the countryside .

To date applications for development in the Green Belt and open countryside have been resisted , but the government has expressed agreement with the new village concept as an alternative to sporadic countryside development .
to date applications for development in the green belt and open countryside have been resisted , but the government has expressed agreement with the new village concept as an [other option] to sporadic countryside development .

In recent months some in the planning profession have revived the notion of planned new communities in areas of particular stress as an alternative to unconstrained private sector development .
in recent months some in the planning profession have revived the notion of planned new communities in areas of particular stress as an [other option] to unconstrained private sector development .

We should by now be familiar with the general formula for decomposing data : Data = Fit + Residual The process of smoothing time series also produces such a decomposition of the data except that we mainly use the alternative , more suggestive form of words .
we should by now be familiar with the general formula for decomposing data : data = fit + residual the process of smoothing time series also produces such a decomposition of the data except that we mainly use the [other option] , more suggestive form of words .

An alternative would be to subtract the proportion of optimists from the proportion of pessimists .
an [other option] would be to subtract the proportion of optimists from the proportion of pessimists .

First , the vertical bars can give a somewhat smoother appearance to an otherwise jagged result ; blurring can thus be viewed as an alternative to hanning .
first , the vertical bars can give a somewhat smoother appearance to an otherwise jagged result ; blurring can thus be viewed as an [other option] to hanning .

The authors considered several alternative indicators of health need , and opted in the end for standardized mortality rates ( SMRs ) .
the authors considered several [other option] indicators of health need , and opted in the end for standardized mortality rates ( smrs ) .

Alternative indicators of well-being have therefore been sought .
[other option] indicators of well-being have therefore been sought .

As a consequence , there is a growing population of landless farmers whose only alternative to migrating to the ghettos of the major cities is to invade the forests .
as a consequence , there is a growing population of landless farmers whose only [other option] to migrating to the ghettos of the major cities is to invade the forests .

The social factors are also similar , including high rural populations , small landholdings and limited opportunities for alternative occupations .
the social factors are also similar , including high rural populations , small landholdings and limited opportunities for [other option] occupations .

The problem is further compounded in St Lucia because the amount of land under cultivation is sufficient to support only 40 per cent of the rural population and , since there are few opportunities in urban centres to provide alternative livelihoods , pressures on land will continue to occur .
the problem is further compounded in st lucia because the amount of land under cultivation is sufficient to support only 40 per cent of the rural population and , since there are few opportunities in urban centres to provide [other option] livelihoods , pressures on land will continue to occur .

Biogas produced in this way is not widely used as an alternative energy source in the developed world , but is now widely used in China where several million small-scale digesters have been constructed to produce fuel for cooking and lighting at a local level .
biogas produced in this way is not widely used as an [other option] energy source in the developed world , but is now widely used in china where several million small-scale digesters have been constructed to produce fuel for cooking and lighting at a local level .

In his single-button Italian Suits , Jim Baxter was adamant that he would live life to the full and fashion the club 's alternative image .
in his single-button italian suits , jim baxter was adamant that he would live life to the full and fashion the club 's [other option] image .

Always in search of alternative entertainment , Rough led the team 's other two keepers George Wood and David Harvey on a late-night expedition to a local hostelry known as ‘ The Marine Grill ’ .
always in search of [other option] entertainment , rough led the team 's other two keepers george wood and david harvey on a late-night expedition to a local hostelry known as ‘ the marine grill ’ .

Information on agricultural land use is unimportant to this application , whereas urban detail illustrating housing densities or alternative urban land is highly desirable .
information on agricultural land use is unimportant to this application , whereas urban detail illustrating housing densities or [other option] urban land is highly desirable .

Yet the consequences of any significant changes are a matter of the utmost concern to planners and to politicians at all levels , the quantification of the costs and benefits of alternative policy strategies is very much a matter for economists , and the adaptation of societies to massive change is a particular interest to sociologists and others .
yet the consequences of any significant changes are a matter of the utmost concern to planners and to politicians at all levels , the quantification of the costs and benefits of [other option] policy strategies is very much a matter for economists , and the adaptation of societies to massive change is a particular interest to sociologists and others .

An alternative approach is to begin by hypothesizing an environmental determinant of ill health and to collect data to test an explicit hypothesis .
an [other option] approach is to begin by hypothesizing an environmental determinant of ill health and to collect data to test an explicit hypothesis .

An alternative approach to real-time monitoring is to develop software capable of receiving data from external monitoring systems .
an [other option] approach to real-time monitoring is to develop software capable of receiving data from external monitoring systems .

Pennethorne submitted four alternative schemes with costs on 31st August , 1855 , which were then revised and resubmitted to Hall on 14th September , when one scheme was chosen .
pennethorne submitted four [other option] schemes with costs on 31st august , 1855 , which were then revised and resubmitted to hall on 14th september , when one scheme was chosen .

Some architects , such as Banks and Barry , had various parts of their work hung separately , which were accordingly separately numbered by the Office of Works , while others , such as Scott , had alternative designs under the same number .
some architects , such as banks and barry , had various parts of their work hung separately , which were accordingly separately numbered by the office of works , while others , such as scott , had [other option] designs under the same number .

Rochead had submitted alternative elevations for his plans , one in an Elizabethan style and the other in the French style , and to emphasize further their stylistic bias , the judges selected the latter version for a premium .
rochead had submitted [other option] elevations for his plans , one in an elizabethan style and the other in the french style , and to emphasize further their stylistic bias , the judges selected the latter version for a premium .

In the Foreign Office the central block was adjacent to the park , while with the War Department he gave the judges alternative layouts .
in the foreign office the central block was adjacent to the park , while with the war department he gave the judges [other option] layouts .

The lay judges , like Stanhope and Stirling , probably appreciated the shortcomings of neo-classical architecture for modern building , and saw the French style as a suitable nineteenth-century alternative .
the lay judges , like stanhope and stirling , probably appreciated the shortcomings of neo-classical architecture for modern building , and saw the french style as a suitable nineteenth-century [other option] .

The assurance with which Gothic schemes were presented made them the obvious alternative to Second Empire , but large secular Gothic buildings of this type were an unknown quantity .
the assurance with which gothic schemes were presented made them the obvious [other option] to second empire , but large secular gothic buildings of this type were an unknown quantity .

The Lords of the Treasury , Wilson said , regretted that this was ‘ not altogether in accordance ’ with the recommendations of the Select Committee , but they felt that they had no alternative .
the lords of the treasury , wilson said , regretted that this was ‘ not altogether in accordance ’ with the recommendations of the select committee , but they felt that they had no [other option] .

The long-term solution is to find alternative coolants , but that is proving difficult .
the long-term solution is to find [other option] coolants , but that is proving difficult .

The leading alternative to private medicine .
the leading [other option] to private medicine .

In Homoeopathy and many other types of alternative medicine the patient 's illness is placed in a much larger context .
in homoeopathy and many other types of [other option] medicine the patient 's illness is placed in a much larger context .

alternative , a passing
[other option] , a passing

It provides the obstinate youngster , who feels little or no anxiety when reprimanded , with an alternative foundation for meeting parents ’ expectations : a desire to preserve a spirit of affection and harmony with the parent .
it provides the obstinate youngster , who feels little or no anxiety when reprimanded , with an [other option] foundation for meeting parents ’ expectations : a desire to preserve a spirit of affection and harmony with the parent .

Yes , you should step in and teach alternative , cooperative modes of interaction—at as early an age as you observe bossiness .
yes , you should step in and teach [other option] , cooperative modes of interaction—at as early an age as you observe bossiness .

Another alternative is to place a poorly performing kindergarten child in a “ transition ” class—a waystation between kindergarten and ﬁrst grade .
another [other option] is to place a poorly performing kindergarten child in a “ transition ” class—a waystation between kindergarten and ﬁrst grade .

Deciding not to enroll a child and opting for an alternative experience is justiﬁable only when the kindergarten environment is so rigid and unaccommodating to individual differences that the child would be frustrated and unhappy and would have an unproductive year .
deciding not to enroll a child and opting for an [other option] experience is justiﬁable only when the kindergarten environment is so rigid and unaccommodating to individual differences that the child would be frustrated and unhappy and would have an unproductive year .

When cerebral palsy results in speech , hearing , or visual impairments , promoting language proﬁciency through alternative means is crucial for enhancing development .
when cerebral palsy results in speech , hearing , or visual impairments , promoting language proﬁciency through [other option] means is crucial for enhancing development .

Similarly , a 2-year-old who says that the sun disappearing below the horizon is “ sleepy ” is likely to receive an alternative explanation .
similarly , a 2-year-old who says that the sun disappearing below the horizon is “ sleepy ” is likely to receive an [other option] explanation .

A common element in the lives of such resilient youngsters , as I noted in Chapter 1 , is an unusually warm , positive relationship with at least one parent or a close tie with an adult outside the immediate family.125 What happens within these alternative relationships that shields the young person from problems or restores eective functioning ?
a common element in the lives of such resilient youngsters , as i noted in chapter 1 , is an unusually warm , positive relationship with at least one parent or a close tie with an adult outside the immediate family.125 what happens within these [other option] relationships that shields the young person from problems or restores eective functioning ?

On ﬁnishing high school , Sarah chose a religiously aliated college of the same denomination as that of her “ alternative ” family .
on ﬁnishing high school , sarah chose a religiously aliated college of the same denomination as that of her “ [other option] ” family .

Vygotsky maintained that in detaching symbols from objects and actions , make-believe play helps children use thought to choose deliberately among alternative courses of behavior .
vygotsky maintained that in detaching symbols from objects and actions , make-believe play helps children use thought to choose deliberately among [other option] courses of behavior .

The reason is that until recently , make-believe was largely studied in the laboratory , in sessions in which children arrived one-at-a-time and had no alternative but to play by themselves .
the reason is that until recently , make-believe was largely studied in the laboratory , in sessions in which children arrived one-at-a-time and had no [other option] but to play by themselves .

Chapter 9 ( “ Assembly and the Sewing Room ” ) examines the technical aspects of sewing—from different kinds of sewing machines to what sewing operators do—and alternative ways of arranging the flow of assembly operations through an apparel workplace .
chapter 9 ( “ assembly and the sewing room ” ) examines the technical aspects of sewing—from different kinds of sewing machines to what sewing operators do—and [other option] ways of arranging the flow of assembly operations through an apparel workplace .

Chapter 10 ( “ Human Resources in Apparel ” ) considers the impact of alternative methods of assembly—especially modular , or team-based , production—on firm performance .
chapter 10 ( “ human resources in apparel ” ) considers the impact of [other option] methods of assembly—especially modular , or team-based , production—on firm performance .

This view of production and inventory planning also provides a manufacturer with a more sophisticated tool for balancing alternative plant operating choices to maximize profits .
this view of production and inventory planning also provides a manufacturer with a more sophisticated tool for balancing [other option] plant operating choices to maximize profits .

Similarly , the impact of alternative methods for reducing plant cycle time depends not only on the direct costs of changes , but also on the reductions in inventory levels allowed by shorter lead times .
similarly , the impact of [other option] methods for reducing plant cycle time depends not only on the direct costs of changes , but also on the reductions in inventory levels allowed by shorter lead times .

An alternative approach offers continuous review—or an ( s , S ) model—in which the retailer continuously checks the inventory level .
an [other option] approach offers continuous review—or an ( s , s ) model—in which the retailer continuously checks the inventory level .

The alternative is to adopt quick-response manufacturing strategies that allow items to be produced to order .
the [other option] is to adopt quick-response manufacturing strategies that allow items to be produced to order .

The Internet has been often cited as an alternative to retailing and , presumably , a potential challenge to the dominant role played by lean retailers .
the internet has been often cited as an [other option] to retailing and , presumably , a potential challenge to the dominant role played by lean retailers .

Our research suggests that the cycle time of a fast production line should be no more than a week or two to be an effective alternative for the lower costs of a long-cycle line or plant .
our research suggests that the cycle time of a fast production line should be no more than a week or two to be an effective [other option] for the lower costs of a long-cycle line or plant .

The Gothic style became an established alternative for building country houses , and pointed arches appeared in décor and furniture .
the gothic style became an established [other option] for building country houses , and pointed arches appeared in décor and furniture .

Low riders have commonly been associated with cholos ( 1990s urban youth ) and gangs , but traditionally Chicanos seriously involved in low riding and customizing low-rider cars are not involved in gangs , and low-rider clubs actually present an alternative to gang involvement .
low riders have commonly been associated with cholos ( 1990s urban youth ) and gangs , but traditionally chicanos seriously involved in low riding and customizing low-rider cars are not involved in gangs , and low-rider clubs actually present an [other option] to gang involvement .

Thinking of equality as a “ proposition ” gives it a reality , an ontological presence in our lives , not quite captured by alternative terms like “ ideal ” or “ vision. ” We are conceived in one value and live anchored to another proposition , not yet instantiated in our daily practices .
thinking of equality as a “ proposition ” gives it a reality , an ontological presence in our lives , not quite captured by [other option] terms like “ ideal ” or “ vision. ” we are conceived in one value and live anchored to another proposition , not yet instantiated in our daily practices .

Industrialization spreading South might have made “ free labor ” a more appealing alternative for those who profited from the system of slave labor .
industrialization spreading south might have made “ free labor ” a more appealing [other option] for those who profited from the system of slave labor .

The alternative mode of compassionate jurisprudence relies on the concept of human dignity , elaborated in Article 1 of the German Basic Law of 1949 .
the [other option] mode of compassionate jurisprudence relies on the concept of human dignity , elaborated in article 1 of the german basic law of 1949 .

Our notion of equality-in-creation derives from the view that we are all of ultimate value , an idea that can be expressed either by going back to the biblical idea of creation in the image of God or taking the secular alternative of human dignity beyond all price , as articulated in Kant ’ s moral theory .
our notion of equality-in-creation derives from the view that we are all of ultimate value , an idea that can be expressed either by going back to the biblical idea of creation in the image of god or taking the secular [other option] of human dignity beyond all price , as articulated in kant ’ s moral theory .

In an alternative version of the postbellum legal order , also based on the value of nationhood , Charles Black stresses the reliance on national citizenship in the first sentence of the Fourteenth Amendment : “ All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. ” Membership in the nation is now defined by birth on the land , and the fact of nationality , legally recognized as citizenship , generates the most basic right of the new legal order .
in an [other option] version of the postbellum legal order , also based on the value of nationhood , charles black stresses the reliance on national citizenship in the first sentence of the fourteenth amendment : “ all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside. ” membership in the nation is now defined by birth on the land , and the fact of nationality , legally recognized as citizenship , generates the most basic right of the new legal order .

The alternative view of the case , winning support from four justices , including Oliver Wendell Holmes , Jr. and John Marshall Harlan , was that limiting hours of employment was a legitimate way for the state to exercise its responsibility to protect the health of those who chose to work as bakers .
the [other option] view of the case , winning support from four justices , including oliver wendell holmes , jr. and john marshall harlan , was that limiting hours of employment was a legitimate way for the state to exercise its responsibility to protect the health of those who chose to work as bakers .

In view of the potential for a general biology , what , in fact , are the alternative bases for self-reproducing molecular systems here and anywhere in the cosmos ?
in view of the potential for a general biology , what , in fact , are the [other option] bases for self-reproducing molecular systems here and anywhere in the cosmos ?

If there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to increase the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the Heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .
if there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to increase the diversity of [other option] events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .

It does not seem totally implausible that cells persistently abide in both the quantum and classical realms , in which the persistently propagating superposition of amplitudes for alternative molecular motions decohere on very rapid timescales and thereby help choose the now classical microstates of proteins and their motions as those proteins couple their coordinated dance with one another to carry out the alternative behaviors that guide a cell in its next set of actions , its adjacent possible .
it does not seem totally implausible that cells persistently abide in both the quantum and classical realms , in which the persistently propagating superposition of amplitudes for [other option] molecular motions decohere on very rapid timescales and thereby help choose the now classical microstates of proteins and their motions as those proteins couple their coordinated dance with one another to carry out the [other option] behaviors that guide a cell in its next set of actions , its adjacent possible .

More , at the high risk of saying something that might be related to the subject of consciousness , the persistent decoherence of persistently propagating superpositions of quantum possibility amplitudes such that the decoherent alternative becomes actualized as the now classical choice does have at least the feel of mind acting on matter .
more , at the high risk of saying something that might be related to the subject of consciousness , the persistent decoherence of persistently propagating superpositions of quantum possibility amplitudes such that the decoherent [other option] becomes actualized as the now classical choice does have at least the feel of mind acting on matter .

As the system of agents and actions settles down to some repeatable behavior , an increasingly wide range of alternative theories , simple and very complex , fit the same data .
as the system of agents and actions settles down to some repeatable behavior , an increasingly wide range of [other option] theories , simple and very complex , fit the same data .

There is another view of this generic phase transition between solvable and nonsolvable that again highlights the role of having alternative ways of doing things , robustly constructible strategies that are not easily blocked .
there is another view of this generic phase transition between solvable and nonsolvable that again highlights the role of having [other option] ways of doing things , robustly constructible strategies that are not easily blocked .

The normal disjunctive form makes it clear that as there is an increase in the number of alternative ways , K , of carrying out a task , or making a clause true , it is easier to satisfy the combined expression .
the normal disjunctive form makes it clear that as there is an increase in the number of [other option] ways , k , of carrying out a task , or making a clause true , it is easier to satisfy the combined expression .

The set of attractors are jointly the asymptotic long-term alternative behaviors of the network .
the set of attractors are jointly the asymptotic long-term [other option] behaviors of the network .

For each such island , cut o from influence by other islands by the frozen red structure , has its own alternative attractors , two for this island , five for that island , seven for a third island .
for each such island , cut o from influence by other islands by the frozen red structure , has its own [other option] attractors , two for this island , five for that island , seven for a third island .

Bruce and Tim did numerical experiments for dierent values of S and K and C where again K is the number of alternative species any given species could eat .
bruce and tim did numerical experiments for dierent values of s and k and c where again k is the number of [other option] species any given species could eat .

Both the gradualism and capacity to evolve are related to the number of alternative assignments of true or false to the V variables that satisfy the Ksat normal disjunctive form .
both the gradualism and capacity to evolve are related to the number of [other option] assignments of true or false to the v variables that satisfy the ksat normal disjunctive form .

The specific catalytic task that carries A ’ and A ’ ’ to A in the presence of a catalyst , B , speeds that specific reaction in comparison to the alternative reactions forming E , L , M , and P. Thus , the closure of the catalytic tasks , substrates and catalysts , A , B , A ’ , A ” , B ’ , B ” , achieves a coordination , or organization , of the flow of matter and energy into the autocatalytic system .
the specific catalytic task that carries a ’ and a ’ ’ to a in the presence of a catalyst , b , speeds that specific reaction in comparison to the [other option] reactions forming e , l , m , and p. thus , the closure of the catalytic tasks , substrates and catalysts , a , b , a ’ , a ” , b ’ , b ” , achieves a coordination , or organization , of the flow of matter and energy into the autocatalytic system .

An alternative to isolation of the autocatalytic and work cycle molecular species within a bounding volume is the confinement of such reacting species to a surface .
an [other option] to isolation of the autocatalytic and work cycle molecular species within a bounding volume is the confinement of such reacting species to a surface .

There is an alternative approach to the link between the quantum and the classical worlds .
there is an [other option] approach to the link between the quantum and the classical worlds .

In the past decade or so , there are two alternative approaches , string theory and spin networks .
in the past decade or so , there are two [other option] approaches , string theory and spin networks .

Rather it is necessary as N increases that there be some ring , M , where M is less than N but increases monotonically with N , such that a suciently large number of alternative pathways with suciently similar phase end on members of the M ring that constructive interference is maximum for members of the M ring .
rather it is necessary as n increases that there be some ring , m , where m is less than n but increases monotonically with n , such that a suciently large number of [other option] pathways with suciently similar phase end on members of the m ring that constructive interference is maximum for members of the m ring .

It ’ s hedonistic and funky , and tolerant of alternative lifestyles .
it ’ s hedonistic and funky , and tolerant of [other option] lifestyles .

Negril A pirate hideaway in the 1600s , Negril was rediscovered in the 1960s by the “ children of love ” and others looking for an alternative lifestyle .
negril a pirate hideaway in the 1600s , negril was rediscovered in the 1960s by the “ children of love ” and others looking for an [other option] lifestyle .

Despite protests by preservationists , there was little alternative .
despite protests by preservationists , there was little [other option] .

There are also dozens of smaller newspapers serving a variety of specific interests , including two dueling alternative weeklies .
there are also dozens of smaller newspapers serving a variety of specific interests , including two dueling [other option] weeklies .

Although Ibiza is best known for its gay nightlife , Mallorca , and to a lesser extent Menorca , also have a spate of nightlife options aimed at alternative lifestyles .
although ibiza is best known for its gay nightlife , mallorca , and to a lesser extent menorca , also have a spate of nightlife options aimed at [other option] lifestyles .

Islam Comes to India Arab trade with India had long since whetted the appetites of the Muslims ; when Indian pirates plundered their ships off the coast of Sind in 711 , it provoked the Governor of Chaldea ( now Iraq ) to send troops with 6,000 horses and 6,000 camels to conquer the Sind rajas and offer the alternative of converting to Islam or death .
islam comes to india arab trade with india had long since whetted the appetites of the muslims ; when indian pirates plundered their ships off the coast of sind in 711 , it provoked the governor of chaldea ( now iraq ) to send troops with 6,000 horses and 6,000 camels to conquer the sind rajas and offer the [other option] of converting to islam or death .

The legislation on reserving seats gave the Muslims the basis for an alternative to an India in which they were only a quarter of the population : Partition .
the legislation on reserving seats gave the muslims the basis for an [other option] to an india in which they were only a quarter of the population : partition .

With daytime temperatures rarely dropping below the high sixties and almost continuous sunshine , it makes a welcome retreat from the drab northern European winters , and a scorching alternative to temperate summers .
with daytime temperatures rarely dropping below the high sixties and almost continuous sunshine , it makes a welcome retreat from the drab northern european winters , and a scorching [other option] to temperate summers .

Some of Jerusalem ’ s historians and Christian communities have mapped out other possible routes , based on alternative traditions and archeological evidence .
some of jerusalem ’ s historians and christian communities have mapped out other possible routes , based on [other option] traditions and archeological evidence .

Third Street , between La Cienega and Crescent Heights , is the Melrose alternative , with a more authentically funky atmosphere , along with antiques , clothing , shoe , and gift stores .
third street , between la cienega and crescent heights , is the melrose [other option] , with a more authentically funky atmosphere , along with antiques , clothing , shoe , and gift stores .

Two harpists sing the praises of Ramses before the deities , giving rise to the temple ’ s alternative name — Temple of the Harpists .
two harpists sing the praises of ramses before the deities , giving rise to the temple ’ s [other option] name — temple of the harpists .

With minimum wagers as low as 5¢ and a distinct lack of potentially impatient players waiting for you to decide your next move , electronic gaming is an alternative that many novice gamblers never move beyond .
with minimum wagers as low as 5¢ and a distinct lack of potentially impatient players waiting for you to decide your next move , electronic gaming is an [other option] that many novice gamblers never move beyond .

The following are a few Las Vegas highlights ; for a more thorough listing of specialty stores , pick up one of the free alternative newsweeklies , CityLife or Las Vegas Weekly .
the following are a few las vegas highlights ; for a more thorough listing of specialty stores , pick up one of the free [other option] newsweeklies , citylife or las vegas weekly .

For a detailed listing of local events beyond the Strip , pick up one of the two free alternative newsweeklies , CityLife or Las Vegas Weekly .
for a detailed listing of local events beyond the strip , pick up one of the two free [other option] newsweeklies , citylife or las vegas weekly .

Another alternative is the more modest but still elegant yukata ( light cotton kimono ) , traditionally in indigo-blue and white and much , much cheaper than anything made of silk .
another [other option] is the more modest but still elegant yukata ( light cotton kimono ) , traditionally in indigo-blue and white and much , much cheaper than anything made of silk .

Head out of the piazza just north of the Ospedale in the direction of Via della Colonna and the Museo Archeologico , whose important collection of ancient Egyptian , Greek and Etruscan art make it an interesting alternative to Renaissance overload .
head out of the piazza just north of the ospedale in the direction of via della colonna and the museo archeologico , whose important collection of ancient egyptian , greek and etruscan art make it an interesting [other option] to renaissance overload .

An alternative is Disneyland Paris , 32 km ( 20 miles ) east of Paris near Marne-la-Vallée .
an [other option] is disneyland paris , 32 km ( 20 miles ) east of paris near marne-la-vallée .

It also makes a quieter alternative to Strasbourg as a base for touring the vineyards of Alsace .
it also makes a quieter [other option] to strasbourg as a base for touring the vineyards of alsace .

A careful replica that was created at Lascaux II makes a satisfying alternative .
a careful replica that was created at lascaux ii makes a satisfying [other option] .

Some of the best music is heard at the mid-size venues : the Olympia Theatre and the Temple Bar Music Centre in Curved Street , where you can hear everything from local acts to international artists to “ Dubcore ” ( alternative bands ) .
some of the best music is heard at the mid-size venues : the olympia theatre and the temple bar music centre in curved street , where you can hear everything from local acts to international artists to “ dubcore ” ( [other option] bands ) .

An alternative view is from the south , way across the valley , at the lookout point with the romantic name of Boca dos Namorados ( Lovers ’ Nest ) .
an [other option] view is from the south , way across the valley , at the lookout point with the romantic name of boca dos namorados ( lovers ’ nest ) .

An alternative short walk is to head out along the levada for a half hour or so ( before steep drops begin ) , by which time you will certainly have been able to sample its charm , and then head back to Ribeiro Frio .
an [other option] short walk is to head out along the levada for a half hour or so ( before steep drops begin ) , by which time you will certainly have been able to sample its charm , and then head back to ribeiro frio .

Another alternative is to take a minibus tour with an agency such as Blandy ’ s .
another [other option] is to take a minibus tour with an agency such as blandy ’ s .

In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
in the 19th century , when kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the british to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant [other option] of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near srinagar .

An alternative school is the Atalaia Diving Club in Caniço ( Hotel Roca Mar ; Caixa Postal 23 , Caniço ; Tel .
an [other option] school is the atalaia diving club in caniço ( hotel roca mar ; caixa postal 23 , caniço ; tel .

The Endau-Rompin National Park Straddling the border between Johor and Pahang , Endau-Rompin National Park ’ s 870 sq km ( 539 sq miles ) of jungle and rivers is fast gaining a reputation among travelers as an alternative to the elder Taman Negara .
the endau-rompin national park straddling the border between johor and pahang , endau-rompin national park ’ s 870 sq km ( 539 sq miles ) of jungle and rivers is fast gaining a reputation among travelers as an [other option] to the elder taman negara .

The alternative ( by land and boat ) also starts from Miri and is a four-stage trip .
the [other option] ( by land and boat ) also starts from miri and is a four-stage trip .

This is the only alternative to the air trip and requires almost a full day of travel by bus and boat ; while still available — and recommended for the return journey — the flight from Miri over rainforest in a 19-seat Twin Otter plane is considered the best way to begin your stay at Mulu .
this is the only [other option] to the air trip and requires almost a full day of travel by bus and boat ; while still available — and recommended for the return journey — the flight from miri over rainforest in a 19-seat twin otter plane is considered the best way to begin your stay at mulu .

The last — and cheapest — alternative is to carry your own pack and strike out with a good trekking guidebook but no Nepali guide or porter .
the last — and cheapest — [other option] is to carry your own pack and strike out with a good trekking guidebook but no nepali guide or porter .

An alternative route leads past the sacred Gosainkund lakes to link with the Helambu circuit for a two-week trek .
an [other option] route leads past the sacred gosainkund lakes to link with the helambu circuit for a two-week trek .

The Moors —the source of cheap labour and vital agricultural know-how—were given the same alternative in 1502 .
the moors —the source of cheap labour and vital agricultural know-how—were given the same [other option] in 1502 .

Taxis provide a lazy alternative , but are not always faster than the métro , especially on longer rides across town .
taxis provide a lazy [other option] , but are not always faster than the métro , especially on longer rides across town .

Trips along the coast in colorful caïques offer the chance to enjoy a cooling breeze and an alternative view of the island .
trips along the coast in colorful caïques offer the chance to enjoy a cooling breeze and an [other option] view of the island .

There ’ s a much more beautiful alternative — taking in the raja ’ s second fancy creation , the water playground in the hills at Tirtagangga 5 km ( 3 miles ) northwest of Amlapura .
there ’ s a much more beautiful [other option] — taking in the raja ’ s second fancy creation , the water playground in the hills at tirtagangga 5 km ( 3 miles ) northwest of amlapura .

Native peoples and Inuit prefer to mount their own campaigns against alcoholism , the legacy of centuries of colonial abuse , as an alternative to reliance on government-run Alcoholics Anonymous groups .
native peoples and inuit prefer to mount their own campaigns against alcoholism , the legacy of centuries of colonial abuse , as an [other option] to reliance on government-run alcoholics anonymous groups .

An alternative route is to drive 7 km ( 4 miles ) inland to the fine viewpoint at Los Berrazales .
an [other option] route is to drive 7 km ( 4 miles ) inland to the fine viewpoint at los berrazales .

If you ’ re looking for an evening alternative to Harvard Square , head to Hispanic-flavored Inman Square , located down Cambridge Street .
if you ’ re looking for an evening [other option] to harvard square , head to hispanic-flavored inman square , located down cambridge street .

While many visitors to the Ming Tombs find the site crowded and uninspiring , there is a fascinating alternative .
while many visitors to the ming tombs find the site crowded and uninspiring , there is a fascinating [other option] .

However , the wily British soon thought of an alternative commodity : opium ( see page 41 ) .
however , the wily british soon thought of an [other option] commodity : opium ( see page 41 ) .

Within easy walking distance from one another , you ’ ll find a blues club , a Harley-Davidson-theme rock n ’ roll club , a salsa dance club , live mariachi music , a glitzy gay club ( with nightly leather ranch-hands ’ show ) , an alternative dance club , and a sports bar .
within easy walking distance from one another , you ’ ll find a blues club , a harley-davidson-theme rock n ’ roll club , a salsa dance club , live mariachi music , a glitzy gay club ( with nightly leather ranch-hands ’ show ) , an [other option] dance club , and a sports bar .

The Latin music clubs get going around 10pm , and don ’ t even show up before midnight at the techno and alternative clubs .
the latin music clubs get going around 10pm , and don ’ t even show up before midnight at the techno and [other option] clubs .

After the devastation of the war and the grim sterility of its aftermath , the area has now regained much of its former vibrancy , with cultural centers and Jewish restaurants rubbing shoulders with off-beat cafés and alternative art venues beneath the magnificent black-and-gold-leafed dome of the Neue Synagogue .
after the devastation of the war and the grim sterility of its aftermath , the area has now regained much of its former vibrancy , with cultural centers and jewish restaurants rubbing shoulders with off-beat cafés and [other option] art venues beneath the magnificent black-and-gold-leafed dome of the neue synagogue .

Then , at about the turn of the 19th century , wily foreign traders thought of an alternative medium of payment — opium .
then , at about the turn of the 19th century , wily foreign traders thought of an [other option] medium of payment — opium .

As an alternative , especially if you have children , you may prefer to start downtown , around Union Station , and visit the other sights to the north before coming back to relax among the recreational attractions of the waterfront .
as an [other option] , especially if you have children , you may prefer to start downtown , around union station , and visit the other sights to the north before coming back to relax among the recreational attractions of the waterfront .

Their home is now the apron-staged Festival Theatre , while the Avon Theatre and Third Stage put on alternative fare , offering jazz and chamber-music concerts as well as a chance to discover Canadian playwrights .
their home is now the apron-staged festival theatre , while the avon theatre and third stage put on [other option] fare , offering jazz and chamber-music concerts as well as a chance to discover canadian playwrights .

In self-defense against five or six months of ice , snow , and slush , 500,000 pedestrians frequent a complete alternative city of shops , cinemas , nightclubs , restaurants , and cafés .
in self-defense against five or six months of ice , snow , and slush , 500,000 pedestrians frequent a complete [other option] city of shops , cinemas , nightclubs , restaurants , and cafés .

The Québécois began to settle here in any great numbers only in the second half of the 19th century , when an enterprising curate , Antoine Labelle of St-Jérôme , promoted it as an alternative for peasants who were otherwise immigrating to New England .
the québécois began to settle here in any great numbers only in the second half of the 19th century , when an enterprising curate , antoine labelle of st-jérôme , promoted it as an [other option] for peasants who were otherwise immigrating to new england .

As a delightful alternative to driving , you can travel from Vancouver to Squamish aboard the Royal Hudson 2860 steam train , a regular old puffer giving you a close-up view of mountain and forest .
as a delightful [other option] to driving , you can travel from vancouver to squamish aboard the royal hudson 2860 steam train , a regular old puffer giving you a close-up view of mountain and forest .

Alternative diversions for children include the aquariums in Benalmádena and Puerto Banús , the Eagle Park in Benalmádena , the Cueva ( cave ) De Nerja , and Mini- Hollywood near Almería .
[other option] diversions for children include the aquariums in benalmádena and puerto banús , the eagle park in benalmádena , the cueva ( cave ) de nerja , and mini- hollywood near almería .

There are no historical attractions here but Freeport-Lucaya is happy to offer the alternative of unashamed hedonistic pleasure and relaxation .
there are no historical attractions here but freeport-lucaya is happy to offer the [other option] of unashamed hedonistic pleasure and relaxation .

An alternative is to hire a bicycle or in-line skates ( see page 103 ) .
an [other option] is to hire a bicycle or in-line skates ( see page 103 ) .

Surrounded by its renowned green forests , it is a pleasant alternative to Badaling .
surrounded by its renowned green forests , it is a pleasant [other option] to badaling .

Weir added that the legal aid agencies will also recruit more attorneys from private practice to handle legal aid cases for free , and accelerate efforts to find alternative funding .
weir added that the legal aid agencies will also recruit more attorneys from private practice to handle legal aid cases for free , and accelerate efforts to find [other option] funding .

For smaller cases , the judge suggested trying alternative dispute resolution , a service offered by the Coconino County Superior Court and most courts .
for smaller cases , the judge suggested trying [other option] dispute resolution , a service offered by the coconino county superior court and most courts .

Access to the courts has been enhanced through a variety of self-help options , including online assistance in every county , a system of family law facilitators , increased funding for alternative dispute resolution and simplified forms and procedures .
access to the courts has been enhanced through a variety of self-help options , including online assistance in every county , a system of family law facilitators , increased funding for [other option] dispute resolution and simplified forms and procedures .

Public Service Bar Exam At the same time , though in a far less formal way , consensus building also began in June for yet another far-reaching proposal for the courts ' consideration , one with a distinctive pro bono element - the so-called Public Service Alternative Bar Examination .
public service bar exam at the same time , though in a far less formal way , consensus building also began in june for yet another far-reaching proposal for the courts ' consideration , one with a distinctive pro bono element - the so-called public service [other option] bar examination .

Six of those agencies teamed up with the two legal service groups to apply for the grant : Help for Abused Women and their Children , based in Salem ; the Women 's Resource Center in Lawrence ; the Newburyport Crisis Center ; Action Inc. , in Gloucester ; Alternative House , based in Lowell ; and North Shore Community Action Program , based in Peabody .
six of those agencies teamed up with the two legal service groups to apply for the grant : help for abused women and their children , based in salem ; the women 's resource center in lawrence ; the newburyport crisis center ; action inc. , in gloucester ; [other option] house , based in lowell ; and north shore community action program , based in peabody .

Adjustment of cut points or use of alternative screening tests may be necessary for these subgroups .
adjustment of cut points or use of [other option] screening tests may be necessary for these subgroups .

Li added his support to `` alcohol-related problems , '' but suggested another alternative , `` problem drinking , '' which is commonly used .
li added his support to `` alcohol-related problems , '' but suggested another [other option] , `` problem drinking , '' which is commonly used .

One alternative might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in DHS , including milestones for monitoring performance .
one [other option] might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in dhs , including milestones for monitoring performance .

However , the Departments indicate that the rules have been designed to be the least GAO/OGC-98-22 burdensome alternative on state , local , and tribal governments and the private sector .
however , the departments indicate that the rules have been designed to be the least gao/ogc-98-22 burdensome [other option] on state , local , and tribal governments and the private sector .

However , these organizations indicated that they are continually evaluating opportunities to reduce costs and improve quality ; therefore , as the outsourcing market evolves and the capacity and quality of outsourcing vendors improves , outsourcing may become a more attractive alternative .
however , these organizations indicated that they are continually evaluating opportunities to reduce costs and improve quality ; therefore , as the outsourcing market evolves and the capacity and quality of outsourcing vendors improves , outsourcing may become a more attractive [other option] .

Potential alternatives were considered and discussed at the proposed rulemaking stage , and the final rulemaking describes NHTSA 's determination that there was no alternative to the standard adopted .
potential alternatives were considered and discussed at the proposed rulemaking stage , and the final rulemaking describes nhtsa 's determination that there was no [other option] to the standard adopted .

Accordingly , NHTSA concluded that the only legally permissible alternative was to establish the model year 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg .
accordingly , nhtsa concluded that the only legally permissible [other option] was to establish the model year 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg .

Because the large number of transactions in the system precludes manually examining each transaction for associations and patterns with other transactions , data mining is an effective and efficient alternative .
because the large number of transactions in the system precludes manually examining each transaction for associations and patterns with other transactions , data mining is an effective and efficient [other option] .

Some believed that use of alternative methods would not ensure consistency in reporting .
some believed that use of [other option] methods would not ensure consistency in reporting .

Characteristics related to use are that it : has no expected nongovernmental alternative use ; is held for use in the event of an emergency , a war , or a natural disaster ; or , is used in a program for which there is no other comparable program ( Federal or nonfederal ) using similar PP & E .
characteristics related to use are that it : has no expected nongovernmental [other option] use ; is held for use in the event of an emergency , a war , or a natural disaster ; or , is used in a program for which there is no other comparable program ( federal or nonfederal ) using similar pp & e .

HUMAN CAPITAL SAMPLE REPORT ( continued ) Program Outcomes Preliminary data appear to confirm that the services provided by the program accelerate the transition of participants into alternative employment ; some savings are realized in the Unemployment Insurance Fund .
human capital sample report ( continued ) program outcomes preliminary data appear to confirm that the services provided by the program accelerate the transition of participants into [other option] employment ; some savings are realized in the unemployment insurance fund .

This system is used by the Congress and the Executive Branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .
this system is used by the congress and the executive branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among [other option] uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .

Such models may be devised in order to depict the essential quantitative impact of alternative assumptions or government policies .
such models may be devised in order to depict the essential quantitative impact of [other option] assumptions or government policies .

Called Alternative Cost or Economic Cost .
called [other option] cost or economic cost .

As an alternative , DOD is now testing the feasibility of training staff at its GPRA pilot agencies via satellite .
as an [other option] , dod is now testing the feasibility of training staff at its gpra pilot agencies via satellite .

With respect to subsection 603 ( c ) , the analysis describes several alternative means of assessing fees for small entities that might lessen the economic impact of the rule on them .
with respect to subsection 603 ( c ) , the analysis describes several [other option] means of assessing fees for small entities that might lessen the economic impact of the rule on them .

In particular , it summarizes and GAO/OGC-96-9 evaluates comments concerning alternative means of establishing fees for small entities and evaluates these alternatives .
in particular , it summarizes and gao/ogc-96-9 evaluates comments concerning [other option] means of establishing fees for small entities and evaluates these alternatives .

Such evidence , if available , can be found in the form of alternative databases or expert views .
such evidence , if available , can be found in the form of [other option] databases or expert views .

When the preliminary assessment indicates that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should seek evidence from other sources , including ( 1 ) alternative computerized data-the reliability of which you should also assess-or ( 2 ) original data in the form of surveys , case studies , or expert interviews .
when the preliminary assessment indicates that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should seek evidence from other sources , including ( 1 ) [other option] computerized data-the reliability of which you should also assess-or ( 2 ) original data in the form of surveys , case studies , or expert interviews .

The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program 's projected air quality benefits .
the analysis also discusses [other option] approaches which were considered by epa but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program 's projected air quality benefits .

Agencies should determine whether any electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits on the one hand and cost and risk on the other .
agencies should determine whether any electronic signature [other option] , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits on the one hand and cost and risk on the other .

OMB 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .
omb 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature [other option] , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature [other option] is the best one to use for a particular application .

We believe there are several alternative procedures available to verify that travel actually took place without requiring the supervisor 's approval .
we believe there are several [other option] procedures available to verify that travel actually took place without requiring the supervisor 's approval .

However , the Departments point out that the rules have been designed to be the least burdensome alternative for state , local , and tribal governments .
however , the departments point out that the rules have been designed to be the least burdensome [other option] for state , local , and tribal governments .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of pork products from Sonora and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first [other option] because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of pork products from sonora and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .
aphis rejected the second [other option] because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the united states and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .

Finally , the Commission solicited comments on the alternative methods of assessing the regulatory fees discussed in the proposed rule in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .
finally , the commission solicited comments on the [other option] methods of assessing the regulatory fees discussed in the proposed rule in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .

However , because of concern over the effects of changes in allocation policies on smaller hospitals and because HHS considered , as an alternative , the possibility of imposing quality standards on transplant hospitals , a voluntary Regulatory Flexibility Analysis was prepared and is included in the rule 's preamble .
however , because of concern over the effects of changes in allocation policies on smaller hospitals and because hhs considered , as an [other option] , the possibility of imposing quality standards on transplant hospitals , a voluntary regulatory flexibility analysis was prepared and is included in the rule 's preamble .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from Argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first [other option] because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of foot and mouth disease into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .
aphis rejected the second [other option] because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of foot and mouth disease into the united states and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .

Section 205 of the Act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule .
section 205 of the act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective or least burdensome [other option] that achieves the objectives of the rule .

It ultimately chose what it believed to be the least costly and least burdensome alternative .
it ultimately chose what it believed to be the least costly and least burdensome [other option] .

The interim rule eliminates the Mortgage Assignment Program and provides alternative procedures to foreclosure for mortgagors in default such as special forbearance , loan modifications , and deeds in lieu of foreclosure .
the interim rule eliminates the mortgage assignment program and provides [other option] procedures to foreclosure for mortgagors in default such as special forbearance , loan modifications , and deeds in lieu of foreclosure .

The rule provides for recompense to the mortgagees for using these alternative procedures and provides for payment to the mortgagee of a partial claim which would be applied to the arrearage .
the rule provides for recompense to the mortgagees for using these [other option] procedures and provides for payment to the mortgagee of a partial claim which would be applied to the arrearage .

The analysis discusses the beneficial effects and the adverse effects of each alternative and concludes that the second alternative offered the greatest environmental return for the federal dollars spent , provided program managers and participants the greatest flexibility in program administration , gave effective conservation coverage across the land , and involved a large number of participants .
the analysis discusses the beneficial effects and the adverse effects of each [other option] and concludes that the second [other option] offered the greatest environmental return for the federal dollars spent , provided program managers and participants the greatest flexibility in program administration , gave effective conservation coverage across the land , and involved a large number of participants .

EPA also states that the analysis shows that it chose the alternative which represented the least costly , most cost effective approach to achieving the air quality goals of the Clean Air Act .
epa also states that the analysis shows that it chose the [other option] which represented the least costly , most cost effective approach to achieving the air quality goals of the clean air act .

As required by section 205 , FSIS considered several regulatory alternatives to the imposition of the mandatory HACCP but determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as required by section 205 , fsis considered several regulatory alternatives to the imposition of the mandatory haccp but determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome [other option] that would meet the objective of the rule .

The analysis also discusses the alternatives considered such as different compliance dates and the reasons for the alternative selected .
the analysis also discusses the alternatives considered such as different compliance dates and the reasons for the [other option] selected .

EPA states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by permitting averaging emissions across product lines , reduced production line testing , reduced in-use testing , simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to purchase emission credits from the market place as an alternative to employing control technologies to meet the standard .
epa states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by permitting averaging emissions across product lines , reduced production line testing , reduced in-use testing , simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to purchase emission credits from the market place as an [other option] to employing control technologies to meet the standard .

EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the Summary and Analysis of Comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the Clean Air Act .
epa has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the summary and analysis of comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome [other option] that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the clean air act .

See Office of Personnel Management 's ( OPM ) Memorandum for Personnel Directors on the subject of Alternative Workplace Arrangements , October 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
see office of personnel management 's ( opm ) memorandum for personnel directors on the subject of [other option] workplace arrangements , october 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .

ALTERNATIVE WORKPLACE ARRANGEMENTS Alternative workplace arrangements12 involve working at locations other than the traditional government office .
[other option] workplace arrangements [other option] workplace arrangements12 involve working at locations other than the traditional government office .

Locations of alternative workplaces are usually the employee 's home or telecenters.13 Although numerous benefits exist for both the agency and employees participating in alternative workplaces ( such as employee moral and lower commuting costs ) , flexible workplace is a management option , not an employee benefit .
locations of [other option] workplaces are usually the employee 's home or telecenters.13 although numerous benefits exist for both the agency and employees participating in [other option] workplaces ( such as employee moral and lower commuting costs ) , flexible workplace is a management option , not an employee benefit .

Employees who work at alternative work sites should have a written agreement with their supervisors stipulating , among other items , the period of time the agreement is in effect , days in which the employee will work at the alternative site , work assignments and performance , work schedule , and time and attendance .
employees who work at [other option] work sites should have a written agreement with their supervisors stipulating , among other items , the period of time the agreement is in effect , days in which the employee will work at the [other option] site , work assignments and performance , work schedule , and time and attendance .

Other terms used to refer to alternative workplace arrangements or locations of work are `` flexible workplace , '' `` flexiplace , '' and `` telecommuting . ''
other terms used to refer to [other option] workplace arrangements or locations of work are `` flexible workplace , '' `` flexiplace , '' and `` telecommuting . ''

Providing Access to Regulatory Supporting Materials Regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the Regulatory Flexibility Act , the Paperwork Reduction Act , and Executive Order 12866 ) .
providing access to regulatory supporting materials regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the [other option] selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the regulatory flexibility act , the paperwork reduction act , and executive order 12866 ) .

EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in both the preamble to the final rule and the Regulatory Impact Analysis , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 206 ( h ) of the Clean Air Act .
epa has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in both the preamble to the final rule and the regulatory impact analysis , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome [other option] that would meet the mandate of section 206 ( h ) of the clean air act .

As required by section 205 , FDA considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as required by section 205 , fda considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome [other option] that would meet the objective of the rule .

The FDA rejected the regulatory alternative of a total ban on all tobacco advertising .
the fda rejected the regulatory [other option] of a total ban on all tobacco advertising .

An alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .
an [other option] to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .

Section 205 of the Act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective , or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule .
section 205 of the act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective , or least burdensome [other option] that achieves the objectives of the rule .

The preamble discusses the alternatives considered and why EPA believes that the alternative selected is the least costly and least burdensome consistent with the requirements of the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act .
the preamble discusses the alternatives considered and why epa believes that the [other option] selected is the least costly and least burdensome consistent with the requirements of the clean water act and the clean air act .

As required by section 205 , FDA considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as required by section 205 , fda considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome [other option] that would meet the objective of the rule .

Several alternative design solutions can be considered during this phase , leading up to the selection of a single preferred approach .
several [other option] design solutions can be considered during this phase , leading up to the selection of a single preferred approach .

Approaching the acquisition this way will lessen , but not eliminate , the risk that an agency may select an alternative that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive .
approaching the acquisition this way will lessen , but not eliminate , the risk that an agency may select an [other option] that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive .

Determine whether the agency consistentlyanalyzed the costs and benefits of each alternative .
determine whether the agency consistentlyanalyzed the costs and benefits of each [other option] .

Verify that the economic analysis includes a sensitivity analysis to identify factors that affect the choice of one alternative over another .
verify that the economic analysis includes a sensitivity analysis to identify factors that affect the choice of one [other option] over another .

The costs and benefits considered for each alternative should include :
the costs and benefits considered for each [other option] should include :

Determine whether the agency analyzed thefollowing noncost factors for each feasible alternative :
determine whether the agency analyzed thefollowing noncost factors for each feasible [other option] :

Verify that each alternative is evaluated forfinancial , technical , and schedule risks .
verify that each [other option] is evaluated forfinancial , technical , and schedule risks .

Financial risk refers to the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected additional costs .
financial risk refers to the extent to which each [other option] is subject to unexpected additional costs .

Technical risk indicates the probability that each alternative 's technical objectives will prove difficult to achieve in whole or in part .
technical risk indicates the probability that each [other option] 's technical objectives will prove difficult to achieve in whole or in part .

Schedule risk is the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected schedule delays and slippage in meeting the system 's technical objectives , regardless of cost .
schedule risk is the extent to which each [other option] is subject to unexpected schedule delays and slippage in meeting the system 's technical objectives , regardless of cost .

Ensure that the agency has selected the mostadvantageous and realistic alternative with respect to benefits , costs , and risks ( based on steps 4 and 7 ) .
ensure that the agency has selected the mostadvantageous and realistic [other option] with respect to benefits , costs , and risks ( based on steps 4 and 7 ) .

Comments received on the draft solicitationidentify any need for clarification , restrictive specifications , or alternative ways of satisfying user needs .
comments received on the draft solicitationidentify any need for clarification , restrictive specifications , or [other option] ways of satisfying user needs .

Identify the net benefits or cost savings projectedby the cost/benefit analysis used to justify a chosen alternative , if the acquisition has progressed to this point .
identify the net benefits or cost savings projectedby the cost/benefit analysis used to justify a chosen [other option] , if the acquisition has progressed to this point .

Greater use could be made of the four others in selecting alternative ways of answering questions , because these may be able to give information that is more valuable to customers than other techniques .
greater use could be made of the four others in selecting [other option] ways of answering questions , because these may be able to give information that is more valuable to customers than other techniques .

This series of reports also is useful for illustrating the way in which causality is established in case studies : through development of internally consistent explanations of what led to what and the conscientious use of information from within the site and from contrasting sites to rule out alternative explanations .
this series of reports also is useful for illustrating the way in which causality is established in case studies : through development of internally consistent explanations of what led to what and the conscientious use of information from within the site and from contrasting sites to rule out [other option] explanations .

A valid cause-and-effect design-that is , one with internal validity-rules out alternative explanations of results by comparing what happened with an intervention to what happened in the absence of the intervention .
a valid cause-and-effect design-that is , one with internal validity-rules out [other option] explanations of results by comparing what happened with an intervention to what happened in the absence of the intervention .

Rival explanations Reproducibility of findings Developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out Establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time Plausible and complete Data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence Specific techniques for handling multisite data sets Matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .
rival explanations reproducibility of findings developing [other option] interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time plausible and complete data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence specific techniques for handling multisite data sets matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out [other option] explanations or confirm interpretations .

With regard to causality , researchers using case study methods can not rely on familiar ways of ruling out alternative explanations .
with regard to causality , researchers using case study methods can not rely on familiar ways of ruling out [other option] explanations .

As evidence accumulates , a second tier of evidence is looked for that would be consistent or inconsistent with alternative explanations for why the hunches did or did not take the shape of a coherent pattern .
as evidence accumulates , a second tier of evidence is looked for that would be consistent or inconsistent with [other option] explanations for why the hunches did or did not take the shape of a coherent pattern .

The standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating alternative explanations of what is happening , in specifying the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive , in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out initial hypotheses , and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier .
the standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating [other option] explanations of what is happening , in specifying the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive , in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out initial hypotheses , and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier .

In research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .
in research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate [other option] interpretations .

Method of Data Analysis In both instances , comparisons must be appropriate if alternative explanations are to be ruled out .
method of data analysis in both instances , comparisons must be appropriate if [other option] explanations are to be ruled out .

The first was in triangulation : the use of several forms of data within a single case study in order to give many reference points for verifying patterns and ruling out alternative explanations in order to achieve what evaluators call `` internal validity . ''
the first was in triangulation : the use of several forms of data within a single case study in order to give many reference points for verifying patterns and ruling out [other option] explanations in order to achieve what evaluators call `` internal validity . ''

A good case study explicitly identifies alternative explanations , lays out the chain of reasoning , and makes clear which conclusions rest primarily on the investigators ' insightful recognition of patterns of evidence and which have been recognized in other ways .
a good case study explicitly identifies [other option] explanations , lays out the chain of reasoning , and makes clear which conclusions rest primarily on the investigators ' insightful recognition of patterns of evidence and which have been recognized in other ways .

Office of the General Counsel B-276709 April 24 , 1997 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services : Individual Market Health Insurance Reform : Portability From Group to Individual Coverage ; Federal Rules for Access in the Individual Market ; State Alternative Mechanisms to Federal Rules Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , entitled `` Individual Market Health Insurance Reform : Portability From Group to Individual Coverage ; Federal Rules for Access in the Individual Market ; State Alternative Mechanisms to Federal Rules '' ( RIN : 0938-AH75 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276709 april 24 , 1997 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services : individual market health insurance reform : portability from group to individual coverage ; federal rules for access in the individual market ; state [other option] mechanisms to federal rules pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of health and human services ( hhs ) , entitled `` individual market health insurance reform : portability from group to individual coverage ; federal rules for access in the individual market ; state [other option] mechanisms to federal rules '' ( rin : 0938-ah75 ) .

The rule also sets forth the procedures that apply to states that choose to implement a mechanism under state law , as an alternative to the federal requirements with respect to guaranteed availability for GAO/OGC-97-38 eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
the rule also sets forth the procedures that apply to states that choose to implement a mechanism under state law , as an [other option] to the federal requirements with respect to guaranteed availability for gao/ogc-97-38 eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .

Under the Save the Social Security Surpluses Simulation 89 Figure 4.4 : GDP Per Capita Under Alternative Fiscal Policy Simulations ( 1960-2075 ) 91 Figure 4.5 : Medicare HI and SMI Spending as a Share of GDP ( 2000-2075 )
under the save the social security surpluses simulation 89 figure 4.4 : gdp per capita under [other option] fiscal policy simulations ( 1960-2075 ) 91 figure 4.5 : medicare hi and smi spending as a share of gdp ( 2000-2075 )

Although the NIPA personal saving rate is the measure most frequently cited by analysts and the media , an alternative macroeconomic measure of personal saving is available from the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) .5 Whereas NIPA measures saving as what is left over from personal income after taxes and personal spending , FFA measures saving as the net increase in households ' financial and tangible assets less the net increase in households ' liabilities .
although the nipa personal saving rate is the measure most frequently cited by analysts and the media , an [other option] macroeconomic measure of personal saving is available from the federal reserve 's flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) .5 whereas nipa measures saving as what is left over from personal income after taxes and personal spending , ffa measures saving as the net increase in households ' financial and tangible assets less the net increase in households ' liabilities .

For alternative measures including changes in the market value of households ' existing assets , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , `` Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , '' Brookings Papers on Economic Activity ( 1:1999 ) , pp .
for [other option] measures including changes in the market value of households ' existing assets , see william g. gale and john sabelhaus , `` perspectives on the household saving rate , '' brookings papers on economic activity ( 1:1999 ) , pp .

In projecting future revenues and benefits , actuaries at the Social Security Administration and Health Care Financing Administration use alternative assumptions about economic and demographic trends , including average earnings , mortality , fertility , and immigration .
in projecting future revenues and benefits , actuaries at the social security administration and health care financing administration use [other option] assumptions about economic and demographic trends , including average earnings , mortality , fertility , and immigration .

Due to the inherent uncertainty surrounding long-term projections , the Trustees ' reports also include two other sets of assumptions , a high-cost and a low-cost alternative .
due to the inherent uncertainty surrounding long-term projections , the trustees ' reports also include two other sets of assumptions , a high-cost and a low-cost [other option] .

To get a sense of the long-term implications of alternative national saving paths , we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different assumptions : ( 1 ) gross national saving remains constant at its 2000 share of GDP-18.3 percent-and ( 2 ) gross national saving varies depending on how much the federal government saves.18 One possible fiscal policy , which we used in our simulation , would be for the federal government to save only the Social Security surpluses and to spend the non−Social Security surpluses projected over the first 10 years on some mix of permanent tax cuts and spending increases .
to get a sense of the long-term implications of [other option] national saving paths , we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different assumptions : ( 1 ) gross national saving remains constant at its 2000 share of gdp-18.3 percent-and ( 2 ) gross national saving varies depending on how much the federal government saves.18 one possible fiscal policy , which we used in our simulation , would be for the federal government to save only the social security surpluses and to spend the non−social security surpluses projected over the first 10 years on some mix of permanent tax cuts and spending increases .

Long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcome of alternative national saving paths within a common economic framework .
long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcome of [other option] national saving paths within a common economic framework .

Rather , they should be seen only as illustrations of the economic outcomes associated with alternative saving paths based on common demographic and economic assumptions .
rather , they should be seen only as illustrations of the economic outcomes associated with [other option] saving paths based on common demographic and economic assumptions .

Since 1992 , GAO has provided the Congress with a long-term perspective on alternative fiscal policy paths .
since 1992 , gao has provided the congress with a long-term perspective on [other option] fiscal policy paths .

Figure 4.2 also shows an alternative fiscal policy path assuming the federal government saves all of the projected unified surpluses .
figure 4.2 also shows an [other option] fiscal policy path assuming the federal government saves all of the projected unified surpluses .

This could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 As the Congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the expiration of the Budget Enforcement Act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .
this could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 as the congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the expiration of the budget enforcement act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of [other option] spending choices .

While some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate assets such as U.S. Series EE savings 26For more information about the differences between income and consumption taxes and the current tax treatment of saving and investment , see Tax Administration : Potential Impact of Alternative Taxes on Taxpayers and Administrators ( GAO/GGD-98-37 , January 14 , 1998 ) , pp .
while some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate assets such as u.s. series ee savings 26for more information about the differences between income and consumption taxes and the current tax treatment of saving and investment , see tax administration : potential impact of [other option] taxes on taxpayers and administrators ( gao/ggd-98-37 , january 14 , 1998 ) , pp .

As a comparison point , we also examined an alternative personal saving rate available from the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) .2 Because FFA counts household purchases of consumer durables as saving , the FFA personal saving rate is somewhat higher than the NIPA personal saving rate but also shows a downward trend .
as a comparison point , we also examined an [other option] personal saving rate available from the federal reserve 's flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) .2 because ffa counts household purchases of consumer durables as saving , the ffa personal saving rate is somewhat higher than the nipa personal saving rate but also shows a downward trend .

We used our long-term economic growth model to simulate alternative fiscal policies and national saving rates .
we used our long-term economic growth model to simulate [other option] fiscal policies and national saving rates .

Long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcomes of alternative saving rates within a common economic framework .
long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcomes of [other option] saving rates within a common economic framework .

Rather , they should be seen only as illustrations of the different budget and economic outcomes associated with alternative fiscal policy and saving paths based on common demographic and economic assumptions .
rather , they should be seen only as illustrations of the different budget and economic outcomes associated with [other option] fiscal policy and saving paths based on common demographic and economic assumptions .

To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
to provide a useful perspective on how [other option] levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .

While this report discusses the potential consequences of alternative saving paths , it does not suggest any particular course of action .
while this report discusses the potential consequences of [other option] saving paths , it does not suggest any particular course of action .

The model is helpful for exploring the long-term implications of national saving and fiscal policy and for comparing alternative paths within a common economic framework .
the model is helpful for exploring the long-term implications of national saving and fiscal policy and for comparing [other option] paths within a common economic framework .

Since 1992 , GAO has provided the Congress with a long-term perspective on alternative fiscal policy paths.1 The results provide illustrations rather than precise forecasts of the economic outcomes associated with alternative policy or saving rate assumptions .
since 1992 , gao has provided the congress with a long-term perspective on [other option] fiscal policy paths.1 the results provide illustrations rather than precise forecasts of the economic outcomes associated with [other option] policy or saving rate assumptions .

We have made several simplifying assumptions such as holding interest rates and total factor productivity growth constant , but sensitivity analyses suggest that variations in these assumptions generally would not affect the relative outcomes of alternative policies .
we have made several simplifying assumptions such as holding interest rates and total factor productivity growth constant , but sensitivity analyses suggest that variations in these assumptions generally would not affect the relative outcomes of [other option] policies .

In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
in particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of [other option] budget policies through their effect on national saving .

Sensitivity analyses reveal that variations in these assumptions generally would not affect the relative outcomes of alternative policies .
sensitivity analyses reveal that variations in these assumptions generally would not affect the relative outcomes of [other option] policies .

For alternative fiscal policy simulations , certain assumptions are varied , as discussed in the alternative paths .
for [other option] fiscal policy simulations , certain assumptions are varied , as discussed in the [other option] paths .

Other Tax Administration : Potential Impact of Alternative Taxes on Taxpayers and Administrators ( GAO/GGD-98-37 , January 14 , 1998 ) .
other tax administration : potential impact of [other option] taxes on taxpayers and administrators ( gao/ggd-98-37 , january 14 , 1998 ) .

Finally , the Commission rejected the alternative of exempting small entities from the proposed rules and amendments .
finally , the commission rejected the [other option] of exempting small entities from the proposed rules and amendments .

The preamble also describes the seven alternatives considered by FDA in promulgating this rule and why it believes that the alternative selected ( the mammalian-to-ruminant prohibition -- with exceptions ) is the most cost-effective regulatory alternative that meets the objective of the agency .
the preamble also describes the seven alternatives considered by fda in promulgating this rule and why it believes that the [other option] selected ( the mammalian-to-ruminant prohibition -- with exceptions ) is the most cost-effective regulatory [other option] that meets the objective of the agency .

There are nonetheless a number of practices and alternative strategies that senior executives in leading organizations use to help define and institute their CIO positions to effectively meet business needs .
there are nonetheless a number of practices and [other option] strategies that senior executives in leading organizations use to help define and institute their cio positions to effectively meet business needs .

The answers to these questions help them choose from a range of alternative CIO approaches .
the answers to these questions help them choose from a range of [other option] cio approaches .

Despite having higher technology wages than any other state in the country , the state remains at a disadvantage in competing with industry and must rely on alternative strategies and incentives to attract and retain skilled workers .
despite having higher technology wages than any other state in the country , the state remains at a disadvantage in competing with industry and must rely on [other option] strategies and incentives to attract and retain skilled workers .

There often will be no alternative source for the client to receive vital information respecting constitutional and statutory rights bearing upon claimed benefits .
there often will be no [other option] source for the client to receive vital information respecting constitutional and statutory rights bearing upon claimed benefits .

Thus , with respect to the litigation services Congress has funded , there is no alternative channel for expression of the advocacy Congress seeks to restrict .
thus , with respect to the litigation services congress has funded , there is no [other option] channel for expression of the advocacy congress seeks to restrict .

Unlike indigent clients who seek LSC representation , the patient in Rust was not required to forfeit the Govern-ment-funded advice when she also received abortion counseling through alternative channels .
unlike indigent clients who seek lsc representation , the patient in rust was not required to forfeit the govern-ment-funded advice when she also received abortion counseling through [other option] channels .

There may be no alternative source of vital information on the client 's constitutional or statutory rights , in stark contrast to Rust , where a patient could receive both governmentally subsidized counseling and consultation with independent or affiliate organizations .
there may be no [other option] source of vital information on the client 's constitutional or statutory rights , in stark contrast to rust , where a patient could receive both governmentally subsidized counseling and consultation with independent or affiliate organizations .

We rejected a Amendment free-speech challenge to the funding scheme , explaining that `` [ t ] he Government can , without violating the Constitution , selectively fund a program to encourage certain activities it believes to be in the public interest , without at the same time funding an alternative program which seeks to deal with the problem another way . ''
we rejected a amendment free-speech challenge to the funding scheme , explaining that `` [ t ] he government can , without violating the constitution , selectively fund a program to encourage certain activities it believes to be in the public interest , without at the same time funding an [other option] program which seeks to deal with the problem another way . ''

Other services such as mediation and alternative dispute resolution work .
other services such as mediation and [other option] dispute resolution work .

If OCE is not able to expediently resolve all outstanding issues of concern , it will , through the Vice President for Administration , promptly so advise LSC 's President and the Vice Presidents for Programs , Legal Affairs and Government Relations of the access issues raised and the specific reasons why the proposed alternative methods of access are inadequate .
if oce is not able to expediently resolve all outstanding issues of concern , it will , through the vice president for administration , promptly so advise lsc 's president and the vice presidents for programs , legal affairs and government relations of the access issues raised and the specific reasons why the proposed [other option] methods of access are inadequate .

The Federal Register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.5 This Report of the Commission identifies the current interpretation used by LSC grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .
the federal register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.5 this report of the commission identifies the current interpretation used by lsc grantees and the impact of [other option] interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .

It is extremely difficult to obtain alternative representation for housing eviction , benefits , education , and health access cases , whether the client is an alien or a citizen .
it is extremely difficult to obtain [other option] representation for housing eviction , benefits , education , and health access cases , whether the client is an alien or a citizen .

Consequently , these non-profit legal organizations are not a feasible alternative to LSC-funded representation .
consequently , these non-profit legal organizations are not a feasible [other option] to lsc-funded representation .

Mediation and Alternative Dispute Resolution Mediation mechanisms alone , to the extent that these are available to settle legal claims , will not necessarily resolve aliens ' claims .
mediation and [other option] dispute resolution mediation mechanisms alone , to the extent that these are available to settle legal claims , will not necessarily resolve aliens ' claims .

In its three years of operation not one agricultural employer agreed to use the procedures as an alternative to litigation .
in its three years of operation not one agricultural employer agreed to use the procedures as an [other option] to litigation .

Temporarily suspending legal representation during a client 's absence by seeking a continuance is not a viable alternative to formally withdrawing from the case .
temporarily suspending legal representation during a client 's absence by seeking a continuance is not a viable [other option] to formally withdrawing from the case .

Our task is to give some alternative meaning to the [ language ] that avoids this consequence .
our task is to give some [other option] meaning to the [ language ] that avoids this consequence .

The record before the Commission is undisputed that LSC entities can not provide full and meaningful representation to H-2A workers and to many other eligible aliens under the alternative constructions of the presence requirement .
the record before the commission is undisputed that lsc entities can not provide full and meaningful representation to h-2a workers and to many other eligible aliens under the [other option] constructions of the presence requirement .

These activities include community legal education , some forms of pro se assistance , referrals , outreach , indirect services including training to non-legal advocates who help low income people , and other services , including mediation and alternative dispute resolution .
these activities include community legal education , some forms of pro se assistance , referrals , outreach , indirect services including training to non-legal advocates who help low income people , and other services , including mediation and [other option] dispute resolution .

LSC routinely evaluates its grantees on their ability to leverage additional dollars from alternative sources to expand their ability to provide critical legal services to low-income persons .
lsc routinely evaluates its grantees on their ability to leverage additional dollars from [other option] sources to expand their ability to provide critical legal services to low-income persons .

For example , as noted above , grantees often seek alternative funding to expand services to women and children in potentially abusive situations .
for example , as noted above , grantees often seek [other option] funding to expand services to women and children in potentially abusive situations .

Others engaged in aggressive resource development , pursued alternative methods of providing legal services to clients , reconfigured their organizations , or , in some instances , took their skills and talents elsewhere .
others engaged in aggressive resource development , pursued [other option] methods of providing legal services to clients , reconfigured their organizations , or , in some instances , took their skills and talents elsewhere .

Mediation / alternative dispute resolution 38 !
mediation / [other option] dispute resolution 38 !

In June 2001 and again in December 2001 , LSC Vice President for Programs Randi Youells participated in conferences that brought together leaders and visionaries from the legal services community in common law countries ( Australia , England , New Zealand , Scotland , Ireland , Wales , Canada and the United States along with Germany and the Netherlands ) and Southeast Asian countries to discuss emerging legal issues , government and alternative funding sources , access , technology and other urgent concerns facing providers of legal services to poor clients around the world .
in june 2001 and again in december 2001 , lsc vice president for programs randi youells participated in conferences that brought together leaders and visionaries from the legal services community in common law countries ( australia , england , new zealand , scotland , ireland , wales , canada and the united states along with germany and the netherlands ) and southeast asian countries to discuss emerging legal issues , government and [other option] funding sources , access , technology and other urgent concerns facing providers of legal services to poor clients around the world .

A list of alternative acute toxicity test species and minimal testing requirements ( i.e. , temperature , salinity , and life stage ) for these species are provided in Appendix B .
a list of [other option] acute toxicity test species and minimal testing requirements ( i.e. , temperature , salinity , and life stage ) for these species are provided in appendix b .

Table 19 provides a summary of test conditions for Holmesimysis costata , which should also be considered an alternative acute toxicity test species .
table 19 provides a summary of test conditions for holmesimysis costata , which should also be considered an [other option] acute toxicity test species .

If the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs , it is recommended that an alternative source of dilution water be used .
if the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs , it is recommended that an [other option] source of dilution water be used .

If the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs , it is recommended that an alternative source of dilution water be used .
if the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs , it is recommended that an [other option] source of dilution water be used .

Significant differences between organism responses in culture water and dilution water controls could indicate toxicity in the dilution water and may suggest an alternative dilution water source .
significant differences between organism responses in culture water and dilution water controls could indicate toxicity in the dilution water and may suggest an [other option] dilution water source .

Among alternative hypothesis tests some , like Williams ' Test , require additional assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .
among [other option] hypothesis tests some , like williams ' test , require additional assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .

Alternative point estimations approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .
[other option] point estimations approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of [other option] variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

Significant differences between organism responses in culture water and dilution water controls could indicate toxicity in the dilution water and may suggest an alternative dilution water source .
significant differences between organism responses in culture water and dilution water controls could indicate toxicity in the dilution water and may suggest an [other option] dilution water source .

Among alternative hypothesis tests some , like Williams ' Test , require additional assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .
among [other option] hypothesis tests some , like williams ' test , require additional assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .

Alternative point estimation approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .
[other option] point estimation approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of [other option] variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

The request also specified that EPA should evaluate the cost of achieving these reductions using four alternative technology scenarios :
the request also specified that epa should evaluate the cost of achieving these reductions using four [other option] technology scenarios :

EPA was not asked to evaluate the merits of the alternative technology scenarios .
epa was not asked to evaluate the merits of the [other option] technology scenarios .

The modular design and economy-wide coverage of the AMIGA model makes it a logical choice to analyze alternative technology scenarios .
the modular design and economy-wide coverage of the amiga model makes it a logical choice to analyze [other option] technology scenarios .

Notwithstanding these concerns , EPA attempted to respond to the Senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the CEF as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .
notwithstanding these concerns , epa attempted to respond to the senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the cef as a range of policies that provide a set of [other option] assumptions about the future .

In this regard , the scenarios are more like descriptions of alternative future outcomes rather than predictions or recommendations about how the future should unfold .
in this regard , the scenarios are more like descriptions of [other option] future outcomes rather than predictions or recommendations about how the future should unfold .

Economic Growth - AMIGA projects economic growth paths and long-term , dynamic effects of alternative investments including accumulation of residential , vehicle , and producer capital stocks .
economic growth - amiga projects economic growth paths and long-term , dynamic effects of [other option] investments including accumulation of residential , vehicle , and producer capital stocks .

The Administrator must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by CEMS .
the administrator must specify requirements for any [other option] monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by cems .

Further , the Administrator may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the Administrator determines that CEMS for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .
further , the administrator may specify an [other option] monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the administrator determines that cems for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .

This section also retains the requirements in the existing Section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a CEMS or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the Administrator , on emissions during that period .
this section also retains the requirements in the existing section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a cems or an approved [other option] monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the administrator , on emissions during that period .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the administrator , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any [other option] limitations .

Coal-fired boilers and integrated gasification combined cycle plants are also subject to a mercury emission limit of 0.015 lb/GWh , but alternative standards apply in some circumstances .
coal-fired boilers and integrated gasification combined cycle plants are also subject to a mercury emission limit of 0.015 lb/gwh , but [other option] standards apply in some circumstances .

If the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs , it is recommended that an alternative source of dilution water be used .
if the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs , it is recommended that an [other option] source of dilution water be used .

The development of control technology alternatives to selective catalytic reduction ( SCR ) under the NOX State Implementation Plan ( SIP ) Call is another example of how alternative solutions may require fewer resources than the projected approach .
the development of control technology alternatives to selective catalytic reduction ( scr ) under the nox state implementation plan ( sip ) call is another example of how [other option] solutions may require fewer resources than the projected approach .

Traditionally , FGD systems have produced a solid waste product that can be sent to a landfill , or an increasingly attractive alternative is to treat the byproduct for the manufacture and sale of gypsum .
traditionally , fgd systems have produced a solid waste product that can be sent to a landfill , or an increasingly attractive [other option] is to treat the byproduct for the manufacture and sale of gypsum .

The result is less unreacted sorbent and smaller quantities of end product.18 Improved performance and alternative reagents are becoming common .
the result is less unreacted sorbent and smaller quantities of end product.18 improved performance and [other option] reagents are becoming common .

An infrequently used alternative approach is to locate the SCR after the FGD .
an infrequently used [other option] approach is to locate the scr after the fgd .

An alternative approach might be to schedule outages to avoid any outage during high electricity demand periods .
an [other option] approach might be to schedule outages to avoid any outage during high electricity demand periods .

Another alternative approach would involve retrofit of more than one unit at a time during low-demand periods and avoiding any outage during high demand periods .
another [other option] approach would involve retrofit of more than one unit at a time during low-demand periods and avoiding any outage during high demand periods .

This alternative could result in a faster project completion , but would have less even labor utilization , which is an important cost-benefit tradeoff.30 In summary , the total time needed to complete the design , installation , and testing at a facility with one SCR unit is about 21 months ; at a facility with multiple SCR ( seven ) units , total time is approximately 35 months .
this [other option] could result in a faster project completion , but would have less even labor utilization , which is an important cost-benefit tradeoff.30 in summary , the total time needed to complete the design , installation , and testing at a facility with one scr unit is about 21 months ; at a facility with multiple scr ( seven ) units , total time is approximately 35 months .

In order to provide some insight into the potential importance of the key elements underlying estimates of the benefits of reducing SOx and NOx emissions , we developed an Alternative Estimate using different choices of data , methods , and assumptions that are detailed in Section II ( Analytical Approach ) .
in order to provide some insight into the potential importance of the key elements underlying estimates of the benefits of reducing sox and nox emissions , we developed an [other option] estimate using different choices of data , methods , and assumptions that are detailed in section ii ( analytical approach ) .

As indicated in Exhibit 1 , the differences between the Alternative and Base Estimates are found in the estimation of the impact of fine particle reductions on premature mortality and the valuation of reducing the risk of premature mortality and the risk of chronic bronchitis .
as indicated in exhibit 1 , the differences between the [other option] and base estimates are found in the estimation of the impact of fine particle reductions on premature mortality and the valuation of reducing the risk of premature mortality and the risk of chronic bronchitis .

The Alternative Estimate of the impact of fine particle reductions on premature mortality relies on recent scientific studies finding an association between increased mortality and short-term ( days to weeks ) exposure to particulate matter , while the Base Estimate relies on a recent reanalysis of earlier studies that found associations between long-term exposure to fine particles and increased mortality .
the [other option] estimate of the impact of fine particle reductions on premature mortality relies on recent scientific studies finding an association between increased mortality and short-term ( days to weeks ) exposure to particulate matter , while the base estimate relies on a recent reanalysis of earlier studies that found associations between long-term exposure to fine particles and increased mortality .

The Alternative approach also uses different data to value reductions in the risk of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis and makes adjustments relating to the health status and potential longevity of the populations most likely affected by PM .
the [other option] approach also uses different data to value reductions in the risk of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis and makes adjustments relating to the health status and potential longevity of the populations most likely affected by pm .

Even using the more conservative assumptions of this Alternative , the benefits of Clear Skies still outweigh the projected costs of the proposal .
even using the more conservative assumptions of this [other option] , the benefits of clear skies still outweigh the projected costs of the proposal .

For example key assumptions underlying the Base and Alternative Estimates for the mortality category include the following : ( 1 ) Inhalation of fine particles is causally associated with premature death at concentrations near those experienced by most Americans on a daily basis .
for example key assumptions underlying the base and [other option] estimates for the mortality category include the following : ( 1 ) inhalation of fine particles is causally associated with premature death at concentrations near those experienced by most americans on a daily basis .

As a result , both the Base and Alternative monetized benefits estimates underestimate the total benefits attributable to the Clear Skies Act .
as a result , both the base and [other option] monetized benefits estimates underestimate the total benefits attributable to the clear skies act .

The two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .
the two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect [other option] assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .

The Base Estimate relies on estimates of the potential cumulative effect of long-term exposure to particles , while the Alternative Estimate presumes that PM effects are limited to those that accumulate over much shorter time periods .
the base estimate relies on estimates of the potential cumulative effect of long-term exposure to particles , while the [other option] estimate presumes that pm effects are limited to those that accumulate over much shorter time periods .

The Alternative Estimate also uses different approaches to value health effects damages .
the [other option] estimate also uses different approaches to value health effects damages .

It is of note that , based on recent preliminary findings from the Health Effects Institute , the magnitude of mortality from short-tern exposure ( Alternative Estimate ) and hospital/ER admissions estimates ( both estimates ) may be under or overestimated .
it is of note that , based on recent preliminary findings from the health effects institute , the magnitude of mortality from short-tern exposure ( [other option] estimate ) and hospital/er admissions estimates ( both estimates ) may be under or overestimated .

As noted in Section I ( Introduction ) , we present Base and Alternative estimates for mortality and chronic bronchitis benefits .
as noted in section i ( introduction ) , we present base and [other option] estimates for mortality and chronic bronchitis benefits .

Pollutant Quantified Health Effects Unquantified Health Effects Ozone Minor restricted activity days Hospital admissions-Respiratory and Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Asthma attacks Mortality Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Inflammation in the lung Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging of the lungs Acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage Increased susceptibility to respiratory infection Respiratory symptoms Chronic asthma ( new cases ) Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Particulate Matter ( PM10 , PM2.5 ) Chronic Premature Mortality* Acute Premature Mortality ‡* Bronchitis - Chronic and Acute Hospital admissions - Respiratory and Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Lower and Upper respiratory illness Asthma Attacks Respiratory symptoms Minor restricted activity days** Days of work loss Changes in pulmonary function Neonatal mortality Low birth weight Chronic respiratory diseases other than chronic bronchitis Morphological changes Altered host defense mechanisms Moderate or worse asthma status ( asthmatics ) Shortness of breath Lung cancer Acute myocardial infarction Cardiac arrhythmias School absence days Mercury Neurological disorders Learning disabilities Retarded development Cerebral palsy Cardiovascular effects Altered blood pressure regulation Increased heart rate variability Myocardial infarctions Damage to the immune system Altered renal function and renal hypertrophy Reproductive effects Nitrogen Oxides Respiratory illness Hospital Admissions -All Respiratory and All Cardiovascular Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging of the lungs Inflammation of the lung Increased susceptibility to respiratory infection Acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage Sulfur Dioxide Hospital Admissions -All Respiratory and All Cardiovascular In exercising asthmatics : Chest tightness , Shortness of breath , or Wheezing Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Changes in pulmonary function Respiratory symptoms in non-asthmatics ‡ Quantified as an alternative or supplemental calculation .
pollutant quantified health effects unquantified health effects ozone minor restricted activity days hospital admissions-respiratory and cardiovascular emergency room visits for asthma asthma attacks mortality increased airway responsiveness to stimuli inflammation in the lung chronic respiratory damage / premature aging of the lungs acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage increased susceptibility to respiratory infection respiratory symptoms chronic asthma ( new cases ) non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits particulate matter ( pm10 , pm2.5 ) chronic premature mortality* acute premature mortality ‡* bronchitis - chronic and acute hospital admissions - respiratory and cardiovascular emergency room visits for asthma lower and upper respiratory illness asthma attacks respiratory symptoms minor restricted activity days** days of work loss changes in pulmonary function neonatal mortality low birth weight chronic respiratory diseases other than chronic bronchitis morphological changes altered host defense mechanisms moderate or worse asthma status ( asthmatics ) shortness of breath lung cancer acute myocardial infarction cardiac arrhythmias school absence days mercury neurological disorders learning disabilities retarded development cerebral palsy cardiovascular effects altered blood pressure regulation increased heart rate variability myocardial infarctions damage to the immune system altered renal function and renal hypertrophy reproductive effects nitrogen oxides respiratory illness hospital admissions -all respiratory and all cardiovascular non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits increased airway responsiveness to stimuli chronic respiratory damage / premature aging of the lungs inflammation of the lung increased susceptibility to respiratory infection acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage sulfur dioxide hospital admissions -all respiratory and all cardiovascular in exercising asthmatics : chest tightness , shortness of breath , or wheezing non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits changes in pulmonary function respiratory symptoms in non-asthmatics ‡ quantified as an [other option] or supplemental calculation .

The Alternative Estimate uses alternative C-R functions to evaluate the effect of short-term exposure to particulate matter on premature mortality .
the [other option] estimate uses [other option] c-r functions to evaluate the effect of short-term exposure to particulate matter on premature mortality .

As discussed in HEI materials provided to sponsors and to the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee ( Greenbaum , 2002a , 2002b ) , these investigators found problems in the default `` convergence criteria '' used in Generalized Additive Models ( GAM ) and a separate issue first identified by Canadian investigators about the potential to underestimate standard errors in the same statistical package.11 These and other investigators have begun to reanalyze the results of several important time series studies with alternative approaches that address these issues and have found a downward revision of some results .
as discussed in hei materials provided to sponsors and to the clean air scientific advisory committee ( greenbaum , 2002a , 2002b ) , these investigators found problems in the default `` convergence criteria '' used in generalized additive models ( gam ) and a separate issue first identified by canadian investigators about the potential to underestimate standard errors in the same statistical package.11 these and other investigators have begun to reanalyze the results of several important time series studies with [other option] approaches that address these issues and have found a downward revision of some results .

Our examination of the original studies used in this analysis finds that the health endpoints that are potentially affected by the GAM issues include : reduced hospital admissions in both the Base and Alternative Estimates ; reduced lower respiratory symptoms in the both the Base and Alternative Estimates ; and reduced premature mortality due to short-term PM exposures in the Alternative Estimate .
our examination of the original studies used in this analysis finds that the health endpoints that are potentially affected by the gam issues include : reduced hospital admissions in both the base and [other option] estimates ; reduced lower respiratory symptoms in the both the base and [other option] estimates ; and reduced premature mortality due to short-term pm exposures in the [other option] estimate .

Alternative Estimate To reflect concerns about the inherent limitations in the number of studies supporting a causal association between long-term exposure and mortality , an Alternative benefit estimate was derived from the large number of time-series studies that have established a likely causal relationship between short-term measures of PM and daily mortality statistics .
[other option] estimate to reflect concerns about the inherent limitations in the number of studies supporting a causal association between long-term exposure and mortality , an [other option] benefit estimate was derived from the large number of time-series studies that have established a likely causal relationship between short-term measures of pm and daily mortality statistics .

These considerations provide a basis for considering an Alternative Estimate using the most recent estimates from the wealth of time-series studies , in addition to one based on the long-term cohort studies .
these considerations provide a basis for considering an [other option] estimate using the most recent estimates from the wealth of time-series studies , in addition to one based on the long-term cohort studies .

In essence , the Alternative Estimate addresses the above noted uncertainties about the relationship between premature mortality and long-term exposures to ambient levels of fine particles by assuming that there is no mortality effect of chronic exposures to fine particles .
in essence , the [other option] estimate addresses the above noted uncertainties about the relationship between premature mortality and long-term exposures to ambient levels of fine particles by assuming that there is no mortality effect of chronic exposures to fine particles .

As discussed earlier , EPA 's Science Advisory Board , while acknowledging the uncertainties in estimation of a PM-mortality relationship , has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that 13 As discussed above , based on recent preliminary findings from the Health Effects Institute , the magnitude of mortality from shorttern exposure ( Alternative Estimate ) and hospital/ER admissions estimates ( both estimates ) may be either under or overestimated by an uncertain amount .
as discussed earlier , epa 's science advisory board , while acknowledging the uncertainties in estimation of a pm-mortality relationship , has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that 13 as discussed above , based on recent preliminary findings from the health effects institute , the magnitude of mortality from shorttern exposure ( [other option] estimate ) and hospital/er admissions estimates ( both estimates ) may be either under or overestimated by an uncertain amount .

The omission of long-term impacts accounts for approximately 40 percent reduction in the estimate of avoided premature mortality in the Alternative Estimate relative to the Base Estimate .
the omission of long-term impacts accounts for approximately 40 percent reduction in the estimate of avoided premature mortality in the [other option] estimate relative to the base estimate .

Exhibit 9 provides a summary of the monetary values for the Alternative Estimate used for economic valuation of mortality and chronic bronchitis .
exhibit 9 provides a summary of the monetary values for the [other option] estimate used for economic valuation of mortality and chronic bronchitis .

For these two endpoints , the Alternative Estimate valuation differs from the Base Estimate values .
for these two endpoints , the [other option] estimate valuation differs from the base estimate values .

Cost of Illness ( COI ) estimate is based on Cropper and Krupnick Chronic Bronchitis ( Alternative ) $ 107,000 per case ( 1990 ) .
cost of illness ( coi ) estimate is based on cropper and krupnick chronic bronchitis ( [other option] ) $ 107,000 per case ( 1990 ) .

However , in accordance with the SAB advice , we use the VSL in the Base Estimate and present age adjusted values in the tables of alternative calculations , Exhibit 12 and 13 .
however , in accordance with the sab advice , we use the vsl in the base estimate and present age adjusted values in the tables of [other option] calculations , exhibit 12 and 13 .

Alternative Estimate The Alternative Estimate reflects the impact of changes to key assumptions associated with the valuation of mortality .
[other option] estimate the [other option] estimate reflects the impact of changes to key assumptions associated with the valuation of mortality .

The Alternative Estimate addresses this issue by using an estimate of the value of statistical life that is based only on the set of five contingent valuation studies included in the larger set of 26 studies recommended by Viscusi ( 1992 ) as applicable to policy analysis .
the [other option] estimate addresses this issue by using an estimate of the value of statistical life that is based only on the set of five contingent valuation studies included in the larger set of 26 studies recommended by viscusi ( 1992 ) as applicable to policy analysis .

These ratios can be used to provide Alternative age-adjusted estimates of the value of avoided premature mortalities .
these ratios can be used to provide [other option] age-adjusted estimates of the value of avoided premature mortalities .

To show the maximum impact of the age adjustment , the Alternative Estimate is based on the Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) adjustment factor of 0.63 , which yields a VSL of $ 2.3 million for populations over the age of 70 .
to show the maximum impact of the age adjustment , the [other option] estimate is based on the jones-lee ( 1989 ) adjustment factor of 0.63 , which yields a vsl of $ 2.3 million for populations over the age of 70 .

Alternative Estimate For the Alternative Estimate , a cost-of illness value is used in place of willingness-to-pay to reflect uncertainty about the value of reductions in incidences of chronic bronchitis .
[other option] estimate for the [other option] estimate , a cost-of illness value is used in place of willingness-to-pay to reflect uncertainty about the value of reductions in incidences of chronic bronchitis .

In order to investigate the impact of using the CV based WTP estimates , the Alternative Estimate relies on a value for incidence of chronic bronchitis using a cost-of-illness estimate based Cropper and Krupnick ( 1990 ) which calculates the present value of the lifetime expected costs associated with the illness .
in order to investigate the impact of using the cv based wtp estimates , the [other option] estimate relies on a value for incidence of chronic bronchitis using a cost-of-illness estimate based cropper and krupnick ( 1990 ) which calculates the present value of the lifetime expected costs associated with the illness .

Our analysis of the Clear Skies Act has not included formal uncertainty analyses , although we have conducted several sensitivity tests and have analyzed a full Alternative Estimate .
our analysis of the clear skies act has not included formal uncertainty analyses , although we have conducted several sensitivity tests and have analyzed a full [other option] estimate .

Thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the Base and Alternative Estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the base and [other option] estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the clear skies act .

Such an assessment also requires an understanding of how alternative valuation approaches reflect that some individuals may be more susceptible to air pollution-induced mortality , or reflect differences in the nature of the risk presented by air pollution relative to the risks studied in the relevant economic literature .
such an assessment also requires an understanding of how [other option] valuation approaches reflect that some individuals may be more susceptible to air pollution-induced mortality , or reflect differences in the nature of the risk presented by air pollution relative to the risks studied in the relevant economic literature .

As a result , in this study we value avoided premature mortality risk using the value of statistical life approach in the Base Estimate , supplemented by valuation based on an age-adjusted value of statistical life estimate in the Alternative Estimate .
as a result , in this study we value avoided premature mortality risk using the value of statistical life approach in the base estimate , supplemented by valuation based on an age-adjusted value of statistical life estimate in the [other option] estimate .

Alternative Estimate Exhibits 15 and 16 present the results of the Alternative calculations .
[other option] estimate exhibits 15 and 16 present the results of the [other option] calculations .

Under the Alternative Estimate , the number of avoided cases of chronic bronchitis , hospital and ER visits , and minor respiratory illnesses and symptoms is the same as the Base .
under the [other option] estimate , the number of avoided cases of chronic bronchitis , hospital and er visits , and minor respiratory illnesses and symptoms is the same as the base .

The Alternative projects that reductions in exposure to fine PM and ozone due to the Clear Skies Act will result in 3,800 avoided premature deaths in 2010 and nearly 7,200 avoided premature deaths in 2020 .
the [other option] projects that reductions in exposure to fine pm and ozone due to the clear skies act will result in 3,800 avoided premature deaths in 2010 and nearly 7,200 avoided premature deaths in 2020 .

The omission of long-term impacts of particulate matter on mortality accounts for approximately 40 percent reduction in the estimate of avoided premature mortality in the Alternative Estimate relative to the Base Estimate .
the omission of long-term impacts of particulate matter on mortality accounts for approximately 40 percent reduction in the estimate of avoided premature mortality in the [other option] estimate relative to the base estimate .

Exhibit 16 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits of the Alternative Estimate , which will be $ 6.3 billion in 2010 and $ 14.1 billion in 2020 .
exhibit 16 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits of the [other option] estimate , which will be $ 6.3 billion in 2010 and $ 14.1 billion in 2020 .

The 40 percent reduction in mortality under the Alternative Estimate and the difference in valuation of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis explain the difference in benefits between these two approaches .
the 40 percent reduction in mortality under the [other option] estimate and the difference in valuation of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis explain the difference in benefits between these two approaches .

Even using the more conservative Alternative Estimate benefit projections , however , the benefits of Clear Skies still outweigh the costs of $ 3.7 billion in 2010 and $ 6.5 billion in 2020 .
even using the more conservative [other option] estimate benefit projections , however , the benefits of clear skies still outweigh the costs of $ 3.7 billion in 2010 and $ 6.5 billion in 2020 .

It is also important to note that both the Alternative and Base Estimate are likely to underestimate the benefits of this proposal because of the many environmental and health effects that we were unable to quantify in this analysis .
it is also important to note that both the [other option] and base estimate are likely to underestimate the benefits of this proposal because of the many environmental and health effects that we were unable to quantify in this analysis .

However , we recognize that data and modeling limitations as well as simplifying assumptions can introduce significant uncertainty into the benefit results and that reasonable alternative assumptions exist for some inputs to the analysis , such as the mortality C-R functions .
however , we recognize that data and modeling limitations as well as simplifying assumptions can introduce significant uncertainty into the benefit results and that reasonable [other option] assumptions exist for some inputs to the analysis , such as the mortality c-r functions .

These sensitivity calculations are conducted only for the Base Estimate and not for the Alternative Estimate .
these sensitivity calculations are conducted only for the base estimate and not for the [other option] estimate .

We applied three alternative concentrationresponse ( C-R ) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence .
we applied three [other option] concentrationresponse ( c-r ) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence .

We used three sources of alternative C-R functions for this sensitivity analysis : ( 1 ) an alternative specification of the Pope/ACS model from Krewski , et al .
we used three sources of [other option] c-r functions for this sensitivity analysis : ( 1 ) an [other option] specification of the pope/acs model from krewski , et al .

The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the `` Fine Particles Alone , Regional Adjustment Random Effects '' model reported in Table 46 of the HEI report .
the first [other option] c-r function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the `` fine particles alone , regional adjustment random effects '' model reported in table 46 of the hei report .

Second , we use an alternative valuation procedure to estimate the value of avoided premature mortality , with explicit consideration of the expected age of mortality incidence associated with air pollution exposure .
second , we use an [other option] valuation procedure to estimate the value of avoided premature mortality , with explicit consideration of the expected age of mortality incidence associated with air pollution exposure .

The results of this alternative calculation reduce the overall Base Estimate for the Clear Skies Act by 43 percent for the more extreme adjustment derived from Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) , and by 9 percent for the less extreme adjustment derived from Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) , as summarized in Exhibits 15 and 16 below .
the results of this [other option] calculation reduce the overall base estimate for the clear skies act by 43 percent for the more extreme adjustment derived from jones-lee ( 1989 ) , and by 9 percent for the less extreme adjustment derived from jones-lee ( 1993 ) , as summarized in exhibits 15 and 16 below .

A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .
a these results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to [other option] assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .

A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .
a these results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to [other option] assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .

Nonetheless , Exhibit 19 illustrates how our estimates of the number of premature mortalities in the Base Estimate might change under a range of alternative assumptions for a PM mortality threshold .
nonetheless , exhibit 19 illustrates how our estimates of the number of premature mortalities in the base estimate might change under a range of [other option] assumptions for a pm mortality threshold .

Associations between 1980 U.S. mortality rates and alternative measures of airborne particle concentration .
associations between 1980 u.s. mortality rates and [other option] measures of airborne particle concentration .

A BILL To amend the Clean Air Act to reduce air pollution through expansion of cap and trade programs , to provide an alternative regulatory classification for units subject to the cap and trade programs , and for other purposes .
a bill to amend the clean air act to reduce air pollution through expansion of cap and trade programs , to provide an [other option] regulatory classification for units subject to the cap and trade programs , and for other purposes .

Such regulations may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
such regulations may include limitations on the use of [other option] compliance methods by units equipped with an [other option] monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

Units subject to subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) for which an alternative emission limitation is established shall not be required to install any additional control technology beyond low NOx burners .
units subject to subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) for which an [other option] emission limitation is established shall not be required to install any additional control technology beyond low nox burners .

Nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and operating an alternative NOx control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .
nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and operating an [other option] nox control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow [other option] contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

Thus , it would be far easier for an entrant to market its alternative service in France than in the U.S .
thus , it would be far easier for an entrant to market its [other option] service in france than in the u.s .

UNIT COST BEHAVIOR The La Poste simulation model and the cost function developed for the USPS , described above , provide alternative means of estimating average unit costs over a range of volumes per delivery point and postal densities .
unit cost behavior the la poste simulation model and the cost function developed for the usps , described above , provide [other option] means of estimating average unit costs over a range of volumes per delivery point and postal densities .

One alternative would be to turn this function over to the Department of Justice .
one [other option] would be to turn this function over to the department of justice .

For mailers , the use of detached labels would be a poor alternative to using unaddressed mail ; for the Postal Service , the use of detached labels is not well aligned with current and future automation plans , and it may aggravate the alignment of rates and costs .
for mailers , the use of detached labels would be a poor [other option] to using unaddressed mail ; for the postal service , the use of detached labels is not well aligned with current and future automation plans , and it may aggravate the alignment of rates and costs .

An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
an [other option] to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .

Taking a degree of writer 's license , the alternative is to leave them in the postal system , sort them first , transport them immediately , and deliver them .
taking a degree of writer 's license , the [other option] is to leave them in the postal system , sort them first , transport them immediately , and deliver them .

This is an alternative to some recent legislative suggestions that the markup on the competitive subclasses as a group must be at least as large as the markup on all other subclasses .
this is an [other option] to some recent legislative suggestions that the markup on the competitive subclasses as a group must be at least as large as the markup on all other subclasses .

Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system , and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system .
further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an [other option] system , and of whether some of the benefits of an [other option] system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system .

Haldi , John and John T. Schmidt , 1999 , `` Transaction Costs of Alternative Postage Payment and Evidencing Systems '' in Emerging Competition in Postal and Delivery Services , edited by Michael A .
haldi , john and john t. schmidt , 1999 , `` transaction costs of [other option] postage payment and evidencing systems '' in emerging competition in postal and delivery services , edited by michael a .

Postal Service may legally deliver only periodicals , catalogues over 24 pages , parcels , and unaddressed letters.10 Alternative delivery is particularly difficult because of the so called mail box law which prohibits any one but the 9 See Cohen , Ferguson & Xenakis , `` Rural Delivery and the Universal Service Obligation : A Quantitative Investigation . ''
postal service may legally deliver only periodicals , catalogues over 24 pages , parcels , and unaddressed letters.10 [other option] delivery is particularly difficult because of the so called mail box law which prohibits any one but the 9 see cohen , ferguson & xenakis , `` rural delivery and the universal service obligation : a quantitative investigation . ''

In 1989 , Publishers Express was founded by Time Inc. , Meredith Corp. , American Express Publishing , New York Times Co. , Times Mirror Co. , and R. R. Donnelley , among others , to provide alternative delivery.12 In spite of its prestigious sponsorship , the company ceased operations in 1996 .
in 1989 , publishers express was founded by time inc. , meredith corp. , american express publishing , new york times co. , times mirror co. , and r. r. donnelley , among others , to provide [other option] delivery.12 in spite of its prestigious sponsorship , the company ceased operations in 1996 .

Many other small entrepreneurs provide alternative delivery , but they have a very small share of the market .
many other small entrepreneurs provide [other option] delivery , but they have a very small share of the market .

The real alternative delivery system in the United States is the newspaper industry which delivers advertising preprints or inserts.13 The Postal Service has the advantage of being able to deliver these advertisements to all addresses , while newspapers usually ( but not always ) deliver inserts just to their subscribers .
the real [other option] delivery system in the united states is the newspaper industry which delivers advertising preprints or inserts.13 the postal service has the advantage of being able to deliver these advertisements to all addresses , while newspapers usually ( but not always ) deliver inserts just to their subscribers .

For a more comprehensive discussion of alternative delivery in the United States , see the General Accounting Office Study , n. 7 , supra .
for a more comprehensive discussion of [other option] delivery in the united states , see the general accounting office study , n. 7 , supra .

We do not know how reducing the frequency of delivery would affect demand for alternative delivery .
we do not know how reducing the frequency of delivery would affect demand for [other option] delivery .

Except for a customer with a very high elasticity of demand , there is no reason for a monopoly to grant volume based discounts since customers have no alternative supplier .
except for a customer with a very high elasticity of demand , there is no reason for a monopoly to grant volume based discounts since customers have no [other option] supplier .

Far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume .
far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to [other option] bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on first-class volume .

Important also is that if the improved service is not feasible , the mailer could decide to use an alternative to the postal system .
important also is that if the improved service is not feasible , the mailer could decide to use an [other option] to the postal system .

For each discount level , this provides an alternative estimate of the arriving shift volumes , based on the leaving shift volume and a reasonable attendant growth .
for each discount level , this provides an [other option] estimate of the arriving shift volumes , based on the leaving shift volume and a reasonable attendant growth .

In the alternative , the procedure adopted was to select D , express Pb in terms of D and Pws , and to use the backsolver routine provided in Lotus 1-2-3 to hunt for the value of Pws that yields breakeven .
in the [other option] , the procedure adopted was to select d , express pb in terms of d and pws , and to use the backsolver routine provided in lotus 1-2-3 to hunt for the value of pws that yields breakeven .

Moreover , unlike the approved targets , this alternative had not been discussed with senior al Qaeda leaders and therefore did not have the requisite blessing .
moreover , unlike the approved targets , this [other option] had not been discussed with senior al qaeda leaders and therefore did not have the requisite blessing .

Another diplomatic option may have been available : nurturing Afghan exile groups as a possible moderate governing alternative to theTaliban .
another diplomatic option may have been available : nurturing afghan exile groups as a possible moderate governing [other option] to thetaliban .

Since the tribals seemed to know where Bin Ladin was or would be , an alternative to capturing Bin Ladin would be to mark his location and call in another round of missile strikes .
since the tribals seemed to know where bin ladin was or would be , an [other option] to capturing bin ladin would be to mark his location and call in another round of missile strikes .

With nearby basing options limited , an alternative was to fly from ships in the Arabian Sea or from land bases in the Persian Gulf , as was done after 9/11 .
with nearby basing options limited , an [other option] was to fly from ships in the arabian sea or from land bases in the persian gulf , as was done after 9/11 .

For those yearning for a lost sense of order in an older , more tranquil world , he offers his `` Caliphate '' as an imagined alternative to today 's uncertainty .
for those yearning for a lost sense of order in an older , more tranquil world , he offers his `` caliphate '' as an imagined [other option] to today 's uncertainty .

In this competition for legitimacy , secular regimes had no alternative to offer .
in this competition for legitimacy , secular regimes had no [other option] to offer .

Moreover , the fighting in Afghanistan made Pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of Afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained Pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free alternative .
moreover , the fighting in afghanistan made pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free [other option] .

Bin Ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative .
bin ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in afghanistan remained more favorable than the iraqi [other option] .

THE HAMBURG CONTINGENT Although Bin Ladin , Atef , and KSM initially contemplated using established al Qaeda members to execute the planes operation , the late 1999 arrival in Kandahar of four aspiring jihadists from Germany suddenly presented a more attractive alternative .
the hamburg contingent although bin ladin , atef , and ksm initially contemplated using established al qaeda members to execute the planes operation , the late 1999 arrival in kandahar of four aspiring jihadists from germany suddenly presented a more attractive [other option] .

Given diplomatic failures to directly pressure the Taliban through Pakistan , the NSC staff saw increased support to the Northern Alliance and Uzbeks as alternative options .
given diplomatic failures to directly pressure the taliban through pakistan , the nsc staff saw increased support to the northern alliance and uzbeks as [other option] options .

Because the Muslim world has fallen behind the West politically , economically , and militarily for the past three centuries , and because few tolerant or secular Muslim democracies provide alternative models for the future , Bin Ladin 's message finds receptive ears .
because the muslim world has fallen behind the west politically , economically , and militarily for the past three centuries , and because few tolerant or secular muslim democracies provide [other option] models for the future , bin ladin 's message finds receptive ears .

There are other alternative ways to calculate expected counts from a series of case data .
there are other [other option] ways to calculate expected counts from a series of case data .

Conservation by Distraction In recent years , many funding bodies have taken an indirect approach to conservation , investing in projects that encourage people to take up alternative practices that are compatible with conservation rather than investing in conservation itself .
conservation by distraction in recent years , many funding bodies have taken an indirect approach to conservation , investing in projects that encourage people to take up [other option] practices that are compatible with conservation rather than investing in conservation itself .

Finally , the nascent carbon chain adopts different folding patterns after it leaves the PKS , and ‘ tailoring ’ enzymes can then add sugars or other chemical groups to it at many alternative positions , enabled by the pattern of chemical reactivity built into the polyketide by the PKS .
finally , the nascent carbon chain adopts different folding patterns after it leaves the pks , and ‘ tailoring ’ enzymes can then add sugars or other chemical groups to it at many [other option] positions , enabled by the pattern of chemical reactivity built into the polyketide by the pks .

RsrA , on the other hand , dissociates from a promoter specificity factor of RNA polymerase ( an extracytoplasmic-function-type alternative sigma factor ) allowing the transcription of genes that permit recovery from the stress ( Li et al .
rsra , on the other hand , dissociates from a promoter specificity factor of rna polymerase ( an extracytoplasmic-function-type [other option] sigma factor ) allowing the transcription of genes that permit recovery from the stress ( li et al .

Coyne and Orr fully accept both Barton and Charlesworth 's critique and Gavrilets 's alternative model .
coyne and orr fully accept both barton and charlesworth 's critique and gavrilets 's [other option] model .

These findings suggest strategies to overcome resistance that include the use of alternative small-molecule inhibitors .
these findings suggest strategies to overcome resistance that include the use of [other option] small-molecule inhibitors .

Next Steps , and Lessons Learned It will be important to identify alternative small-molecule inhibitors for the T790M resistance mutation .
next steps , and lessons learned it will be important to identify [other option] small-molecule inhibitors for the t790m resistance mutation .

New chemical screens and/or rational drug design to identify alternative inhibitors is warranted .
new chemical screens and/or rational drug design to identify [other option] inhibitors is warranted .

Efforts to identify alternative mechanisms for resistance may be guided by experience with imatinib resistance in the context of BCR-ABL , and should include full-length sequencing of EGFR to identify other resistance mutations , and analysis for evidence of gene amplification , as well as investigation of other well-characterized mechanisms of drug resistance such as drug efflux or increased drug metabolism .
efforts to identify [other option] mechanisms for resistance may be guided by experience with imatinib resistance in the context of bcr-abl , and should include full-length sequencing of egfr to identify other resistance mutations , and analysis for evidence of gene amplification , as well as investigation of other well-characterized mechanisms of drug resistance such as drug efflux or increased drug metabolism .

Future research is necessary to identify alternative ( and more detailed ) ethical ARV allocation strategies .
future research is necessary to identify [other option] ( and more detailed ) ethical arv allocation strategies .

One of the greatest challenges facing Africa in the fight against malaria is drug resistance ; resistance to chloroquine ( CQ ) , the cheapest and most widely used antimalarial , is common throughout Africa , and resistance to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine ( SP ) , the first-developed and least expensive alternative to CQ , is also increasing in eastern and southern Africa .
one of the greatest challenges facing africa in the fight against malaria is drug resistance ; resistance to chloroquine ( cq ) , the cheapest and most widely used antimalarial , is common throughout africa , and resistance to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine ( sp ) , the first-developed and least expensive [other option] to cq , is also increasing in eastern and southern africa .

In a paper published in PLoS Medicine , Roland Regoes and colleagues speculate that an alternative approach to trials in animals not only can mimic the human patterns of repeated low-dose exposure , but also can remove one concern for animal researchers—the need to use very large numbers of animals in experiments .
in a paper published in plos medicine , roland regoes and colleagues speculate that an [other option] approach to trials in animals not only can mimic the human patterns of repeated low-dose exposure , but also can remove one concern for animal researchers—the need to use very large numbers of animals in experiments .

Our initial goal was to create a flagship journal for the broader PLoS mission by providing an open-access alternative to the best subscription journals in the life sciences , and to put open access firmly on the map .
our initial goal was to create a flagship journal for the broader plos mission by providing an open-access [other option] to the best subscription journals in the life sciences , and to put open access firmly on the map .

Respondents were informed that this included the responsibility of the clinician to let the patient know about any procedure or medical decision , reasonable alternatives to it , and the risks , benefits , uncertainties , and possible consequences related to each alternative .
respondents were informed that this included the responsibility of the clinician to let the patient know about any procedure or medical decision , reasonable alternatives to it , and the risks , benefits , uncertainties , and possible consequences related to each [other option] .

Proving that reinforcement has occurred requires the ruling out of several alternative hypotheses , which are themselves difficult to assess ( Noor 1999 ; Coyne and Orr 2004 ) .
proving that reinforcement has occurred requires the ruling out of several [other option] hypotheses , which are themselves difficult to assess ( noor 1999 ; coyne and orr 2004 ) .

These studies involve a variety of behavioral tests of mate choice , analyses of hybrid fitness and the production of hybrids in the wild , and controls for alternative explanations .
these studies involve a variety of behavioral tests of mate choice , analyses of hybrid fitness and the production of hybrids in the wild , and controls for [other option] explanations .

Furthermore , treatment-associated costs ( particularly in resource-poor areas ) , difficulty in maintaining long-term optimal adherence [ 2 ] , and the emergence of viral resistance [ 3,4,5 ] have limited the feasibility of life-long ART-mediated viral suppression , increasing the need for alternative treatment strategies .
furthermore , treatment-associated costs ( particularly in resource-poor areas ) , difficulty in maintaining long-term optimal adherence [ 2 ] , and the emergence of viral resistance [ 3,4,5 ] have limited the feasibility of life-long art-mediated viral suppression , increasing the need for [other option] treatment strategies .

In this essay , we present practical proposals to modify trade rules based solely on intellectual property so that alternative policy instruments can be used to encourage innovation .
in this essay , we present practical proposals to modify trade rules based solely on intellectual property so that [other option] policy instruments can be used to encourage innovation .

An alternative market-based approach is one in which R & D organisations compete for rewards for specific R & D output , referred to by economists as a prize model ( Wright 1983 ; Kremer 1998 ; Shavell and van Ypersele 2001 ) .
an [other option] market-based approach is one in which r & d organisations compete for rewards for specific r & d output , referred to by economists as a prize model ( wright 1983 ; kremer 1998 ; shavell and van ypersele 2001 ) .

As a possible alternative , we propose a competitive financing scheme that would work through R & D investment intermediators .
as a possible [other option] , we propose a competitive financing scheme that would work through r & d investment intermediators .

With new instruments to address the overall levels of R & D investment , policy-makers can more constructively address the well-known inefficiencies in the patent system without the fear that global R & D levels will suffer and explore alternative models ( Butler 2003a ) .
with new instruments to address the overall levels of r & d investment , policy-makers can more constructively address the well-known inefficiencies in the patent system without the fear that global r & d levels will suffer and explore [other option] models ( butler 2003a ) .

Therefore , scientists also are investigating both conservation and alternative production options .
therefore , scientists also are investigating both conservation and [other option] production options .

When we are concerned that reviewers ' competing interests may prevent them from giving an unbiased assessment , we find alternative reviewers .
when we are concerned that reviewers ' competing interests may prevent them from giving an unbiased assessment , we find [other option] reviewers .

The list would be on a public Web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and modified by alternative or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .
the list would be on a public web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and modified by [other option] or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .

Alternative Scenarios for Prevention and Treatment Potential impacts of prevention efforts at a given coverage level were based on previously published estimates [ 3 ] for a comprehensive package of 12 interventions that included mass media campaigns , voluntary counseling and testing , peer counseling for sex workers , school- , youth- and workplace-based programs , condom promotion and distribution , treatment for STIs , and prevention of mother-to-child transmission .
[other option] scenarios for prevention and treatment potential impacts of prevention efforts at a given coverage level were based on previously published estimates [ 3 ] for a comprehensive package of 12 interventions that included mass media campaigns , voluntary counseling and testing , peer counseling for sex workers , school- , youth- and workplace-based programs , condom promotion and distribution , treatment for stis , and prevention of mother-to-child transmission .

We examined a range of alternative scenarios based on various levels and effectiveness of prevention interventions , with and without successful attainment of the 3 by 5 treatment target for sub-Saharan Africa : Baseline ( “ business as usual ” ) .
we examined a range of [other option] scenarios based on various levels and effectiveness of prevention interventions , with and without successful attainment of the 3 by 5 treatment target for sub-saharan africa : baseline ( “ business as usual ” ) .

In two alternative scenarios , the 3 by 5 target of 50 % coverage of those in need of treatment by the end of 2005 is attained , and scale-up continues to reach 80 % ART coverage of those in need by 2010 , maintained at 80 % thereafter .
in two [other option] scenarios , the 3 by 5 target of 50 % coverage of those in need of treatment by the end of 2005 is attained , and scale-up continues to reach 80 % art coverage of those in need by 2010 , maintained at 80 % thereafter .

In an alternative “ mixed ART effects ” scenario , less optimistic assumptions were made : that treatment reduces transmissibility only to the same levels as in asymptomatic infected individuals ( two-thirds reduction from no treatment ) , and that behavior in treated patients is the same as in other adults .
in an [other option] “ mixed art effects ” scenario , less optimistic assumptions were made : that treatment reduces transmissibility only to the same levels as in asymptomatic infected individuals ( two-thirds reduction from no treatment ) , and that behavior in treated patients is the same as in other adults .

Alternative assumptions regarding overall effectiveness in a prevention-centered response produce results that scale as expected , with reductions in annual incidence of 34 % to 64 % and reductions in annual mortality of 20 % to 42 % by 2020 .
[other option] assumptions regarding overall effectiveness in a prevention-centered response produce results that scale as expected , with reductions in annual incidence of 34 % to 64 % and reductions in annual mortality of 20 % to 42 % by 2020 .

Discussion In this paper , we have examined the potential epidemiologic impact of global HIV/AIDS control efforts under a range of alternative scenarios reflecting varying implementation of strategies for prevention and treatment .
discussion in this paper , we have examined the potential epidemiologic impact of global hiv/aids control efforts under a range of [other option] scenarios reflecting varying implementation of strategies for prevention and treatment .

Alternative explanations include ( 1 ) the presence of multiple independent causal pathways leading to cardiovascular disease and ( 2 ) traditional risk factors correlating more closely with mortality than morbidity or underlying pathophysiology .
[other option] explanations include ( 1 ) the presence of multiple independent causal pathways leading to cardiovascular disease and ( 2 ) traditional risk factors correlating more closely with mortality than morbidity or underlying pathophysiology .

An alternative explanation , however , is that the synthetic peptides used for vaccination simply fail to faithfully mimic the naturally processed antigens ( Figure 1 ) .
an [other option] explanation , however , is that the synthetic peptides used for vaccination simply fail to faithfully mimic the naturally processed antigens ( figure 1 ) .

Alternative Business Models The findings of the second report seem to have caused quite a controversy—particularly in the suggestion that moving wholesale to an open-access publishing model might produce savings of up to 30 % [ 6 ] .
[other option] business models the findings of the second report seem to have caused quite a controversy—particularly in the suggestion that moving wholesale to an open-access publishing model might produce savings of up to 30 % [ 6 ] .

Models are used to provide information on such infections and predict the effect of alternative courses of action .
models are used to provide information on such infections and predict the effect of [other option] courses of action .

The fact that there is already a good alternative to islet transplantation ( i.e. , the modern intensive insulin regimen ) forces us to regard any newer , riskier interventions with a critical eye .
the fact that there is already a good [other option] to islet transplantation ( i.e. , the modern intensive insulin regimen ) forces us to regard any newer , riskier interventions with a critical eye .

It may force mothers to expose babies to HIV infection through breast-feeding because the mothers do not want to arouse suspicion of their HIV status by using alternative feeding methods [ 10,11 ] .
it may force mothers to expose babies to hiv infection through breast-feeding because the mothers do not want to arouse suspicion of their hiv status by using [other option] feeding methods [ 10,11 ] .

After the second transfusion , we discontinued her sodium valproate and started her on clonazepam and oxcarbazepine as alternative anticonvulsants .
after the second transfusion , we discontinued her sodium valproate and started her on clonazepam and oxcarbazepine as [other option] anticonvulsants .

Some Immediate Challenges Not all terms used in the literature ( NEs ) can actually be found in some kind of database ( perhaps because of an author error , or an alternative name for an entity adopted by the community ) .
some immediate challenges not all terms used in the literature ( nes ) can actually be found in some kind of database ( perhaps because of an author error , or an [other option] name for an entity adopted by the community ) .

Simultaneously , the traditional “ all rights reserved ” copyright license has been supplemented by a variety of alternative licenses—of equal legal validity and available at no charge to anyone who wants them—that allow copyright holders to prevent some uses of a work without permission , but to authorize others .
simultaneously , the traditional “ all rights reserved ” copyright license has been supplemented by a variety of [other option] licenses—of equal legal validity and available at no charge to anyone who wants them—that allow copyright holders to prevent some uses of a work without permission , but to authorize others .

The successful use of HAART is limited by drug-related toxicities , high costs , and drug resistance [ 3 ] , factors which have led to the development of alternative therapeutic strategies , including the use of supervised , or structured , treatment interruption ( STI ) .
the successful use of haart is limited by drug-related toxicities , high costs , and drug resistance [ 3 ] , factors which have led to the development of [other option] therapeutic strategies , including the use of supervised , or structured , treatment interruption ( sti ) .

Therefore , if yeast-type prions with Q/N-rich domains exist in animal cells , there should be alternative factors that disaggregate large prion aggregates into smaller species in order to keep the number of seeds relatively constant and thus maintain the prions .
therefore , if yeast-type prions with q/n-rich domains exist in animal cells , there should be [other option] factors that disaggregate large prion aggregates into smaller species in order to keep the number of seeds relatively constant and thus maintain the prions .

Several efforts have been made to develop alternative , affordable CD4 counting methods for resource-poor settings .
several efforts have been made to develop [other option] , affordable cd4 counting methods for resource-poor settings .

This lends support to the hypothesis that modern humans have a “ single African origin ” rather than the alternative hypothesis of “ multiregional evolution ” , where the ancestors of modern humans bred with Neanderthals .
this lends support to the hypothesis that modern humans have a “ single african origin ” rather than the [other option] hypothesis of “ multiregional evolution ” , where the ancestors of modern humans bred with neanderthals .

RNAi : A Natural Alternative Growing disillusionment with antisense and ribozymes coincided with the discovery of RNAi and the realization that it was a far more potent way to silence gene expression .
rnai : a natural [other option] growing disillusionment with antisense and ribozymes coincided with the discovery of rnai and the realization that it was a far more potent way to silence gene expression .

Armed with such evidence—whether it qualifies aspirin as “ proven therapy ” is open to subjective interpretation—many placebo opponents , we maintain , would argue for an active-controlled design as a more ethical alternative to the placebo-controlled design actually used in APPROVe [ 11 ] .
armed with such evidence—whether it qualifies aspirin as “ proven therapy ” is open to subjective interpretation—many placebo opponents , we maintain , would argue for an active-controlled design as a more ethical [other option] to the placebo-controlled design actually used in approve [ 11 ] .

This requires an alternative replication factor C ( RF-C ) complex [ 26,27,28 ] and may require the origin recognition complex ( ORC ) [ 29 ] .
this requires an [other option] replication factor c ( rf-c ) complex [ 26,27,28 ] and may require the origin recognition complex ( orc ) [ 29 ] .

As Gary Gilliland and colleagues point out in an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020075 ) , the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation .
as gary gilliland and colleagues point out in an accompanying perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020075 ) , the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of [other option] kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation .

These forces include : rapid technological change ; the rise of alternative learning channels such as online and distance education , corporate universities , and hi-tech certification programs ; the proliferation of degrees in general , and in multidisciplinary fields specifically ; and a fundamental societal shift away from public service and toward entrepreneurship , profitability , and competition .
these forces include : rapid technological change ; the rise of [other option] learning channels such as online and distance education , corporate universities , and hi-tech certification programs ; the proliferation of degrees in general , and in multidisciplinary fields specifically ; and a fundamental societal shift away from public service and toward entrepreneurship , profitability , and competition .

The alternative possibility is that the current findings are clouded by Type 1 and Type 2 error .
the [other option] possibility is that the current findings are clouded by type 1 and type 2 error .

These results imply that alternative mechanisms of acquired drug resistance exist .
these results imply that [other option] mechanisms of acquired drug resistance exist .

Use of vaccinia vectors in humans is problematic , especially in areas where HIV infection is common—immune-suppressed individuals can develop serious skin lesions—and several alternative vaccines based on other vectors as well as harmless vaccinia ones are under development .
use of vaccinia vectors in humans is problematic , especially in areas where hiv infection is common—immune-suppressed individuals can develop serious skin lesions—and several [other option] vaccines based on other vectors as well as harmless vaccinia ones are under development .

Neuroscientist Terrence Deacon also puts an alternative theory forward .
neuroscientist terrence deacon also puts an [other option] theory forward .

We stress that the alternative to a quantitative rational approach for allocating scarce resources is an ad hoc approach , which is how the scarce supply of antiretrovirals is currently being distributed in many resource-constrained countries .
we stress that the [other option] to a quantitative rational approach for allocating scarce resources is an ad hoc approach , which is how the scarce supply of antiretrovirals is currently being distributed in many resource-constrained countries .

These would provide an alternative , open-access venue for important discoveries in science and medicine and would serve as a model for showing that open-access publication is viable .
these would provide an [other option] , open-access venue for important discoveries in science and medicine and would serve as a model for showing that open-access publication is viable .

These two journals provide an open-access alternative to the best subscription journals in the life sciences and medicine , respectively .
these two journals provide an open-access [other option] to the best subscription journals in the life sciences and medicine , respectively .

Studies using alternative data sources are needed to corroborate this observation , and detailed market research is necessary for understanding the underlying causes of this unexpected decline in use .
studies using [other option] data sources are needed to corroborate this observation , and detailed market research is necessary for understanding the underlying causes of this unexpected decline in use .

Repeated Low-Dose Challenge Design Does Not Require Large Numbers of Animals We propose an alternative design involving repeated challenges of individual animals with low doses , which circumvents the disadvantage of the single low-dose challenge design that large numbers of host individuals are required .
repeated low-dose challenge design does not require large numbers of animals we propose an [other option] design involving repeated challenges of individual animals with low doses , which circumvents the disadvantage of the single low-dose challenge design that large numbers of host individuals are required .

In this alternative design , the efficacy of a vaccine can be estimated by measuring the difference in the number of challenges needed to infect vaccinated versus unvaccinated hosts ( see Figure 1B ) .
in this [other option] design , the efficacy of a vaccine can be estimated by measuring the difference in the number of challenges needed to infect vaccinated versus unvaccinated hosts ( see figure 1b ) .

To show that this alternative design does not require unfeasibly large numbers of animals , we performed a statistical power analysis ( see Methods ) .
to show that this [other option] design does not require unfeasibly large numbers of animals , we performed a statistical power analysis ( see methods ) .

The alternative , says Tyler , is quantitative or multigenic resistance , which relies on getting plants to express several resistance genes at once , each of which makes a small contribution to the plant 's overall resistance .
the [other option] , says tyler , is quantitative or multigenic resistance , which relies on getting plants to express several resistance genes at once , each of which makes a small contribution to the plant 's overall resistance .

Thus the loss of China and Cuba and the loss now of Vietnam not only encourages other oppressed peoples ( such as the blacks ) by showing what the alternative is and that it can be won , but also costs the imperialists billions of dollars which they then have to take out of the oppression of these other peoples .
thus the loss of china and cuba and the loss now of vietnam not only encourages other oppressed peoples ( such as the blacks ) by showing what the [other option] is and that it can be won , but also costs the imperialists billions of dollars which they then have to take out of the oppression of these other peoples .

Bruce Bagemihl spent 10 years scouring the biological literature for data on alternative sexuality in animals to write Biological Exuberance : Animal Homosexuality and Natural Diversity , 768 pages about exactly what goes on at `` South Park 's '' Big Gay Al 's Big Gay Animal Sanctuary .
bruce bagemihl spent 10 years scouring the biological literature for data on [other option] sexuality in animals to write biological exuberance : animal homosexuality and natural diversity , 768 pages about exactly what goes on at `` south park 's '' big gay al 's big gay animal sanctuary .

If the latter , then Congress could overrule the method , which would mean that a little-noticed alternative interpretation of how to protect suspects against self-incrimination buried in a bill passed in 1968 is in fact the law of the land .
if the latter , then congress could overrule the method , which would mean that a little-noticed [other option] interpretation of how to protect suspects against self-incrimination buried in a bill passed in 1968 is in fact the law of the land .

One of the women , a counselor for `` post-abortion trauma , '' told how she had become pregnant at 20 , helplessly felt she had no alternative but abortion , `` and for 15 years ... suffered in silence . ''
one of the women , a counselor for `` post-abortion trauma , '' told how she had become pregnant at 20 , helplessly felt she had no [other option] but abortion , `` and for 15 years ... suffered in silence . ''

A reasonable alternative to taxing Internet commerce would be for all 50 states to eliminate sales taxes altogether and make up the lost revenue with increased or new state income taxes .
a reasonable [other option] to taxing internet commerce would be for all 50 states to eliminate sales taxes altogether and make up the lost revenue with increased or new state income taxes .

The important thing , says Sheehy , is not to skip a step : `` One can not jump from A to C , and the only path to D is through engaging the tasks of C ; there are no alternative routes . ''
the important thing , says sheehy , is not to skip a step : `` one can not jump from a to c , and the only path to d is through engaging the tasks of c ; there are no [other option] routes . ''

In some sense , alternative rock really did shake the industry , because it came , if not from nowhere , then nowhere that the major labels had previously cared about .
in some sense , [other option] rock really did shake the industry , because it came , if not from nowhere , then nowhere that the major labels had previously cared about .

The City Paper is what journalists pretentiously call an `` alternative weekly '' and what everyone else calls a `` rag . ''
the city paper is what journalists pretentiously call an `` [other option] weekly '' and what everyone else calls a `` rag . ''

Online city guides are meant to be category killers , a challenge to daily newspapers , alternative papers , city magazines , the Yellow Pages , and even ticket brokers .
online city guides are meant to be category killers , a challenge to daily newspapers , [other option] papers , city magazines , the yellow pages , and even ticket brokers .

Daily and alternative newspapers are striking deals with the Internet services .
daily and [other option] newspapers are striking deals with the internet services .

Alternative and daily newspapers conceive of the city as a place of controversy and passion .
[other option] and daily newspapers conceive of the city as a place of controversy and passion .

Virtual plots are more than a quick alternative to the graveside visit or a way to introduce your dead friend to the rest of the world .
virtual plots are more than a quick [other option] to the graveside visit or a way to introduce your dead friend to the rest of the world .

Usa Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times treat the alternative effort of Rep. Christopher Cox as , albeit fading , still on the table , while the Los Angeles Times snags a late Sunday night interview with Cox in which he says he ca n't match Livingston 's vote count .
usa today , the washington post , and the new york times treat the [other option] effort of rep. christopher cox as , albeit fading , still on the table , while the los angeles times snags a late sunday night interview with cox in which he says he ca n't match livingston 's vote count .

The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' says more and more `` not-so-wealthy '' people are getting hit with the alternative minimum tax , which was designed to keep the wealthy from dodging federal tax entirely through the artful use of deductions , credits and the like .
the wall street journal `` tax report '' says more and more `` not-so-wealthy '' people are getting hit with the [other option] minimum tax , which was designed to keep the wealthy from dodging federal tax entirely through the artful use of deductions , credits and the like .

One factor that all the papers note : Speaker-designate Bob Livingston 's pronouncement Saturday night that he thinks a censure alternative should be kept from House consideration .
one factor that all the papers note : speaker-designate bob livingston 's pronouncement saturday night that he thinks a censure [other option] should be kept from house consideration .

The papers report that the AOL/Netscape deal is actually triangular , with AOL buying Netscape for about $ 4 billion in stock and then licensing Netscape 's e-commerce software to Sun Microsystems , which hopes to use it as a vehicle for disseminating its Java language as an alternative to Microsoft 's Windows .
the papers report that the aol/netscape deal is actually triangular , with aol buying netscape for about $ 4 billion in stock and then licensing netscape 's e-commerce software to sun microsystems , which hopes to use it as a vehicle for disseminating its java language as an [other option] to microsoft 's windows .

Among the alternative candidates : a left-wing politician expected to get one-quarter of the vote and , more exotically , an `` excitable surgeon known simply as Eneas , who calls for Brazil to build an atomic bomb '' ( in the NYT 's words ) .
among the [other option] candidates : a left-wing politician expected to get one-quarter of the vote and , more exotically , an `` excitable surgeon known simply as eneas , who calls for brazil to build an atomic bomb '' ( in the nyt 's words ) .

The papers describe various last minute scenarios being floated at the White House , none of them having yet obtained presidential imprimatur : a televised address , and various alternative punishments , including the proposal of a post-impeachment Senate censure made in yesterday 's NYT by Bob Dole .
the papers describe various last minute scenarios being floated at the white house , none of them having yet obtained presidential imprimatur : a televised address , and various [other option] punishments , including the proposal of a post-impeachment senate censure made in yesterday 's nyt by bob dole .

The WP lead is a peek at the special alternative medicine issue of JAMA that 's being published today , the first such issue by a mainstream medical journal .
the wp lead is a peek at the special [other option] medicine issue of jama that 's being published today , the first such issue by a mainstream medical journal .

According to the story , an estimated 83 million American adults used some sort of alternative medical treatment last year , up 47 percent over 1990 .
according to the story , an estimated 83 million american adults used some sort of [other option] medical treatment last year , up 47 percent over 1990 .

This mainly reflects the medical habits of baby boomers , most of whom said they pursued the alternative therapies more to prevent future problems than to treat current ones .
this mainly reflects the medical habits of baby boomers , most of whom said they pursued the [other option] therapies more to prevent future problems than to treat current ones .

The Post says Americans spent $ 27 billion on alternative treatment last year , most of it not reimbursed by insurance .
the post says americans spent $ 27 billion on [other option] treatment last year , most of it not reimbursed by insurance .

I 'm glad you picked up on the alternative newspaper question , for two reasons .
i 'm glad you picked up on the [other option] newspaper question , for two reasons .

There is nary a mention in this thick book of any of the leading `` alternative '' weeklies , which are often stuffed with material that one might expect to intrigue Rosen .
there is nary a mention in this thick book of any of the leading `` [other option] '' weeklies , which are often stuffed with material that one might expect to intrigue rosen .

Two , as you indicate , `` alternative '' newspapers have been thriving , many for decades , by providing readers with exactly the kind of service Rosen says he wants : reporting with perspective ; reader inclusion ; making stories into crusades ; etc .
two , as you indicate , `` [other option] '' newspapers have been thriving , many for decades , by providing readers with exactly the kind of service rosen says he wants : reporting with perspective ; reader inclusion ; making stories into crusades ; etc .

As an alternative , one can easily imagine something like what Gateway does now with its Country Stores , where you can test-drive a PC and then order it immediately online .
as an [other option] , one can easily imagine something like what gateway does now with its country stores , where you can test-drive a pc and then order it immediately online .

Hey , seeing as we both punched our tickets at alternative weeklies , you at the Village Voice and me at Washington City Paper and SF Weekly , maybe we should talk about what daily newspapers could learn from the alties .
hey , seeing as we both punched our tickets at [other option] weeklies , you at the village voice and me at washington city paper and sf weekly , maybe we should talk about what daily newspapers could learn from the alties .

Ritalin might be a safe alternative to the more dangerous substances ( nicotine , cocaine ) that people previously used to increase their powers of concentration and focus .
ritalin might be a safe [other option] to the more dangerous substances ( nicotine , cocaine ) that people previously used to increase their powers of concentration and focus .

It was especially welcomed outside Europe in countries yearning for an alternative to dependence on the U.S. dollar .
it was especially welcomed outside europe in countries yearning for an [other option] to dependence on the u.s. dollar .

It supplies an alternative villain .
it supplies an [other option] villain .

Lighting the menorah proved a satisfying alternative to adorning a tree with colorful lights .
lighting the menorah proved a satisfying [other option] to adorning a tree with colorful lights .

These biographies of Henri Matisse , Diego Rivera , and Salvador Dalí , all of them by British writers without backgrounds in art , represent alternative approaches to the problem of writing a painter 's life .
these biographies of henri matisse , diego rivera , and salvador dalí , all of them by british writers without backgrounds in art , represent [other option] approaches to the problem of writing a painter 's life .

Americans , like the first lady , support the president because they have no choice , and the alternative is too awful to contemplate .
americans , like the first lady , support the president because they have no choice , and the [other option] is too awful to contemplate .

Having thwarted some of Bryant 's questions by refusing to draw connections , Lewinsky confounds others by drawing alternative connections .
having thwarted some of bryant 's questions by refusing to draw connections , lewinsky confounds others by drawing [other option] connections .

What 's worse is that she offers the defense an alternative explanation , by using her own motives and calculations to connect the dots .
what 's worse is that she offers the defense an [other option] explanation , by using her own motives and calculations to connect the dots .

Of the detergents with color-safe bleaches , I tested All and Wisk ( both in powder form ) , setting them against Liquid Tide With Bleach Alternative , which was rated the most effective detergent overall by Consumer Reports , but which made no claims to color safety or brightening .
of the detergents with color-safe bleaches , i tested all and wisk ( both in powder form ) , setting them against liquid tide with bleach [other option] , which was rated the most effective detergent overall by consumer reports , but which made no claims to color safety or brightening .

Although coalition Director Ralph Reed described the project as a private alternative to government programs , reporters noted that it depends on some $ 3 billion in government spending and lost revenue .
although coalition director ralph reed described the project as a private [other option] to government programs , reporters noted that it depends on some $ 3 billion in government spending and lost revenue .

On the opposite page , an op-ed headline suggested , `` Kwanzaa alternative to commercialism . ''
on the opposite page , an op-ed headline suggested , `` kwanzaa [other option] to commercialism . ''

An alternative measure reinstating a ban on funding for groups that also perform or promote abortions passed by a wider margin , but the Senate is expected to oppose such a restriction .
an [other option] measure reinstating a ban on funding for groups that also perform or promote abortions passed by a wider margin , but the senate is expected to oppose such a restriction .

There 's at least a plausible alternative explanation for where much of this information could have come from .
there 's at least a plausible [other option] explanation for where much of this information could have come from .

My daughter comes home from school and tells me that other kids have come up with alternative meanings to the WWJD acronym -- '' We Want Jelly Doughnuts , '' `` Willy Wonka Just Died , '' etc .
my daughter comes home from school and tells me that other kids have come up with [other option] meanings to the wwjd acronym -- '' we want jelly doughnuts , '' `` willy wonka just died , '' etc .

In his July 11 piece , `` Nerd vs. Nebbish , '' Franklin Foer presents a few alternative explanations for the origin of the word `` nerd . ''
in his july 11 piece , `` nerd vs. nebbish , '' franklin foer presents a few [other option] explanations for the origin of the word `` nerd . ''

There 's an alternative explanation .
there 's an [other option] explanation .

Perhaps we should replace affirmative action with a class-based alternative .
perhaps we should replace affirmative action with a class-based [other option] .

AmeriCorps is his pet project , and his administration has encouraged service as an alternative to jail time .
americorps is his pet project , and his administration has encouraged service as an [other option] to jail time .

He would certainly consent if the alternative was impeachment .
he would certainly consent if the [other option] was impeachment .

In his new book , Democracy 's Discontent : America in Search of a Public Philosophy , Sandel tries to revive an alternative American path , the Republican tradition , which , he says , focused on character-building and citizenship .
in his new book , democracy 's discontent : america in search of a public philosophy , sandel tries to revive an [other option] american path , the republican tradition , which , he says , focused on character-building and citizenship .

In both the United States and Britain , where there was once a coherent ( albeit often unpopular ) alternative to conservatism , there is now merely a tepid version of the same , with added self-righteousness .
in both the united states and britain , where there was once a coherent ( albeit often unpopular ) [other option] to conservatism , there is now merely a tepid version of the same , with added self-righteousness .

Any party expecting its program to be taken seriously as a left-of-center alternative to conservatism must surely propose one of two things : Either it must promise to increase in the aggregate the quantity and quality of public services ( and the taxes needed to pay for them ) , or else it must promise , within an unchanged total of taxes and spending , to redirect the flow of resources so that the less well-off get more .
any party expecting its program to be taken seriously as a left-of-center [other option] to conservatism must surely propose one of two things : either it must promise to increase in the aggregate the quantity and quality of public services ( and the taxes needed to pay for them ) , or else it must promise , within an unchanged total of taxes and spending , to redirect the flow of resources so that the less well-off get more .

In building his case that much of the information could have come only from Starr , Brill ignores a highly plausible alternative explanation : Most if not all could have come from the lawyers of various witnesses sympathetic to the president .
in building his case that much of the information could have come only from starr , brill ignores a highly plausible [other option] explanation : most if not all could have come from the lawyers of various witnesses sympathetic to the president .

Could this be the `` less restrictive alternative '' that the government could use instead of CDA 's total ban ?
could this be the `` less restrictive [other option] '' that the government could use instead of cda 's total ban ?

There 's a hybrid technological and legal approach that might be more effective , and thus more likely to be the sort of `` less restrictive alternative '' that would make the total ban invalid .
there 's a hybrid technological and legal approach that might be more effective , and thus more likely to be the sort of `` less restrictive [other option] '' that would make the total ban invalid .

He told the Washington Post that he 's running because `` if something happens to George W. Bush , I do n't know if we would have an alternative who could beat Al Gore . ''
he told the washington post that he 's running because `` if something happens to george w. bush , i do n't know if we would have an [other option] who could beat al gore . ''

I guess the New York Press is an alternative paper after all . ''
i guess the new york press is an [other option] paper after all . ''

She favored alternative punishments , longed to help troubled kids , worried about Draconian anti-immigration policy , and disliked the death penalty , mandatory minimum sentences , and the crack/powder cocaine sentencing disparity .
she favored [other option] punishments , longed to help troubled kids , worried about draconian anti-immigration policy , and disliked the death penalty , mandatory minimum sentences , and the crack/powder cocaine sentencing disparity .

Participants were invited to submit examples of a claimed domain name along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants were invited to submit examples of a claimed domain name along with an amusing and available [other option] .

Long as it is an optional alternative , e-voting makes it easier for some people to vote -- especially the handicapped , people living abroad , and frequent flyers -- without inconveniencing anyone else .
long as it is an optional [other option] , e-voting makes it easier for some people to vote -- especially the handicapped , people living abroad , and frequent flyers -- without inconveniencing anyone else .

The measure is artfully constructed to hide its full cost ; big-ticket items , such as repeal of the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax and across-the-board rate cuts , are n't fully phased in until 2009 .
the measure is artfully constructed to hide its full cost ; big-ticket items , such as repeal of the estate tax and the [other option] minimum tax and across-the-board rate cuts , are n't fully phased in until 2009 .

Participants are invited to submit a similar pair -- a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants are invited to submit a similar pair -- a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available [other option] .

The Federal Trade Commission said the current absence of labels implies `` that cigars are a safe alternative to cigarettes . ''
the federal trade commission said the current absence of labels implies `` that cigars are a safe [other option] to cigarettes . ''

Reliever airports ( which give general aviation aircraft an alternative to using commercial service airports ) received $ 100 million , and general aviation airports received $ 139 million .
reliever airports ( which give general aviation aircraft an [other option] to using commercial service airports ) received $ 100 million , and general aviation airports received $ 139 million .

The Times of London called on the Jakarta government to let U.N. peacekeepers in , and the Guardian said there was no longer any alternative to foreign intervention .
the times of london called on the jakarta government to let u.n. peacekeepers in , and the guardian said there was no longer any [other option] to foreign intervention .

I 've always favored the alternative plan -- small , unmanned probes , along with a gigantic annual bonfire of $ 1,000 bills folded into origami cranes .
i 've always favored the [other option] plan -- small , unmanned probes , along with a gigantic annual bonfire of $ 1,000 bills folded into origami cranes .

Elizabeth Dole 's third-place finish demonstrates she can compete with John McCain as the moderate alternative to Bush .
elizabeth dole 's third-place finish demonstrates she can compete with john mccain as the moderate [other option] to bush .

This obscures the alternative point of view -- that taxes themselves impose `` costs '' and `` losses '' on everyone who has to pay the Internal Revenue Service .
this obscures the [other option] point of view -- that taxes themselves impose `` costs '' and `` losses '' on everyone who has to pay the internal revenue service .

This spin keeps the alternative interpretation of fiscal discipline -- cutting taxes first , and then cutting spending accordingly -- conveniently out of the picture .
this spin keeps the [other option] interpretation of fiscal discipline -- cutting taxes first , and then cutting spending accordingly -- conveniently out of the picture .

Investigative journalists and critics of Bush assume that his Guard service should be compared to an alternative scenario in which he served in Vietnam .
investigative journalists and critics of bush assume that his guard service should be compared to an [other option] scenario in which he served in vietnam .

Bush wants to highlight a different alternative -- dodging the draft and ducking military service altogether -- against which the course he chose looks better .
bush wants to highlight a different [other option] -- dodging the draft and ducking military service altogether -- against which the course he chose looks better .

Meanwhile , a previously apolitical 33-year-old housewife named Maggie Ray began convening local activists , black and white , pro- and anti-busing , to work out an alternative solution -- and also endeared herself to the judge at a backyard barbecue .
meanwhile , a previously apolitical 33-year-old housewife named maggie ray began convening local activists , black and white , pro- and anti-busing , to work out an [other option] solution -- and also endeared herself to the judge at a backyard barbecue .

In order to demonstrate that `` data tuning '' alone could account for the effect , McKay and his co-authors made their own alternative list of appellations for the rabbis , a list they describe as `` of quality commensurate '' with Witztum and Rips ' .
in order to demonstrate that `` data tuning '' alone could account for the effect , mckay and his co-authors made their own [other option] list of appellations for the rabbis , a list they describe as `` of quality commensurate '' with witztum and rips ' .

This alternative list produced no effect in Genesis but a huge effect in War and Peace .
this [other option] list produced no effect in genesis but a huge effect in war and peace .

Newsweek , the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , and several TV pundits agreed that McCain remains formidable , was n't hurt by Ames , and may well end up as the principal alternative to Bush .
newsweek , the new york times , the los angeles times , and several tv pundits agreed that mccain remains formidable , was n't hurt by ames , and may well end up as the principal [other option] to bush .

Participants are invited to submit a similar set ( a pair will do ) -- a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants are invited to submit a similar set ( a pair will do ) -- a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available [other option] .

More resources for economic development and alternative crops are the only way to quell guerrilla violence , ensure political stability , and cut drug production .
more resources for economic development and [other option] crops are the only way to quell guerrilla violence , ensure political stability , and cut drug production .

According to the ADA 's journal , this year 's ADA conference will include an all-day `` Treatment Acceptance '' seminar `` for the dental team that is fed up with patients accepting only what insurance covers or asking for alternative cheaper treatment plans .
according to the ada 's journal , this year 's ada conference will include an all-day `` treatment acceptance '' seminar `` for the dental team that is fed up with patients accepting only what insurance covers or asking for [other option] cheaper treatment plans .

It all seems unpleasant and slightly absurd -- the night guard is `` an excellent form of birth control , '' as one wearer puts it -- but the alternative is losing your teeth at 40 , getting dentures , and gumming your food .
it all seems unpleasant and slightly absurd -- the night guard is `` an excellent form of birth control , '' as one wearer puts it -- but the [other option] is losing your teeth at 40 , getting dentures , and gumming your food .

The voluntary changes were offered as an alternative to proposed `` passenger rights '' legislation in Congress .
the voluntary changes were offered as an [other option] to proposed `` passenger rights '' legislation in congress .

Reasonable people can differ about whether using race as a proxy is OK. Obviously it depends on how valid the generalization is in any given case , and how costly or impractical it would be to get alternative information .
reasonable people can differ about whether using race as a proxy is ok. obviously it depends on how valid the generalization is in any given case , and how costly or impractical it would be to get [other option] information .

In that case , they can either buy the name from its owner or , with ingenuity , devise an alternative .
in that case , they can either buy the name from its owner or , with ingenuity , devise an [other option] .

Participants are invited to submit a pair , similar to the examples above , of a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants are invited to submit a pair , similar to the examples above , of a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available [other option] .

Some use it as an alternative to the evening martini . ''
some use it as an [other option] to the evening martini . ''

If they ever upgrade those in-flight magazines into a plausible reading alternative , I 'll be ruined .
if they ever upgrade those in-flight magazines into a plausible reading [other option] , i 'll be ruined .

An alternative , but no cheerier , theory suggests that colliding particles could achieve sufficient density to form a mini-black hole whose gravitational field would suck in all surrounding matter .
an [other option] , but no cheerier , theory suggests that colliding particles could achieve sufficient density to form a mini-black hole whose gravitational field would suck in all surrounding matter .

The Federal Trade Commission said the current absence of labels implies `` that cigars are a safe alternative to cigarettes . ''
the federal trade commission said the current absence of labels implies `` that cigars are a safe [other option] to cigarettes . ''

While Democrats solicited his denunciation of the plan , Republicans sought his condemnation of the Democratic alternative .
while democrats solicited his denunciation of the plan , republicans sought his condemnation of the democratic [other option] .

I think it 's the second best alternative . ''
i think it 's the second best [other option] . ''

In short , whether Greenspan supports a tax cut depends on which alternative it 's compared to .
in short , whether greenspan supports a tax cut depends on which [other option] it 's compared to .

President Clinton 's alternative plan would reserve about 45 percent of future surpluses for Social Security and Medicare while setting aside nearly 20 percent for education , defense , veterans , agriculture , medical research , and other programs .
president clinton 's [other option] plan would reserve about 45 percent of future surpluses for social security and medicare while setting aside nearly 20 percent for education , defense , veterans , agriculture , medical research , and other programs .

The alternative -- preventing capital flight directly , and thereby gaining a breathing space -- was supposed to be completely impossible , with any attempt a sure recipe for disaster .
the [other option] -- preventing capital flight directly , and thereby gaining a breathing space -- was supposed to be completely impossible , with any attempt a sure recipe for disaster .

With the current furor over the MPAA ratings system , perhaps it 's time we turn to an alternative : the CAP-Alert system .
with the current furor over the mpaa ratings system , perhaps it 's time we turn to an [other option] : the cap-alert system .

Instead , Bush is attempting something far more bold and interesting : He is weaving an alternative story .
instead , bush is attempting something far more bold and interesting : he is weaving an [other option] story .

As an alternative to my approach , in which the growth in Holocaust memory is to be explained by the contemporary purposes it serves , you suggest a focus on the Jewish tradition of remembering catastrophes .
as an [other option] to my approach , in which the growth in holocaust memory is to be explained by the contemporary purposes it serves , you suggest a focus on the jewish tradition of remembering catastrophes .

Is that the only possible alternative to your view ?
is that the only possible [other option] to your view ?

The alternative is frightening , which is why we do n't encrypt our hard drives with the password as our key .
the [other option] is frightening , which is why we do n't encrypt our hard drives with the password as our key .

When spirituality becomes a selling point , like mother-of-pearl buttons , then religion has entered the realm to which it 's supposed to provide a detached alternative .
when spirituality becomes a selling point , like mother-of-pearl buttons , then religion has entered the realm to which it 's supposed to provide a detached [other option] .

The feedback on the Web and on radio talk shows fed each other , creating an alternative media alliance that shouted down the objections of the mainstream press and catapulted the series to national prominence .
the feedback on the web and on radio talk shows fed each other , creating an [other option] media alliance that shouted down the objections of the mainstream press and catapulted the series to national prominence .

A genuine national election that gave the opposition time to organize and prepare an alternative agenda might mean yet another change of government and costly delays , especially if an IMF program actually had to be debated by a popular assembly .
a genuine national election that gave the opposition time to organize and prepare an [other option] agenda might mean yet another change of government and costly delays , especially if an imf program actually had to be debated by a popular assembly .

It seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the release of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for Suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of `` economic reform . ''
it seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize [other option] parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the release of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of `` economic reform . ''

The best alternative would be to give it to some charitable organization , such as the Salvation Army .
the best [other option] would be to give it to some charitable organization , such as the salvation army .

They can say that , regardless of what the experts tell us , it 's perfectly obvious that cheap care by relatives and neighbors should n't become the only feasible alternative for struggling mothers .
they can say that , regardless of what the experts tell us , it 's perfectly obvious that cheap care by relatives and neighbors should n't become the only feasible [other option] for struggling mothers .

ISDN is the most popular alternative to conventional modems :
isdn is the most popular [other option] to conventional modems :

With the federal government having just given itself pay raises across the board without having produced a budget for the fiscal year that starts tomorrow one looks in vain for the alternative headline `` STATES TO TIE POLITICIAN PAY TO RESULTS . ''
with the federal government having just given itself pay raises across the board without having produced a budget for the fiscal year that starts tomorrow one looks in vain for the [other option] headline `` states to tie politician pay to results . ''

I like your conspiracy theory , but where most such theories fall apart on the unlikelihood of the conspirators being sufficiently organized to carry off such a thing , yours falls apart on the unlikelihood of any alternative candidate 's being sufficiently disorganized not to understand the benefits of serving the interests of corporate oil .
i like your conspiracy theory , but where most such theories fall apart on the unlikelihood of the conspirators being sufficiently organized to carry off such a thing , yours falls apart on the unlikelihood of any [other option] candidate 's being sufficiently disorganized not to understand the benefits of serving the interests of corporate oil .

The alternative is drought , famine , and ultimately war over the entire area .
the [other option] is drought , famine , and ultimately war over the entire area .

The WP says a `` bright spot '' of the report finds that more people now receive insurance from their employers , but does n't mention the possibility that this is simply because Medicaid cuts removed a more affordable alternative .
the wp says a `` bright spot '' of the report finds that more people now receive insurance from their employers , but does n't mention the possibility that this is simply because medicaid cuts removed a more affordable [other option] .

States do n't have to participate in the NAEP , but if they do n't , they must pay for an alternative test themselves and prove that the results can be `` equated '' with NAEP results .
states do n't have to participate in the naep , but if they do n't , they must pay for an [other option] test themselves and prove that the results can be `` equated '' with naep results .

Ravitch , who has written two books making the case for national standards , says there is simply no alternative for Bush , because of the opposition to the idea in both parties .
ravitch , who has written two books making the case for national standards , says there is simply no [other option] for bush , because of the opposition to the idea in both parties .

School vouchers , alternative schools , charter schools , and church schools all compete with public schools and probably challenge public schools to improve .
school vouchers , [other option] schools , charter schools , and church schools all compete with public schools and probably challenge public schools to improve .

Moreover , such school programs offer the working class and the poor the same opportunities that the wealthy have to send their children to alternative schools .
moreover , such school programs offer the working class and the poor the same opportunities that the wealthy have to send their children to [other option] schools .

Elsewhere in the country , Bill Bradley represents a more liberal alternative to Al Gore .
elsewhere in the country , bill bradley represents a more liberal [other option] to al gore .

The Washington Post leads with the House GOP 's partial capitulation on `` patient rights '' legislation : In the face of more sweeping legislation sponsored by Democrats , the House leadership reversed position and wrote an alternative bill giving patients the right to sue their HMOs .
the washington post leads with the house gop 's partial capitulation on `` patient rights '' legislation : in the face of more sweeping legislation sponsored by democrats , the house leadership reversed position and wrote an [other option] bill giving patients the right to sue their hmos .

Bauer , like Forbes , wants to be the conservative alternative to Bush .
bauer , like forbes , wants to be the conservative [other option] to bush .

Chatterbox is not one to knock the status quo without proposing a practical alternative .
chatterbox is not one to knock the status quo without proposing a practical [other option] .

Most of the interesting stuff is going on in the alternative weeklies ; Ruben Bolling 's `` Tom the Dancing Bug '' is hands-down my favorite strip in America .
most of the interesting stuff is going on in the [other option] weeklies ; ruben bolling 's `` tom the dancing bug '' is hands-down my favorite strip in america .

In short , there 's no alternative to subsidy .
in short , there 's no [other option] to subsidy .

The alternative of Brobdingnagian genitalia and python-size pubic hairs could be hard to stomach , even after the Starr report .
the [other option] of brobdingnagian genitalia and python-size pubic hairs could be hard to stomach , even after the starr report .

Button 's situation , his decision seems quite reasonable : Assuming you have no a priori moral or religious objection to suicide and do not greatly fear death , death seems like a rational ( if not recommended ) alternative when faced with likely court-martial , professional ruin , a possible jail term , and a very public dishonor brought upon oneself and one 's family .
button 's situation , his decision seems quite reasonable : assuming you have no a priori moral or religious objection to suicide and do not greatly fear death , death seems like a rational ( if not recommended ) [other option] when faced with likely court-martial , professional ruin , a possible jail term , and a very public dishonor brought upon oneself and one 's family .

By citing differences in educational opportunity he offers an alternative to the employer-discrimination theory of racial wage differentials .
by citing differences in educational opportunity he offers an [other option] to the employer-discrimination theory of racial wage differentials .

Whether it is rational for a person to make the decision I made depends on a number of factors , including : 1 ) the physical conditions in which the device is to be installed ; 2 ) the person 's manual dexterity ; 3 ) the alternative uses of the person 's time ; 4 ) the person 's risk aversion ; 5 ) the person 's tolerance for hassle ; 6 ) the person 's income ; 7 ) the person 's age ; 8 ) the prospective marginal tax on the person 's estate .
whether it is rational for a person to make the decision i made depends on a number of factors , including : 1 ) the physical conditions in which the device is to be installed ; 2 ) the person 's manual dexterity ; 3 ) the [other option] uses of the person 's time ; 4 ) the person 's risk aversion ; 5 ) the person 's tolerance for hassle ; 6 ) the person 's income ; 7 ) the person 's age ; 8 ) the prospective marginal tax on the person 's estate .

Reviewing only A Taste of Cherry and Pi is not a viable alternative for most critics .
reviewing only a taste of cherry and pi is not a viable [other option] for most critics .

When that crop failed several years in succession , they had no viable alternative to starvation or ( if they could afford it ) emigration .
when that crop failed several years in succession , they had no viable [other option] to starvation or ( if they could afford it ) emigration .

Republicans have long denigrated alternative lifestyles .
republicans have long denigrated [other option] lifestyles .

Politicians talk about singleness as if it is an alternative lifestyle .
politicians talk about singleness as if it is an [other option] lifestyle .

Yes , at first glance , this alternative derivation would seem to make sense , because hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole .
yes , at first glance , this [other option] derivation would seem to make sense , because hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole .

If the alternative is to lose our freedom , then we must be warlike to preserve it .
if the [other option] is to lose our freedom , then we must be warlike to preserve it .

As an alternative , one might make accessible only those Web pages that are labeled in a particular way , for example , Web pages that carry the `` seal of approval '' of various organizations .
as an [other option] , one might make accessible only those web pages that are labeled in a particular way , for example , web pages that carry the `` seal of approval '' of various organizations .

The heart of my argument , though , is that none of these alternative mechanisms `` carr [ ies ] the promise of avoiding [ the ] spillover problem altogether '' ( in Godwin 's and Abelson 's words ) .
the heart of my argument , though , is that none of these [other option] mechanisms `` carr [ ies ] the promise of avoiding [ the ] spillover problem altogether '' ( in godwin 's and abelson 's words ) .

Along came an economist who used a somewhat vague , literary , empiricist style to propose an alternative vision .
along came an economist who used a somewhat vague , literary , empiricist style to propose an [other option] vision .

Many people disagree with my ideas ; that 's fine , as long as they have an alternative to offer .
many people disagree with my ideas ; that 's fine , as long as they have an [other option] to offer .

An alternative if you simply ca n't bring yourself to push the handle down in the middle of the night would be to put a Post-It note on the closed lid advising , `` Please flush . ''
an [other option] if you simply ca n't bring yourself to push the handle down in the middle of the night would be to put a post-it note on the closed lid advising , `` please flush . ''

News Quiz seen as lively alternative to canceled NBA season , with little risk of Patrick Ewing mishandling a key punch line .
news quiz seen as lively [other option] to canceled nba season , with little risk of patrick ewing mishandling a key punch line .

According to CNN Headline News ( the brisk alternative for those who find CNN 's regular news too prolix ) , the rating system is analogous to that used for hurricanes , with 1 a `` minor inconvenience '' and 5 `` life threatening . ''
according to cnn headline news ( the brisk [other option] for those who find cnn 's regular news too prolix ) , the rating system is analogous to that used for hurricanes , with 1 a `` minor inconvenience '' and 5 `` life threatening . ''

If Slate wants to be an alternative to the mass of media , why let the mass of media ( in low or high cultures ) dictate the terms ?
if slate wants to be an [other option] to the mass of media , why let the mass of media ( in low or high cultures ) dictate the terms ?

On television , as in court , you need an alternative theory ( e.g. , that Mark Fuhrman planted the evidence ) to lend coherence and persuasiveness to the various holes in the prosecution ( e.g. , that the gloves do n't fit ) .
on television , as in court , you need an [other option] theory ( e.g. , that mark fuhrman planted the evidence ) to lend coherence and persuasiveness to the various holes in the prosecution ( e.g. , that the gloves do n't fit ) .

Jones ' advisers failed to put out an alternative story line explaining not just how Wright had ruled incorrectly , but why .
jones ' advisers failed to put out an [other option] story line explaining not just how wright had ruled incorrectly , but why .

By charging into the arena , the Republicans are offering the press an alternative political target .
by charging into the arena , the republicans are offering the press an [other option] political target .

The alternative explanation for his mental lapses : indifference to detail .
the [other option] explanation for his mental lapses : indifference to detail .

The alternative view , that reporters have a special role and special rights , is snooty corporatism !
the [other option] view , that reporters have a special role and special rights , is snooty corporatism !

It causes extreme , disabling , but usually temporary discomfort , and therefore is considered a humane alternative to using guns .
it causes extreme , disabling , but usually temporary discomfort , and therefore is considered a humane [other option] to using guns .

Lonely Planet , with its orthodox adherence to alternative travel , has some good historical scraps-a block of the old market once seceded from the United States and established an anarchist country-but barely mentions any reasons to go now .
lonely planet , with its orthodox adherence to [other option] travel , has some good historical scraps-a block of the old market once seceded from the united states and established an anarchist country-but barely mentions any reasons to go now .

If you go by Smith 's account , the rest must have gone to : 1 ) a surprisingly large number of cell-phone calls -- up to 20 a day per person -- to a surprisingly large number of lovers ; 2 ) alternative therapists -- astrologists ( three ) , spiritualists ( including a clairvoyant who put her in touch with her grandmother ) , a tarot card reader , an energy healer , a hypnotherapist , an `` anger-release '' therapist , colonic irrigationists , osteopaths , chiropractors , reflexologists , aromatherapists , shiatsu and tai chi chuan experts , acupuncturists , and a `` mind-body '' therapist , the last a former tax accountant who gave her massages and diet advice ; 3 ) more conventional forms of treatment for sleeplessness , eating disorders , paranoia , and self-mutilation , including an episode in which she slashed her arms and smeared the blood all over the walls of an airplane ; 4 ) lunch at fancy restaurants to which she secretly invited tabloid reporters so she could drop by their tables and leak whatever she wanted to appear in their publications the next day .
if you go by smith 's account , the rest must have gone to : 1 ) a surprisingly large number of cell-phone calls -- up to 20 a day per person -- to a surprisingly large number of lovers ; 2 ) [other option] therapists -- astrologists ( three ) , spiritualists ( including a clairvoyant who put her in touch with her grandmother ) , a tarot card reader , an energy healer , a hypnotherapist , an `` anger-release '' therapist , colonic irrigationists , osteopaths , chiropractors , reflexologists , aromatherapists , shiatsu and tai chi chuan experts , acupuncturists , and a `` mind-body '' therapist , the last a former tax accountant who gave her massages and diet advice ; 3 ) more conventional forms of treatment for sleeplessness , eating disorders , paranoia , and self-mutilation , including an episode in which she slashed her arms and smeared the blood all over the walls of an airplane ; 4 ) lunch at fancy restaurants to which she secretly invited tabloid reporters so she could drop by their tables and leak whatever she wanted to appear in their publications the next day .

To many , the swoosh symbolizes exploited foreign labor , and hip young people now choose Adidas as an alternative to Nike 's hegemony .
to many , the swoosh symbolizes exploited foreign labor , and hip young people now choose adidas as an [other option] to nike 's hegemony .

One problem : Environmental groups are so obsessed with alternative fuels that they `` pressure against any research that would render fossil fuel use benign . ''
one problem : environmental groups are so obsessed with [other option] fuels that they `` pressure against any research that would render fossil fuel use benign . ''

A piece proposes Clinton 's best-case `` alternative narrative '' : He bonded with Lewinsky over her unhappy childhood and gave her career advice ; she became obsessed with him and sent him gifts ; he tried to help her while gradually pushing her away .
a piece proposes clinton 's best-case `` [other option] narrative '' : he bonded with lewinsky over her unhappy childhood and gave her career advice ; she became obsessed with him and sent him gifts ; he tried to help her while gradually pushing her away .

Time has sidebars on the McCaughey septuplets ' forgotten older sister ( 22-month-old Mikayla ) , the horrors of multiple births gone wrong , and adoption as an alternative to fertility drugs .
time has sidebars on the mccaughey septuplets ' forgotten older sister ( 22-month-old mikayla ) , the horrors of multiple births gone wrong , and adoption as an [other option] to fertility drugs .

Our roads are congested not because we lack alternative transportation , but because we lack superhighways and connecting roads .
our roads are congested not because we lack [other option] transportation , but because we lack superhighways and connecting roads .

Aware that consumers did n't like the automated seat belts that were the only alternative for meeting the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's `` passive restraint '' standards , the companies finally jumped on the air-bag bandwagon .
aware that consumers did n't like the automated seat belts that were the only [other option] for meeting the national highway traffic safety administration 's `` passive restraint '' standards , the companies finally jumped on the air-bag bandwagon .

One of the weirdest and most pernicious side effects of Flytrap has been the relocation of the White House to an alternative universe , a place where up is down and down is up and everything is the opposite of what it should be .
one of the weirdest and most pernicious side effects of flytrap has been the relocation of the white house to an [other option] universe , a place where up is down and down is up and everything is the opposite of what it should be .

Courtney Love used to say that Alanis Morissette had killed alternative rock with her carefully crafted brand of faux angry-girl rock .
courtney love used to say that alanis morissette had killed [other option] rock with her carefully crafted brand of faux angry-girl rock .

She was wearing a tasteful dress by Gianni Versace -- Versace , a man who built his empire dressing the very same past-their-prime stars ( Sting , Jon Bon Jovi , Elton John ) in opposition to whom alternative rock arose .
she was wearing a tasteful dress by gianni versace -- versace , a man who built his empire dressing the very same past-their-prime stars ( sting , jon bon jovi , elton john ) in opposition to whom [other option] rock arose .

Here 's an alternative prediction : We have heard the last from Roseanne .
here 's an [other option] prediction : we have heard the last from roseanne .

Who 's the alternative ?
who 's the [other option] ?

There is no obvious alternative because : 1 ) taking nothing increases the risk of heart disease and osteoporosis ; and 2 ) taking estrogen alone increases the risk of uterine cancer .
there is no obvious [other option] because : 1 ) taking nothing increases the risk of heart disease and osteoporosis ; and 2 ) taking estrogen alone increases the risk of uterine cancer .

Meanwhile , WorldCom is spinning the deal as `` the single best hope for a strong and effective alternative to the mega-Bells and the emerging AT & T cable monopoly . ''
meanwhile , worldcom is spinning the deal as `` the single best hope for a strong and effective [other option] to the mega-bells and the emerging at & t cable monopoly . ''

The WP ends with a kicker : Jackson e-mailed his findings to attorneys and the press in a Word Perfect document -- Corel Corp. 's alternative to Microsoft Word .
the wp ends with a kicker : jackson e-mailed his findings to attorneys and the press in a word perfect document -- corel corp. 's [other option] to microsoft word .

It argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .
it argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable [other option] is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .

As an alternative to Gates ' suggestion we have put together a special selection of Slate articles published during our first year .
as an [other option] to gates ' suggestion we have put together a special selection of slate articles published during our first year .

The alternative to Egan 's alternative is the equally strange culture of people who , given eight months of February , choose to fly straight into the teeth of the beast .
the [other option] to egan 's [other option] is the equally strange culture of people who , given eight months of february , choose to fly straight into the teeth of the beast .

If you have n't yet sampled our new , alternative `` Table of Contents , '' go to the Contents page and click on the word `` Date '' right below the Slate logo .
if you have n't yet sampled our new , [other option] `` table of contents , '' go to the contents page and click on the word `` date '' right below the slate logo .

The bottom line ( probably not my best metaphor in this context ) is the success of the corporate elite and free-market ideologues in pushing the `` end of history '' idea -- that in a post-Communist world there is no alternative to our present economic and social system , like it or not .
the bottom line ( probably not my best metaphor in this context ) is the success of the corporate elite and free-market ideologues in pushing the `` end of history '' idea -- that in a post-communist world there is no [other option] to our present economic and social system , like it or not .

It 's true enough that it 's very difficult right now to envision what that alternative might be .
it 's true enough that it 's very difficult right now to envision what that [other option] might be .

Similarly , I remember that on the Pretenders ' debut album , `` Talk of the Town '' and `` Stop Your Sobbing '' got the most play -- but only on alternative stations .
similarly , i remember that on the pretenders ' debut album , `` talk of the town '' and `` stop your sobbing '' got the most play -- but only on [other option] stations .

The Age of Melbourne reported that , according to an `` internal document prepared by a major American investment bank , which was circulating in the financial community , '' the rupiah is now a `` 'gaping black hole , there is no alternative other than the probably violent overthrow of the Government [ of President Suharto ] . '
the age of melbourne reported that , according to an `` internal document prepared by a major american investment bank , which was circulating in the financial community , '' the rupiah is now a `` 'gaping black hole , there is no [other option] other than the probably violent overthrow of the government [ of president suharto ] . '

The Post said it was `` difficult to fathom why the US seems slavishly attached to a policy [ toward Iraq ] , built upon 'containment ' and UN inspections , that is doomed to failure , '' when it should be supporting this `` viable democratic alternative to Saddam '' as `` a strategic and moral imperative . ''
the post said it was `` difficult to fathom why the us seems slavishly attached to a policy [ toward iraq ] , built upon 'containment ' and un inspections , that is doomed to failure , '' when it should be supporting this `` viable democratic [other option] to saddam '' as `` a strategic and moral imperative . ''

Although the `` U.S. continued to loyally defend the IMF yesterday , it is probably only a matter of time before other Western nations , such as Australia , break ranks and push for alternative remedies , '' it added .
although the `` u.s. continued to loyally defend the imf yesterday , it is probably only a matter of time before other western nations , such as australia , break ranks and push for [other option] remedies , '' it added .

It concluded , `` When the alternative is the unthinkable , it is churlish to quibble over dates , venues and terms of reference . ''
it concluded , `` when the [other option] is the unthinkable , it is churlish to quibble over dates , venues and terms of reference . ''

An alternative : Break up pieces of coal , tie them in a wet towel around one 's face , and use that for breathing .
an [other option] : break up pieces of coal , tie them in a wet towel around one 's face , and use that for breathing .

They are interns from the local alternative rock radio station , sent to make trouble .
they are interns from the local [other option] rock radio station , sent to make trouble .

What alternative purpose did he have ?
what [other option] purpose did he have ?

The WP , LAT , NYT and USAT all have front-pagers on the Clinton administration 's decision to allow respondents to racial and ethnic category questions on federal forms to , for the first time ever , check more than one block ( the alternative of having a separate `` multiracial '' box was rejected ) .
the wp , lat , nyt and usat all have front-pagers on the clinton administration 's decision to allow respondents to racial and ethnic category questions on federal forms to , for the first time ever , check more than one block ( the [other option] of having a separate `` multiracial '' box was rejected ) .

The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' notes that although the Alternative Minimum Tax was originally designed to ensure that most upper-income taxpayers fork over at least some tax , if it is n't changed in any way , in the year 2007 it will apply to 8.4 million taxpayers , including many in the middle class .
the wall street journal `` tax report '' notes that although the [other option] minimum tax was originally designed to ensure that most upper-income taxpayers fork over at least some tax , if it is n't changed in any way , in the year 2007 it will apply to 8.4 million taxpayers , including many in the middle class .

Another alternative would be business-to-aliens commerce . ''
another [other option] would be business-to-aliens commerce . ''

Lemann 's task is to define the alternative .
lemann 's task is to define the [other option] .

Of course , this is only a somewhat tacked-on addendum to what is on the whole a good book , but it does confront us with the question : What is the alternative to the present system ?
of course , this is only a somewhat tacked-on addendum to what is on the whole a good book , but it does confront us with the question : what is the [other option] to the present system ?

He seems to be struggling between some distaste for the role of the SAT and an inability to formulate an alternative .
he seems to be struggling between some distaste for the role of the sat and an inability to formulate an [other option] .

The first is that it 's a state filled with conservative Republicans -- for whom McCain hopes to emerge as the only viable alternative to George W. Bush .
the first is that it 's a state filled with conservative republicans -- for whom mccain hopes to emerge as the only viable [other option] to george w. bush .

Gore voted in favor of a solar satellite program that the environmental movement opposed ( according to the LCV , because it was `` costly and grandiose '' ) ; Gore voted against the National Energy Act of 1978 , which the LCV favored because it included a lot of conservation measures , but which some environmentalists opposed , because it also decontrolled natural gas prices ; and Gore voted to create the Synthetic Fuels Corp. , an ill-considered and short-lived alternative fuel venture opposed by environmentalists because it involved strip-mining .
gore voted in favor of a solar satellite program that the environmental movement opposed ( according to the lcv , because it was `` costly and grandiose '' ) ; gore voted against the national energy act of 1978 , which the lcv favored because it included a lot of conservation measures , but which some environmentalists opposed , because it also decontrolled natural gas prices ; and gore voted to create the synthetic fuels corp. , an ill-considered and short-lived [other option] fuel venture opposed by environmentalists because it involved strip-mining .

Environmentalists were also opposed to the MX missile 's underground basing mode , which Gore supported in a couple of votes during this period ; eventually he would shift his support to an expensive but strategically elegant alternative called the `` Midgetman '' missile .
environmentalists were also opposed to the mx missile 's underground basing mode , which gore supported in a couple of votes during this period ; eventually he would shift his support to an expensive but strategically elegant [other option] called the `` midgetman '' missile .

Moreover , by contrasting his central metaphor of `` one nation '' against the alternative vision of culture war , Wolfe makes his own position seem moderate and attractive .
moreover , by contrasting his central metaphor of `` one nation '' against the [other option] vision of culture war , wolfe makes his own position seem moderate and attractive .

Turgidly written and dense with 534 footnotes and seven appendixes , Ruddy 's plodding book repeatedly confuses the evidence and chases after scores of imaginary holes in the official verdict -- without ever positing an alternative scenario that makes the least bit of sense .
turgidly written and dense with 534 footnotes and seven appendixes , ruddy 's plodding book repeatedly confuses the evidence and chases after scores of imaginary holes in the official verdict -- without ever positing an [other option] scenario that makes the least bit of sense .

I would recommend these metaphysical exercises as a cheap alternative to reading The Face and The Hand .
i would recommend these metaphysical exercises as a cheap [other option] to reading the face and the hand .

As an alternative , she offers Asian authoritarianism : `` Disputation was rejected in ancient China as 'incompatible with the decorum and harmony cultivated by the true sage . '
as an [other option] , she offers asian authoritarianism : `` disputation was rejected in ancient china as 'incompatible with the decorum and harmony cultivated by the true sage . '

Then there are whole chapters that smell like old articles Davis wrote a while back in the alternative press and recycled to fill out a volume .
then there are whole chapters that smell like old articles davis wrote a while back in the [other option] press and recycled to fill out a volume .

The result has been an angry rejection of the research Blum reports and an attempt to disseminate a feel-good alternative in which boys and girls are identical and infinitely malleable .
the result has been an angry rejection of the research blum reports and an attempt to disseminate a feel-good [other option] in which boys and girls are identical and infinitely malleable .

Then we come to the reference group Schor proposes as an alternative .
then we come to the reference group schor proposes as an [other option] .

Almost as unsettling is the conversation Horwitz has with the bright black woman who founded an Afrocentric alternative school in Selma , a conversation that soon breaks down in a venomous exchange over Louis Farrakhan .
almost as unsettling is the conversation horwitz has with the bright black woman who founded an afrocentric [other option] school in selma , a conversation that soon breaks down in a venomous exchange over louis farrakhan .

The jewels would be delivered in exquisite gold-tooled leather boxes with compartments containing the relevant alternative mounts and fastenings , and a tiny screwdriver in its own velvet nest .
the jewels would be delivered in exquisite gold-tooled leather boxes with compartments containing the relevant [other option] mounts and fastenings , and a tiny screwdriver in its own velvet nest .

The message is explicit from the get-go : `` Big banks '' are bad banks , the high-cost alternative you do n't need to settle for .
the message is explicit from the get-go : `` big banks '' are bad banks , the high-cost [other option] you do n't need to settle for .

Clinton said on Meet the Press that his weekend speech to a gay-rights group was an all-American blow for civil rights , although he confided that he did n't think the gay alternative should be taught in school .
clinton said on meet the press that his weekend speech to a gay-rights group was an all-american blow for civil rights , although he confided that he did n't think the gay [other option] should be taught in school .

George Stephanopoulos ( ABC 's This Week ) still thinks we have no alternative but to assassinate Saddam .
george stephanopoulos ( abc 's this week ) still thinks we have no [other option] but to assassinate saddam .

Bill Kristol ( This Week ) still thinks we have no alternative but to commit ground troops .
bill kristol ( this week ) still thinks we have no [other option] but to commit ground troops .

George Will ( This Week ) still thinks that the diminished U.S. military gives us no alternative at all .
george will ( this week ) still thinks that the diminished u.s. military gives us no [other option] at all .

Underwater Alt ( the `` alt '' in the title is for `` alternative '' -- the client saw several executions of this spot ) is the newest ad in a series by advertising powerhouse McCann-Erickson for Lucent Technologies , the company that was once Ma Bell 's lab .
underwater alt ( the `` alt '' in the title is for `` [other option] '' -- the client saw several executions of this spot ) is the newest ad in a series by advertising powerhouse mccann-erickson for lucent technologies , the company that was once ma bell 's lab .

All three countries have an interest in stabilizing Afghanistan sufficiently to construct oil pipelines from Central Asia through the country , as an alternative route to Iran .
all three countries have an interest in stabilizing afghanistan sufficiently to construct oil pipelines from central asia through the country , as an [other option] route to iran .

Given the twentieth century 's record of the alternative , what 's so bad about that ?
given the twentieth century 's record of the [other option] , what 's so bad about that ?

As for AIDS , the new treatments -- mainly pioneered in the US by big drug companies trying to make profits , not do good -- are far cheaper than the alternative of doing nothing and so economics should and will guarantee that most people who need them ( and can take them responsibly ) should get them .
as for aids , the new treatments -- mainly pioneered in the us by big drug companies trying to make profits , not do good -- are far cheaper than the [other option] of doing nothing and so economics should and will guarantee that most people who need them ( and can take them responsibly ) should get them .

The thing is , it 's not like there is some fabulous alternative that works better .
the thing is , it 's not like there is some fabulous [other option] that works better .

Let 's suppose the impracticality of such arrangements leaves book-banning as the only realistic alternative . )
let 's suppose the impracticality of such arrangements leaves book-banning as the only realistic [other option] . )

All of those currently being developed employ digital signature technology -- a cryptographic alternative to traditional signatures that identifies a document 's origin and verifies that it has n't been altered while being transmitted ( click here for a primer ) .
all of those currently being developed employ digital signature technology -- a cryptographic [other option] to traditional signatures that identifies a document 's origin and verifies that it has n't been altered while being transmitted ( click here for a primer ) .

A writer complains that all computers look the same , and that all are ugly : He proposes six alternative designs , including the `` Trellis '' and the `` Odeon . ''
a writer complains that all computers look the same , and that all are ugly : he proposes six [other option] designs , including the `` trellis '' and the `` odeon . ''

An article profiles best-selling guru Dr. Andrew Weil , who 's trying to persuade the mainstream medical establishment to accept alternative health care .
an article profiles best-selling guru dr. andrew weil , who 's trying to persuade the mainstream medical establishment to accept [other option] health care .

The New York Times observes that this sweeping program comes two years after Clinton declared the end of the era of big government , but goes on to note Clinton 's alternative description : `` We have a smaller government , but a stronger nation . ''
the new york times observes that this sweeping program comes two years after clinton declared the end of the era of big government , but goes on to note clinton 's [other option] description : `` we have a smaller government , but a stronger nation . ''

Preventing Microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service providers that would restrict the providers from also offering their customers alternative browsers .
preventing microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service providers that would restrict the providers from also offering their customers [other option] browsers .

This bit of historical camp comes from a recent issue of No Depression , an infectiously enthusiastic Seattle-based magazine that calls itself `` The Alternative Country ( Whatever That Is ) Quarterly . ''
this bit of historical camp comes from a recent issue of no depression , an infectiously enthusiastic seattle-based magazine that calls itself `` the [other option] country ( whatever that is ) quarterly . ''

Alternative country is a reaction against the antiseptic safety of mainstream country music .
[other option] country is a reaction against the antiseptic safety of mainstream country music .

Its lyrics often caricature old-style country songs ; they sound a lot like bad Faulkner ( `` June went insane by the time she was nine/ killed her brother with a tire iron , '' sings one alternative country act , Moonshine Willy ) .
its lyrics often caricature old-style country songs ; they sound a lot like bad faulkner ( `` june went insane by the time she was nine/ killed her brother with a tire iron , '' sings one [other option] country act , moonshine willy ) .

The phrase `` alternative country '' has become as good as hard cash in the last year , so desperate is the white pop industry for anything new .
the phrase `` [other option] country '' has become as good as hard cash in the last year , so desperate is the white pop industry for anything new .

Alternative country could be prematurely taxonomized as being made up of four kinds of bands .
[other option] country could be prematurely taxonomized as being made up of four kinds of bands .

Catherine Irwin and Janet Beveridge Bean are the singers and songwriters of Freakwater , whose recent album , Old Paint ( Thrill Jockey ) , is `` alternative '' by process of elimination , not by design .
catherine irwin and janet beveridge bean are the singers and songwriters of freakwater , whose recent album , old paint ( thrill jockey ) , is `` [other option] '' by process of elimination , not by design .

The Mavericks , in Music for All Occasions ( MCA ) , clearly possess enough knowledge of country 's history to feel ambivalent toward it ; but it 's such a high-functioning bar band that it ca n't be alternative .
the mavericks , in music for all occasions ( mca ) , clearly possess enough knowledge of country 's history to feel ambivalent toward it ; but it 's such a high-functioning bar band that it ca n't be [other option] .

One thing clearly absent from a lot of alternative country , however , is piety .
one thing clearly absent from a lot of [other option] country , however , is piety .

The educated bohemian atheists behind alternative country , on the other hand , have no shame at all .
the educated bohemian atheists behind [other option] country , on the other hand , have no shame at all .

American culture has always fed off half-truths about authenticity , and this is the way in which alternative country is a genuine expression of something : Hipsters with a sense of ironic detachment , like Chicago 's Moonshine Willy , have as much claim to the `` real '' America as any mule-driver .
american culture has always fed off half-truths about authenticity , and this is the way in which [other option] country is a genuine expression of something : hipsters with a sense of ironic detachment , like chicago 's moonshine willy , have as much claim to the `` real '' america as any mule-driver .

Where alternative country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what 's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick .
where [other option] country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what 's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick .

Though hindsight sometimes breeds determinism , Brinkley is alert to alternative histories and paths just barely not taken .
though hindsight sometimes breeds determinism , brinkley is alert to [other option] histories and paths just barely not taken .

To oppose it they must invoke alternative standards of intellectual authority and legitimacy .
to oppose it they must invoke [other option] standards of intellectual authority and legitimacy .

Quite a few supply-siders have created for themselves a wonderful alternative intellectual history in which John Maynard Keynes was a fraud , Paul Samuelson and even Milton Friedman are fools , and the true line of deep economic thought runs from Adam Smith through obscure turn-of-the-century Austrians straight to them .
quite a few supply-siders have created for themselves a wonderful [other option] intellectual history in which john maynard keynes was a fraud , paul samuelson and even milton friedman are fools , and the true line of deep economic thought runs from adam smith through obscure turn-of-the-century austrians straight to them .

What is the alternative ?
what is the [other option] ?

As long as you have no realistic alternative to industrialization based on low wages , to oppose it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard -- that is , the fact that you do n't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich Westerners with fashion items .
as long as you have no realistic [other option] to industrialization based on low wages , to oppose it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard -- that is , the fact that you do n't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich westerners with fashion items .

When Russert reads a Naomi Wolf quote advocating that sex education instructors promote fondling and mutual masturbation as an alternative to sex , Bush says Wolf 's advice is `` pathetic , '' says condom promotion has n't decreased teen pregnancy rates , and advocates teaching abstinence .
when russert reads a naomi wolf quote advocating that sex education instructors promote fondling and mutual masturbation as an [other option] to sex , bush says wolf 's advice is `` pathetic , '' says condom promotion has n't decreased teen pregnancy rates , and advocates teaching abstinence .

It 's official : Over the past week , in rapid succession , the editorial pages of both the New York Times and the Washington Post endorsed what the Post called a `` disarmingly simple alternative to traditional affirmative action '' when it comes to college admissions .
it 's official : over the past week , in rapid succession , the editorial pages of both the new york times and the washington post endorsed what the post called a `` disarmingly simple [other option] to traditional affirmative action '' when it comes to college admissions .

Three of the best movies I 've seen in recent memory , and they all owe their existence not to Hollywood and the studios but to an arguably psychotic alternative rock star with a heart of gold and the wisdom to put his millions where they can do a lot of good .
three of the best movies i 've seen in recent memory , and they all owe their existence not to hollywood and the studios but to an arguably psychotic [other option] rock star with a heart of gold and the wisdom to put his millions where they can do a lot of good .

Then and only then does one have a constitutional discussion about which alternative to adopt .
then and only then does one have a constitutional discussion about which [other option] to adopt .

This triple argument in the triple alternative actually obliterates itself .
this triple argument in the triple [other option] actually obliterates itself .

As an alternative , he suggests a `` moderate '' middle ground between the rentier capitalism 's status quo of balanced budgets and wage and benefit cuts on the one hand and a `` hard , reactionary politics that can shut down the system '' on the other .
as an [other option] , he suggests a `` moderate '' middle ground between the rentier capitalism 's status quo of balanced budgets and wage and benefit cuts on the one hand and a `` hard , reactionary politics that can shut down the system '' on the other .

To mention only its most salient defect , here was a book announcing the failure of market economics at a time when anybody with the slightest curiosity about the world was transfixed by the sudden collapse of the main alternative to it : socialist central planning .
to mention only its most salient defect , here was a book announcing the failure of market economics at a time when anybody with the slightest curiosity about the world was transfixed by the sudden collapse of the main [other option] to it : socialist central planning .

He offers no alternative apart from his own privileged sense of what is obvious , and his attacks on economic method are mostly ill-informed or self-contradictory .
he offers no [other option] apart from his own privileged sense of what is obvious , and his attacks on economic method are mostly ill-informed or self-contradictory .

If he is he is one of shit '' -- shit being , in Artaud 's view , of human essence and the sole alternative to the void ) , he was beginning to draw complex , heavily laden constructions that look like architecture made from heads -- in the very last drawing they are stacked , as in so many totem poles .
if he is he is one of shit '' -- shit being , in artaud 's view , of human essence and the sole [other option] to the void ) , he was beginning to draw complex , heavily laden constructions that look like architecture made from heads -- in the very last drawing they are stacked , as in so many totem poles .

Without ever calling Shakespeare 's linguistic greatness into question , Steiner suggests an alternative requirement for true greatness , that comprehended in the German term Dichter , which carries certain lofty notions of witness and moral responsibility .
without ever calling shakespeare 's linguistic greatness into question , steiner suggests an [other option] requirement for true greatness , that comprehended in the german term dichter , which carries certain lofty notions of witness and moral responsibility .

Applebome sketches the alternative promise of a proudly interracial South that `` has gone through the fire of change and come out redeemed . ''
applebome sketches the [other option] promise of a proudly interracial south that `` has gone through the fire of change and come out redeemed . ''

For a lot of young educators like me , the answer was to start our own schools -- alternative schools -- which at the time meant private schools .
for a lot of young educators like me , the answer was to start our own schools -- [other option] schools -- which at the time meant private schools .

USAT reports on Page 8 a story that in most alternative universes would have been front-page news : Hillary Rodham Clinton denies that she 'll leave her husband when he leaves the presidency .
usat reports on page 8 a story that in most [other option] universes would have been front-page news : hillary rodham clinton denies that she 'll leave her husband when he leaves the presidency .

It is giving an alternative avenue to it .
it is giving an [other option] avenue to it .

Howard Fineman of Newsweek offered an alternative to Seib 's idea .
howard fineman of newsweek offered an [other option] to seib 's idea .

It may be a tad artificial , but it 's better than the alternative , which would be our writing to one another the same way we talk to each other .
it may be a tad artificial , but it 's better than the [other option] , which would be our writing to one another the same way we talk to each other .

What damaged the Los Angeles Times most after the initial revelations seeped out ( from an alternative weekly that did n't exist 20 years ago , it 's worth noting ) was the beating it took from other big media .
what damaged the los angeles times most after the initial revelations seeped out ( from an [other option] weekly that did n't exist 20 years ago , it 's worth noting ) was the beating it took from other big media .

Better yet , while ignoring the cost of your proposal , assert the cost of the alternative .
better yet , while ignoring the cost of your proposal , assert the cost of the [other option] .

While neglecting to mention the risks involved in privatization , Penn defines the alternative as a tax hike and ( not or ) a benefit cut .
while neglecting to mention the risks involved in privatization , penn defines the [other option] as a tax hike and ( not or ) a benefit cut .

Define the alternative .
define the [other option] .

I 've been intrigued by the increasingly popular alternative explanation -- '' the system did it . ''
i 've been intrigued by the increasingly popular [other option] explanation -- '' the system did it . ''

There 's a more important reason for the emphasis on getting people to program with Java , namely that it 's impossible to get computer users to abandon their current operating systems if they do n't think the alternative will be around five years from now .
there 's a more important reason for the emphasis on getting people to program with java , namely that it 's impossible to get computer users to abandon their current operating systems if they do n't think the [other option] will be around five years from now .

The quickest way to assure users that your alternative is viable is to show them the plethora of programs being written for it ( or , in the case of Java , in it ) .
the quickest way to assure users that your [other option] is viable is to show them the plethora of programs being written for it ( or , in the case of java , in it ) .

An alliance of competitors -- Sun , Oracle , Netscape , Novell , and IBM -- is developing machines and a universal programming language ( Java ) based on the network , an alternative platform to the desktop .
an alliance of competitors -- sun , oracle , netscape , novell , and ibm -- is developing machines and a universal programming language ( java ) based on the network , an [other option] platform to the desktop .

When instructed by the judge to give computer makers an alternative to packaging IE with Windows , Microsoft made the alternatives unworkable or undesirable .
when instructed by the judge to give computer makers an [other option] to packaging ie with windows , microsoft made the alternatives unworkable or undesirable .

They offer alternative pictures -- in the `` partial birth '' debate , for example , they used a photo of a woman who had gone through the procedure , surrounded by her husband and kids -- to emphasize the woman 's humanity and obscure the fetus .
they offer [other option] pictures -- in the `` partial birth '' debate , for example , they used a photo of a woman who had gone through the procedure , surrounded by her husband and kids -- to emphasize the woman 's humanity and obscure the fetus .

Ultimately , that leaves one alternative -- cutting corners on care .
ultimately , that leaves one [other option] -- cutting corners on care .

Ask the big pharmaceutical companies whose immense resources are nurturing the all-too-credulous market for unproven alternative medicines .
ask the big pharmaceutical companies whose immense resources are nurturing the all-too-credulous market for unproven [other option] medicines .

Thanks to misinformation unrivaled since the pre-FDA patent-medicine era , however , alternative therapies have become a $ 14 billion market , which is growing by as much as 30 percent annually .
thanks to misinformation unrivaled since the pre-fda patent-medicine era , however , [other option] therapies have become a $ 14 billion market , which is growing by as much as 30 percent annually .

Again , as opposed to the alternative , this seems wise .
again , as opposed to the [other option] , this seems wise .

Using the Web , alternative outlets can exchange content with international partners .
using the web , [other option] outlets can exchange content with international partners .

Gore has been telling blacks and Hispanics that Bradley 's health-care plan would kill Medicaid and provide no sufficient alternative .
gore has been telling blacks and hispanics that bradley 's health-care plan would kill medicaid and provide no sufficient [other option] .

Alternative theories posit that blacks earn less because they have fewer marketable skills .
[other option] theories posit that blacks earn less because they have fewer marketable skills .

Alternative theories are possible .
[other option] theories are possible .

My cynical colleague Alan Stockman suggests an alternative candidate , namely , the regulatory climate .
my cynical colleague alan stockman suggests an [other option] candidate , namely , the regulatory climate .

In fact Haveman and Wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar alternative theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .
in fact haveman and wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar [other option] theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .

What is the alternative to a Microsoft browser monopoly ?
what is the [other option] to a microsoft browser monopoly ?

Another alternative to a Microsoft monopoly is a Netscape monopoly .
another [other option] to a microsoft monopoly is a netscape monopoly .

That does n't prove that a Microsoft monopoly beats any alternative .
that does n't prove that a microsoft monopoly beats any [other option] .

It may come as a shock to some suburban American liberals , but for children in Pakistan , the alternative to stitching Reebok soccer balls is not being driven to soccer practice in a Volvo station wagon .
it may come as a shock to some suburban american liberals , but for children in pakistan , the [other option] to stitching reebok soccer balls is not being driven to soccer practice in a volvo station wagon .

Consider the alternative .
consider the [other option] .

An alternative version of the theory is that women 's clothes are costlier to process because women demand higher quality work .
an [other option] version of the theory is that women 's clothes are costlier to process because women demand higher quality work .

An alternative theory is that a bequest is a mistake .
an [other option] theory is that a bequest is a mistake .

If this alternative were correct , we 'd see old people using all their savings to purchase annuities that pay them a guaranteed income for life .
if this [other option] were correct , we 'd see old people using all their savings to purchase annuities that pay them a guaranteed income for life .

Editorial boards at the Washington Post and the New York Times took the position that a ban on late-term abortions is bad because it affects only women carrying badly deformed babies who have no other alternative .
editorial boards at the washington post and the new york times took the position that a ban on late-term abortions is bad because it affects only women carrying badly deformed babies who have no other [other option] .

The alternative hypothesis is that you also care about your place in the pecking order .
the [other option] hypothesis is that you also care about your place in the pecking order .

To see why the stockholders bear many of the costs of discrimination , let 's think through a few alternative scenarios .
to see why the stockholders bear many of the costs of discrimination , let 's think through a few [other option] scenarios .

Critics charged that it would hinder 1 ) businesses and nonprofits that rely on direct mail ; and 2 ) the Postal Service itself , by providing even greater incentive to use alternative shippers .
critics charged that it would hinder 1 ) businesses and nonprofits that rely on direct mail ; and 2 ) the postal service itself , by providing even greater incentive to use [other option] shippers .

Placebos could be a bridge between the cold efficiency of modern medicine and the unscientific comforts of alternative therapies .
placebos could be a bridge between the cold efficiency of modern medicine and the unscientific comforts of [other option] therapies .

We will not face that alternative . ''
we will not face that [other option] . ''

The Nation goes glossy for its `` alternative '' retrospective of the 20 th century .
the nation goes glossy for its `` [other option] '' retrospective of the 20 th century .

Rep. J.C. Watts Jr. of Oklahoma pre-empted consideration of the bill by introducing an alternative resolution denouncing all forms of racism and bigotry without mentioning the CCC specifically .
rep. j.c. watts jr. of oklahoma pre-empted consideration of the bill by introducing an [other option] resolution denouncing all forms of racism and bigotry without mentioning the ccc specifically .

I reluctantly returned to Mastering Linux and found an alternative method for installing the operating system for people who do n't have CD-ROM drives : install from the hard disk .
i reluctantly returned to mastering linux and found an [other option] method for installing the operating system for people who do n't have cd-rom drives : install from the hard disk .

At the time , the Phoenix and the now-defunct Real Paper were at the epicenter of alternative journalism -- a training ground for critics and reporters who would graduate to big city dailies and the slicks .
at the time , the phoenix and the now-defunct real paper were at the epicenter of [other option] journalism -- a training ground for critics and reporters who would graduate to big city dailies and the slicks .

Groening 's friend Lynda Barry ( whose work often shows up next to his in the pages of alternative weeklies across the land ) gets the nod for her brilliant Ernie Pook 's Comeek ( No .
groening 's friend lynda barry ( whose work often shows up next to his in the pages of [other option] weeklies across the land ) gets the nod for her brilliant ernie pook 's comeek ( no .

Without adding a word ( other than the title Juneteenth ) , he has culled a nugget that gives a sense of what Ellison was up to all those years without harming any of the alternative conceptions of the work that are bound to emerge .
without adding a word ( other than the title juneteenth ) , he has culled a nugget that gives a sense of what ellison was up to all those years without harming any of the [other option] conceptions of the work that are bound to emerge .

If e-books become a real alternative to p-books , publishers stand to gain by eliminating most of their fixed costs and by being able to keep everything in print forever .
if e-books become a real [other option] to p-books , publishers stand to gain by eliminating most of their fixed costs and by being able to keep everything in print forever .

It 's an only slightly preferable alternative .
it 's an only slightly preferable [other option] .

A team of virtual-reality technicians operates in an alternative universe , circa 1937 .
a team of virtual-reality technicians operates in an [other option] universe , circa 1937 .

Presumably , these are alternative euphemisms for a `` peacekeeping '' mission in a `` permissive environment . ''
presumably , these are [other option] euphemisms for a `` peacekeeping '' mission in a `` permissive environment . ''

Linux is a workable alternative to Windows , and thus it allows you to vote with your PC .
linux is a workable [other option] to windows , and thus it allows you to vote with your pc .

Critics seldom apply the same kind of scrutiny to alternative policies .
critics seldom apply the same kind of scrutiny to [other option] policies .

The alternative perspective goes overlooked : that the question is what NATO must do , that atrocities are a challenge rather than a verdict , and that NATO should persevere precisely because they continue .
the [other option] perspective goes overlooked : that the question is what nato must do , that atrocities are a challenge rather than a verdict , and that nato should persevere precisely because they continue .

Do n't criticize without offering a sensible alternative : A key reason for our mangled China policy is that China hawks endlessly indict U.S. policy without proposing their own remedy .
do n't criticize without offering a sensible [other option] : a key reason for our mangled china policy is that china hawks endlessly indict u.s. policy without proposing their own remedy .

Secondary Virginity -- is n't that some appalling operation the Taliban forces on women as an alternative to being stoned to death ?
secondary virginity -- is n't that some appalling operation the taliban forces on women as an [other option] to being stoned to death ?

Gwyneth , there 's a cheap , painless alternative : Take the dress to the dry cleaner and have it altered .
gwyneth , there 's a cheap , painless [other option] : take the dress to the dry cleaner and have it altered .

The alternative is to bring your own and expect to pay corkage .
the [other option] is to bring your own and expect to pay corkage .

Alas , the alternative is to forget it .
alas , the [other option] is to forget it .

Can you suggest an alternative term ?
can you suggest an [other option] term ?

The Department of the Interior is exploring alternative procedures that would let tribes negotiate compacts directly with the secretary , cutting the states out of the equation .
the department of the interior is exploring [other option] procedures that would let tribes negotiate compacts directly with the secretary , cutting the states out of the equation .

Alternative rock , which grew out of punk , refers to any band that was nurtured by the underground infrastructure ( indie labels , college radio stations , new-music clubs ) .
[other option] rock , which grew out of punk , refers to any band that was nurtured by the underground infrastructure ( indie labels , college radio stations , new-music clubs ) .

Alternative 's commercial breakthrough came with Nirvana 's album Nevermind ( 1991 ) .
[other option] 's commercial breakthrough came with nirvana 's album nevermind ( 1991 ) .

Kennedy 's was a legitimate alternative , democratically rejected ; Waxman 's approach ( which has finally become Kennedy 's as well ) was to quietly foist more government on an uncomprehending electorate .
kennedy 's was a legitimate [other option] , democratically rejected ; waxman 's approach ( which has finally become kennedy 's as well ) was to quietly foist more government on an uncomprehending electorate .

The class-not-race alternative is even less of an improvement .
the class-not-race [other option] is even less of an improvement .

The mayor 's race this year was fought in part over alternative approaches to preventing further development and congestion .
the mayor 's race this year was fought in part over [other option] approaches to preventing further development and congestion .

In New Jersey and Staten Island , candidates from the two major parties debated the relative merits of alternative free-lunch options .
in new jersey and staten island , candidates from the two major parties debated the relative merits of [other option] free-lunch options .

If McCain holds out for a strong bill , Lott may have no alternative to an old-fashioned filibuster .
if mccain holds out for a strong bill , lott may have no [other option] to an old-fashioned filibuster .

Elsewhere , there 's $ 50,000 for the East Tennessee Community Design Center in Knoxville , to help `` design professionals '' bring `` alternative design '' to `` underserved areas . ''
elsewhere , there 's $ 50,000 for the east tennessee community design center in knoxville , to help `` design professionals '' bring `` [other option] design '' to `` underserved areas . ''

Their only alternative is to cooperate with Clinton on issues of national consensus , which might persuade voters they are worthy of continuing to share power with him .
their only [other option] is to cooperate with clinton on issues of national consensus , which might persuade voters they are worthy of continuing to share power with him .

Fund-raisers leaned more heavily on the second alternative -- finding new , untapped pools of cash .
fund-raisers leaned more heavily on the second [other option] -- finding new , untapped pools of cash .

Stuart Butler , a Brit who runs the domestic-policy shop , has done solid work on enterprise zones , and took pains to develop a conscientious conservative alternative to the Clinton health-care plan .
stuart butler , a brit who runs the domestic-policy shop , has done solid work on enterprise zones , and took pains to develop a conscientious conservative [other option] to the clinton health-care plan .

Daschle 's alternative would have gone far beyond what Santorum has proposed , banning abortions by any method once a fetus is `` viable . ''
daschle 's [other option] would have gone far beyond what santorum has proposed , banning abortions by any method once a fetus is `` viable . ''

What 's more , Clinton indicated that he would have signed the Daschle alternative , which would have made it the law of the land .
what 's more , clinton indicated that he would have signed the daschle [other option] , which would have made it the law of the land .

The former alternative suggests that old habits of deception die hard .
the former [other option] suggests that old habits of deception die hard .

In the words of Fred Barnes , offering an alternative explanation to Krauthammer 's in the Standard : `` In a period of peace and prosperity -- such as now -- an incumbent president is all but certain to be reelected .
in the words of fred barnes , offering an [other option] explanation to krauthammer 's in the standard : `` in a period of peace and prosperity -- such as now -- an incumbent president is all but certain to be reelected .

In the CDA debate , Republican Rep. Christopher Cox of California led the push for an alternative ; both Newt Gingrich and Majority Leader Dick Armey supported Cox 's position .
in the cda debate , republican rep. christopher cox of california led the push for an [other option] ; both newt gingrich and majority leader dick armey supported cox 's position .

Morris says he had two discussions with Gore about whether there might be an alternative way to stop children from gaining access to inappropriate material on the Internet .
morris says he had two discussions with gore about whether there might be an [other option] way to stop children from gaining access to inappropriate material on the internet .

The spot is aimed at the woman , the secondary consumer of condoms , reminding her that an alternative to `` no '' is `` wait a minute , '' followed by a quick dip into her nightstand drawer for a rubber .
the spot is aimed at the woman , the secondary consumer of condoms , reminding her that an [other option] to `` no '' is `` wait a minute , '' followed by a quick dip into her nightstand drawer for a rubber .

The nonpartisan pessimistic line : We 'd better try something , because the alternative -- mutual nuclear deterrence -- nearly led to U.S.-Soviet disaster early in the Cold War and is likely to be even less stable in the case of India and Pakistan .
the nonpartisan pessimistic line : we 'd better try something , because the [other option] -- mutual nuclear deterrence -- nearly led to u.s.-soviet disaster early in the cold war and is likely to be even less stable in the case of india and pakistan .

Instead , his lawyers are negotiating with Starr over a less embarrassing alternative .
instead , his lawyers are negotiating with starr over a less embarrassing [other option] .

An alternative translation , according to a second group of reports , is `` the cock whose prowess leaves no hen untouched . ''
an [other option] translation , according to a second group of reports , is `` the cock whose prowess leaves no hen untouched . ''

The alternative is sitting in the dark , waiting for a show that 's really over to begin .
the [other option] is sitting in the dark , waiting for a show that 's really over to begin .

The paper goes on to report that `` civil rights groups were generally pleased with the proposal , particularly because many feared the alternative -- adding a separate 'mixed race ' category -- would dilute their numbers . ''
the paper goes on to report that `` civil rights groups were generally pleased with the proposal , particularly because many feared the [other option] -- adding a separate 'mixed race ' category -- would dilute their numbers . ''

If you lead any kind of `` alternative lifestyle , '' you will be left blessedly alone , rather than being ostracized , but you wo n't find much in the way of an affinity culture .
if you lead any kind of `` [other option] lifestyle , '' you will be left blessedly alone , rather than being ostracized , but you wo n't find much in the way of an affinity culture .

This seemed a far cheaper -- indeed probably costless -- alternative to a front-end bonus .
this seemed a far cheaper -- indeed probably costless -- [other option] to a front-end bonus .

Before the guffaws start , we should at least consider this alternative .
before the guffaws start , we should at least consider this [other option] .

Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .
another [other option] is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .

In one respect his bill was more generous than the alternative that passed the Senate , in that it would release the embargoed funds at a faster rate .
in one respect his bill was more generous than the [other option] that passed the senate , in that it would release the embargoed funds at a faster rate .

Being `` in recovery '' is no weakness to people who consider being `` in denial '' the only alternative .
being `` in recovery '' is no weakness to people who consider being `` in denial '' the only [other option] .

Republican Representative Curt Weldon , chairman of the House fire caucus , offers an alternative explanation : when the economy is strong , `` they do n't need to commit arson or bail out a business . ''
republican representative curt weldon , chairman of the house fire caucus , offers an [other option] explanation : when the economy is strong , `` they do n't need to commit arson or bail out a business . ''

The WP and NYT go inside with news that in an alternative universe would be explosive -- a federal judge 's finding that two cabinet secretaries , Interior 's Bruce Babbitt and Treasury 's Robert Rubin , are in civil contempt for failing to produce records of accounts held in trust for Indians by the government .
the wp and nyt go inside with news that in an [other option] universe would be explosive -- a federal judge 's finding that two cabinet secretaries , interior 's bruce babbitt and treasury 's robert rubin , are in civil contempt for failing to produce records of accounts held in trust for indians by the government .

President Clinton , the paper reports , is making a rare congressional working visit to plump for his party 's bill , which unlike the GOP alternative , would strike down a 25-year-old ban against patients suing their health plans .
president clinton , the paper reports , is making a rare congressional working visit to plump for his party 's bill , which unlike the gop [other option] , would strike down a 25-year-old ban against patients suing their health plans .

At issue in the Times lead is the 1996 Kennedy-Kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical condition , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .
at issue in the times lead is the 1996 kennedy-kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage [other option] access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical condition , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .

The WP columnist James Glassman says the Lewinsky matter is mostly just pseudo-events , and offers the following list of alternative real issues citizens have a much greater need to know about : 1 ) How serious is the Asian economic crisis ?
the wp columnist james glassman says the lewinsky matter is mostly just pseudo-events , and offers the following list of [other option] real issues citizens have a much greater need to know about : 1 ) how serious is the asian economic crisis ?

Since bastard ( the only equivalent male counterpart to whore ) is listed rather benignly under the heading , Family , we find under rogue ( the sole alternative to bastard ) sixty-eight equivalents , including drumble , scroyle , and varletto .
since bastard ( the only equivalent male counterpart to whore ) is listed rather benignly under the heading , family , we find under rogue ( the sole [other option] to bastard ) sixty-eight equivalents , including drumble , scroyle , and varletto .

School Threatened : A new alternative school for young car thieves , runaways and gang members is already in danger of closing for lack of funds B3 [ From Inside Today 's Valley Edition of The Los Angeles Times , .
school threatened : a new [other option] school for young car thieves , runaways and gang members is already in danger of closing for lack of funds b3 [ from inside today 's valley edition of the los angeles times , .

Granta is still an alternative name for the Cam today , especially in academic circles , e.g. , for the title for the literary magazine Granta .
granta is still an [other option] name for the cam today , especially in academic circles , e.g. , for the title for the literary magazine granta .

Till something else comes along or we all agree to go back to better established clichés , we might as well get used to Have a nice day and its variant , ( You ) have a good one , now : the alternative is to stay at home .
till something else comes along or we all agree to go back to better established clichés , we might as well get used to have a nice day and its variant , ( you ) have a good one , now : the [other option] is to stay at home .

No Englishman , fifty years ago , would ever have been heard saying “ It could rain. ” It is quite obvious that it can rain when it wants to , but what we are talking about here is not ability but possibility : “ It may rain , ” “ It might rain. ” German speakers are of course far less likely to use this from in English , for in their own language they have no alternative to can : Es kann sein , Es konnte regnen .
no englishman , fifty years ago , would ever have been heard saying “ it could rain. ” it is quite obvious that it can rain when it wants to , but what we are talking about here is not ability but possibility : “ it may rain , ” “ it might rain. ” german speakers are of course far less likely to use this from in english , for in their own language they have no [other option] to can : es kann sein , es konnte regnen .

It is not , however , a matter of “ you pays your money and you takes your choice. ” For the Journal officiel also provides the alternative names acceptable to the Fifth Republic ; and if the Putins , for example , do not like “ Pertin , ” well hard cheese , they 'll just have to stay as they are .
it is not , however , a matter of “ you pays your money and you takes your choice. ” for the journal officiel also provides the [other option] names acceptable to the fifth republic ; and if the putins , for example , do not like “ pertin , ” well hard cheese , they 'll just have to stay as they are .

For instance , adrenalin is also the common term in AE ( not epinephrine ) , though the latter is known ; BE bath can be tub in AE but is usually bathtub ; an AE cookie is a BE sweet biscuit , but biscuit is a common alternative term in AE for a dry cracker ( Remember Uneeda Biscuits ?
for instance , adrenalin is also the common term in ae ( not epinephrine ) , though the latter is known ; be bath can be tub in ae but is usually bathtub ; an ae cookie is a be sweet biscuit , but biscuit is a common [other option] term in ae for a dry cracker ( remember uneeda biscuits ?

The preferred form in AE is different from , the alternative is different than ; in BE , the preferred form is also different from , but the alternative is dif ferent to .
the preferred form in ae is different from , the [other option] is different than ; in be , the preferred form is also different from , but the [other option] is dif ferent to .

Orwell constructed an alternative future in his vision of the totalitarian state , Nineteen Eighty-Four .
orwell constructed an [other option] future in his vision of the totalitarian state , nineteen eighty-four .

The new unit ... has only two alternative meanings -- a ` coin-shaped seed ' and , not surprisingly , ` money . '
the new unit ... has only two [other option] meanings -- a ` coin-shaped seed ' and , not surprisingly , ` money . '

In a time when professional writers write things like , “ Neither Lord King nor Sir Colin Marshall ... were available for comment ... ” ( and worse ) , one can not accuse them of having made an error of judgment because that implies an awareness of choice ; in order to have a choice , one must know of alternatives , and I am ineluctably drawn to the conclusion that people write the way they do because they know of no alternative .
in a time when professional writers write things like , “ neither lord king nor sir colin marshall ... were available for comment ... ” ( and worse ) , one can not accuse them of having made an error of judgment because that implies an awareness of choice ; in order to have a choice , one must know of alternatives , and i am ineluctably drawn to the conclusion that people write the way they do because they know of no [other option] .

Many prefer chair to chairperson on the grounds of brevity and because it avoids the awkwardness of the longer alternative .
many prefer chair to chairperson on the grounds of brevity and because it avoids the awkwardness of the longer [other option] .

It is another measure of the guild 's success that we can hardly imagine an alternative to it .
it is another measure of the guild 's success that we can hardly imagine an [other option] to it .

Australian pidgin acquired a second negative , borak , used as an alternative to baal or in a figurative sense for humbug , nonsense , or rubbish , from Wathawurung , whence came also an exclamation merrygig well done and coolie , a derogatory term for a person who partnered an Aboriginal woman .
australian pidgin acquired a second negative , borak , used as an [other option] to baal or in a figurative sense for humbug , nonsense , or rubbish , from wathawurung , whence came also an exclamation merrygig well done and coolie , a derogatory term for a person who partnered an aboriginal woman .

Real , as in realtime 6 the time it takes real people to communicate , as on a telephone ' is set against virtual : 1. common alternative to logical .
real , as in realtime 6 the time it takes real people to communicate , as on a telephone ' is set against virtual : 1. common [other option] to logical .

Similarly , few people -- except perhaps some pedants -- nowadays frown on certain alternative spellings , many of which has come about through misspellings .
similarly , few people -- except perhaps some pedants -- nowadays frown on certain [other option] spellings , many of which has come about through misspellings .

Such distinctions are hard to substantiate and deny the fact that alternative spellings can serve the purpose of being eye-catching or distinctive , or even creating a social tie .
such distinctions are hard to substantiate and deny the fact that [other option] spellings can serve the purpose of being eye-catching or distinctive , or even creating a social tie .

The euphonious word skilligalee came ashore in Narragansett bay as an alternative name for the marlin .
the euphonious word skilligalee came ashore in narragansett bay as an [other option] name for the marlin .

Alternative names for this maneuver are bridging or foot and backing .
[other option] names for this maneuver are bridging or foot and backing .

Might not Jerome , who knew Germany well and spoke German fluently , have simply chosen the slightly more forceful of the two alternative titles ?
might not jerome , who knew germany well and spoke german fluently , have simply chosen the slightly more forceful of the two [other option] titles ?

The alternative , second life inside Polish prisons involves a complex caste system of people and suckers , categories determined by the type of offence involved and the length of incarceration .
the [other option] , second life inside polish prisons involves a complex caste system of people and suckers , categories determined by the type of offence involved and the length of incarceration .

The dialect selected for American English is General American , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among Mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for British English , as one might expect , RP [ Received Pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by BBC news readers ( hence the alternative name , BBC pronunciation ) . ’ As far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to American English that RP bears to British English : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern US probably retains much of its former status and prestige .
the dialect selected for american english is general american , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for british english , as one might expect , rp [ received pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by bbc news readers ( hence the [other option] name , bbc pronunciation ) . ’ as far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to american english that rp bears to british english : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern us probably retains much of its former status and prestige .

Attending writing classes is a possible alternative , but those vary so in quality as well as purpose that an individual 's needs might not be met .
attending writing classes is a possible [other option] , but those vary so in quality as well as purpose that an individual 's needs might not be met .

When I missed a good alternative guess at the origin of cold turkey referring to a drug addict who quits abruptly , I received numerous letters from would-be etymologists correcting me .
when i missed a good [other option] guess at the origin of cold turkey referring to a drug addict who quits abruptly , i received numerous letters from would-be etymologists correcting me .

At the same time , the cavalry officer 's sabre , a much-coveted battle trophy , gave rise to the alternative nickname of Long Knives , a sobriquet that combined light-hearted jeering with wary respect .
at the same time , the cavalry officer 's sabre , a much-coveted battle trophy , gave rise to the [other option] nickname of long knives , a sobriquet that combined light-hearted jeering with wary respect .

This book included , with wonderful drawings , such wildlife as The Untouchable Incumbent , The Viable Alternative , The Running Gamut , The Qualm , The Budgetary Shortfall , and The Gobbledegook .
this book included , with wonderful drawings , such wildlife as the untouchable incumbent , the viable [other option] , the running gamut , the qualm , the budgetary shortfall , and the gobbledegook .

Another alternative , not always possible , is to avoid entirely the passage containing the problem word or phrase .
another [other option] , not always possible , is to avoid entirely the passage containing the problem word or phrase .

The Russian , too , suggests an English alternative : it takes one to know one .
the russian , too , suggests an english [other option] : it takes one to know one .

The eight English proverbs cited above thus have respective equivalents as follows : Plus valet manibus passer quam sub dubio grus It is better to have a sparrow in the hand than a crane in doubt ; Sero quam nunquam melius Better late than never , literally Late than never better ; Sic fuit , est et erit : similis similem sibi quaerit Thus it was , is and will be ; like seeks like for itself : notice the rhyme ; Currens per prata non est lepus esca parata A hare running through the meadows is not a ready meal : a nice variation on the bear and his skin ; Donati non sunt ora inspicienda caballi Gift horses do not need their mouths looking into : Scopae recentiores semper meliores New brooms are always best ; Factum infectum fieri nequit A deed not done can not happen : a negative equivalent to the English positive What is done can not be undone as an alternative to the spilt milk ; Roma non fuit una die condita ( but of course , of course ) .
the eight english proverbs cited above thus have respective equivalents as follows : plus valet manibus passer quam sub dubio grus it is better to have a sparrow in the hand than a crane in doubt ; sero quam nunquam melius better late than never , literally late than never better ; sic fuit , est et erit : similis similem sibi quaerit thus it was , is and will be ; like seeks like for itself : notice the rhyme ; currens per prata non est lepus esca parata a hare running through the meadows is not a ready meal : a nice variation on the bear and his skin ; donati non sunt ora inspicienda caballi gift horses do not need their mouths looking into : scopae recentiores semper meliores new brooms are always best ; factum infectum fieri nequit a deed not done can not happen : a negative equivalent to the english positive what is done can not be undone as an [other option] to the spilt milk ; roma non fuit una die condita ( but of course , of course ) .

The phrase live audience , if dwelt upon overmuch , suggests a ghoulish alternative .
the phrase live audience , if dwelt upon overmuch , suggests a ghoulish [other option] .

The New York Times Manual of Style and Usage admits the existence of an alternative but dismisses it as a subversive plot : “ Media —still a plural , despite persistent efforts to turn it into a singular. ” It adds , with smug ivory-tower certainty , “ The singular is , of course , medium. ” The British Broadcasting Corporation 's Style Guide is also stuck in the mud .
the new york times manual of style and usage admits the existence of an [other option] but dismisses it as a subversive plot : “ media —still a plural , despite persistent efforts to turn it into a singular. ” it adds , with smug ivory-tower certainty , “ the singular is , of course , medium. ” the british broadcasting corporation 's style guide is also stuck in the mud .

There is , however , an alternative derivation , since , in Middle English , earlier than the first record of primrose , the plant was known as primerole or saynt peterworte .
there is , however , an [other option] derivation , since , in middle english , earlier than the first record of primrose , the plant was known as primerole or saynt peterworte .

However , there was an alternative definition : ` partly lying down . '
however , there was an [other option] definition : ` partly lying down . '

You were at a loss to explain the rationale for the program 's selection of rattans as an alternative for awakens .
you were at a loss to explain the rationale for the program 's selection of rattans as an [other option] for awakens .

The series in this example helps to establish a set of alternative uses of Meredith Station and the rhythm appears to suggest mounting excitement .
the series in this example helps to establish a set of [other option] uses of meredith station and the rhythm appears to suggest mounting excitement .

