Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH , or is , alternatively , normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary Aj .
whether this abnormal tsh differs chemically from pituitary tsh , or is , [otherwise] , normal tsh with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary aj .

For if such were the case , either the plane of the two lines would meet **zg in more than K points or , alternatively , the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high .
for if such were the case , either the plane of the two lines would meet **zg in more than k points or , [otherwise] , the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high .

To be sure , the capital investments in ( or , alternatively , the estimated `` fair values '' of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes , as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services .
to be sure , the capital investments in ( or , [otherwise] , the estimated `` fair values '' of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes , as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services .

Alternatively , he may suddenly see something out of the corner of his eye which makes him jump sideways very quickly , so giving the rider little chance to take avoiding action .
[otherwise] , he may suddenly see something out of the corner of his eye which makes him jump sideways very quickly , so giving the rider little chance to take avoiding action .

Could be alternatively older ones or something like that .
could be [otherwise] older ones or something like that .

Eighteen charges of attempted murder or alternatively causing grievous bodily harm relate to Becky Phillips 's twin sister , Katie and to other children aged between five weeks and six years .
eighteen charges of attempted murder or [otherwise] causing grievous bodily harm relate to becky phillips 's twin sister , katie and to other children aged between five weeks and six years .

Alternatively , the commission charged for the sale may make a scheme impractical for very small amounts although Fleming , for instance , will allow family holdings to be lumped together in one transaction .
[otherwise] , the commission charged for the sale may make a scheme impractical for very small amounts although fleming , for instance , will allow family holdings to be lumped together in one transaction .

Mr Douglas said : ‘ Mr Jackson would have taken the car back from Mr Ross or alternatively tried to arrange compensation for the mistake .
mr douglas said : ‘ mr jackson would have taken the car back from mr ross or [otherwise] tried to arrange compensation for the mistake .

Paul Pacitto , defending , said either the police were mistaken or alternatively three people had perjured themselves .
paul pacitto , defending , said either the police were mistaken or [otherwise] three people had perjured themselves .

Alternatively it could be you who 's cutting up rough because you think you 're being neglected and ignored .
[otherwise] it could be you who 's cutting up rough because you think you 're being neglected and ignored .

Alternatively any of the tackle shops can kit you with the vice and enough thread and feathers to get you started .
[otherwise] any of the tackle shops can kit you with the vice and enough thread and feathers to get you started .

Alternatively , you can go for a personal best with a view to improving your average next week .
[otherwise] , you can go for a personal best with a view to improving your average next week .

Alternatively , a survey may be used to gather data in circumstances where little or no control over the value of variables of interest is possible .
[otherwise] , a survey may be used to gather data in circumstances where little or no control over the value of variables of interest is possible .

Alternatively , if enough additional blocks can be found , it may be possible to allocate the treatments in such a way that any treatment comparison can be made within at least one block .
[otherwise] , if enough additional blocks can be found , it may be possible to allocate the treatments in such a way that any treatment comparison can be made within at least one block .

Alternatively , firms will pass on the ‘ excess ’ component of the settlement in higher prices , and real wages will rise by less than expected .
[otherwise] , firms will pass on the ‘ excess ’ component of the settlement in higher prices , and real wages will rise by less than expected .

Alternatively , a bonus of one share for every 15 held after three years is being offered on allocations of up to 1,500 shares .
[otherwise] , a bonus of one share for every 15 held after three years is being offered on allocations of up to 1,500 shares .

Alternatively , you could put it in a pot and grow sweet peas in it , or lettuce or house plants .
[otherwise] , you could put it in a pot and grow sweet peas in it , or lettuce or house plants .

Alternatively , text can be centred over a single column so that , if the text is too wide for that column , it will overlap the left and right of the column equally .
[otherwise] , text can be centred over a single column so that , if the text is too wide for that column , it will overlap the left and right of the column equally .

Alternatively , the analyst could say these different sentences to a group of listeners and ask them all to write down what attitudes they thought were being expressed ; however , we have a vast range of adjectives available for labelling attitudes and the members of the group would probably produce a very large number of such adjectives , leaving the analyst with the problem of deciding whether pairs such as ‘ pompous ’ and ‘ stuck-up ’ , or ‘ obsequious ’ and ‘ sycophantic ’ were synonyms or represented different attitudes .
[otherwise] , the analyst could say these different sentences to a group of listeners and ask them all to write down what attitudes they thought were being expressed ; however , we have a vast range of adjectives available for labelling attitudes and the members of the group would probably produce a very large number of such adjectives , leaving the analyst with the problem of deciding whether pairs such as ‘ pompous ’ and ‘ stuck-up ’ , or ‘ obsequious ’ and ‘ sycophantic ’ were synonyms or represented different attitudes .

In a series of sharp , local attacks , the initiative lay alternatively with either side .
in a series of sharp , local attacks , the initiative lay [otherwise] with either side .

Alternatively , instead of saving , the individual could borrow and so spend more than his present income in the present period .
[otherwise] , instead of saving , the individual could borrow and so spend more than his present income in the present period .

Alternatively extra inductance can be added to the secondary circuit , taking care to avoid further mutually inductive couplings .
[otherwise] extra inductance can be added to the secondary circuit , taking care to avoid further mutually inductive couplings .

Of course , stability is alternatively assured if the closed and open-loop plots intersect at a frequency at which the open-loop gain is less than unity .
of course , stability is [otherwise] assured if the closed and open-loop plots intersect at a frequency at which the open-loop gain is less than unity .

Alternatively , instruments can be sent and returned by carrier if you live too far away to visit personally .
[otherwise] , instruments can be sent and returned by carrier if you live too far away to visit personally .

Alternatively place a plate on the gravel and pour onto it , or use a clean ( no fertilisers or weedkillers ) watering can with a rose .
[otherwise] place a plate on the gravel and pour onto it , or use a clean ( no fertilisers or weedkillers ) watering can with a rose .

Alternatively a pair can be maintained and bred in an 18″ or 24″ tank of their own , or make excellent additions to a Discus aquarium as long as this is of the planted rather than the bare type .
[otherwise] a pair can be maintained and bred in an 18″ or 24″ tank of their own , or make excellent additions to a discus aquarium as long as this is of the planted rather than the bare type .

The alternative , which revolves around the controlled clogging of one filter so that it begins the anaerobic denitrification process while the other handles aerobic filtration ( the 15/30 method referring to the day of the month when each filter must be alternatively cleaned ) , has never worked for us .
the alternative , which revolves around the controlled clogging of one filter so that it begins the anaerobic denitrification process while the other handles aerobic filtration ( the 15/30 method referring to the day of the month when each filter must be [otherwise] cleaned ) , has never worked for us .

Alternatively a secondhand sir manual camera can be bought for as little as £40 .
[otherwise] a secondhand sir manual camera can be bought for as little as £40 .

Alternatively , you can turn your back on nature entirely , using sculptural shapes and textures , which appeal to you in their own right .
[otherwise] , you can turn your back on nature entirely , using sculptural shapes and textures , which appeal to you in their own right .

The polypary may occur at the end of a stalk , giving the coral the appearance of a toadstool , or alternatively , in encrusting forms , the polypary may rest directly on the substrate , attaching itself by rootlike processes as the coral grows .
the polypary may occur at the end of a stalk , giving the coral the appearance of a toadstool , or [otherwise] , in encrusting forms , the polypary may rest directly on the substrate , attaching itself by rootlike processes as the coral grows .

Alternatively large open cell foam or plastic fibres will do .
[otherwise] large open cell foam or plastic fibres will do .

Alternatively dirt and silt could find their way back into the pond .
[otherwise] dirt and silt could find their way back into the pond .

It could also pay to go for the next larger filter if your pond is alternatively stocked .
it could also pay to go for the next larger filter if your pond is [otherwise] stocked .

Alternatively , use a rug or foam mat to protect you from a hard floor .
[otherwise] , use a rug or foam mat to protect you from a hard floor .

Alternatively , circuits may be built using basic components on the Plugblock ( prototype board ) — layouts are given in all cases .
[otherwise] , circuits may be built using basic components on the plugblock ( prototype board ) — layouts are given in all cases .

The designer can thus either simply design the copper track layout first , and then make the board the correct size to accommodate it , or alternatively define the size of the board to start with and then try to make the copper track pattern fit it .
the designer can thus either simply design the copper track layout first , and then make the board the correct size to accommodate it , or [otherwise] define the size of the board to start with and then try to make the copper track pattern fit it .

Radio frequency ( r.f. ) circuits can also have their own quirks , especially when one considers that two adjacent copper tracks can act as an air-spaced capacitor ! Alternatively a double-sided board may have an inherent capacitive characteristic when you consider that copper tracks on both sides of the board , separated by the board itself , may give rise to a dielectric effect .
radio frequency ( r.f. ) circuits can also have their own quirks , especially when one considers that two adjacent copper tracks can act as an air-spaced capacitor ! [otherwise] a double-sided board may have an inherent capacitive characteristic when you consider that copper tracks on both sides of the board , separated by the board itself , may give rise to a dielectric effect .

Alternatively , the transfers can be scraped away with a scalpel .
[otherwise] , the transfers can be scraped away with a scalpel .

If two of the family are chatting about something special , perhaps they could do it another time or alternatively make absolutely sure that you know what it is all about . You should still play a full part in
if two of the family are chatting about something special , perhaps they could do it another time or [otherwise] make absolutely sure that you know what it is all about . you should still play a full part in

The best compromise is probably as follows — condition and dechlorinate the water to be used , and use one or more of the filter starter type solutions or powders , alternatively wash out an old filter sponge or the like in the tank .
the best compromise is probably as follows — condition and dechlorinate the water to be used , and use one or more of the filter starter type solutions or powders , [otherwise] wash out an old filter sponge or the like in the tank .

Alternatively , you have to adjust the features of your tapwater to the requirements of the fish you choose .
[otherwise] , you have to adjust the features of your tapwater to the requirements of the fish you choose .

Alternatively , rearrange the aquarium decor so that the fish are too puzzled about their home to notice newcomers .
[otherwise] , rearrange the aquarium decor so that the fish are too puzzled about their home to notice newcomers .

Mail order : Alternatively you may decide to order your lilies via mail order .
mail order : [otherwise] you may decide to order your lilies via mail order .

Alternatively you can use a handful of bonemeal or hoof and horn mixed with the soil .
[otherwise] you can use a handful of bonemeal or hoof and horn mixed with the soil .

Alternatively varnish it with polyurethane varnish .
[otherwise] varnish it with polyurethane varnish .

Alternatively , set up a 24″ tank and grow Caulerpa separately .
[otherwise] , set up a 24″ tank and grow caulerpa separately .

Alternatively , you can opt for an integrated or fully-integrated model .
[otherwise] , you can opt for an integrated or fully-integrated model .

Alternatively you can try to apply the sensitive etch-resist ink yourself , and special positive-working aerosols are available for this purpose .
[otherwise] you can try to apply the sensitive etch-resist ink yourself , and special positive-working aerosols are available for this purpose .

Alternatively , servo extension leads can be ‘ cannibalised ’ to provide the required plugs or sockets .
[otherwise] , servo extension leads can be ‘ cannibalised ’ to provide the required plugs or sockets .

Alternatively , you can completely rearrange the decor in the tank so that the bully becomes confused .
[otherwise] , you can completely rearrange the decor in the tank so that the bully becomes confused .

Alternatively , catch the Hooked On The Sixties show , from Friday , October 16 , to Monday , October 19 .
[otherwise] , catch the hooked on the sixties show , from friday , october 16 , to monday , october 19 .

Alternatively a copy will be sent to you by post .
[otherwise] a copy will be sent to you by post .

Alternatively , a year 's au-pairing in France , a beauty therapy course or half-a-dozen driving lessons did the trick .
[otherwise] , a year 's au-pairing in france , a beauty therapy course or half-a-dozen driving lessons did the trick .

Alternatively you can employ someone to care for your relative at home .
[otherwise] you can employ someone to care for your relative at home .

Alternatively you can leave the canal , crossing bridge 13 and follow a bridleway on old drove roads to rejoin the canal at bridge 8 .
[otherwise] you can leave the canal , crossing bridge 13 and follow a bridleway on old drove roads to rejoin the canal at bridge 8 .

Alternatively these techniques could be applied to every one of the candidate strings for each word position identified as a potential error ( again it should be noted that this assumes that errors can be identified , which may be doubtful for our system ) .
[otherwise] these techniques could be applied to every one of the candidate strings for each word position identified as a potential error ( again it should be noted that this assumes that errors can be identified , which may be doubtful for our system ) .

It can alternatively be stored in an array where the number of array elements is the number of words in the lexicon .
it can [otherwise] be stored in an array where the number of array elements is the number of words in the lexicon .

Alternatively you can get to the same point by ferry .
[otherwise] you can get to the same point by ferry .

Then either leave to rehydrate , then eat or alternatively cook for a few minutes before eating .
then either leave to rehydrate , then eat or [otherwise] cook for a few minutes before eating .

April 5 1986 Alternatively , born to have two more Top 60 smashes and die like dogs . Does n't Mr Hipsway look cool , ladies ?
april 5 1986 [otherwise] , born to have two more top 60 smashes and die like dogs . does n't mr hipsway look cool , ladies ?

Alternatively it might use the wind rather than fighting it : it would allow the wind to lift it up and then come down , flapping its wings and ‘ closing down ’ until it was able to drop .
[otherwise] it might use the wind rather than fighting it : it would allow the wind to lift it up and then come down , flapping its wings and ‘ closing down ’ until it was able to drop .

Alternatively , fly with the same company on August 29 from Luton for seven-nights self-catering on the Costa Blanca for £219 .
[otherwise] , fly with the same company on august 29 from luton for seven-nights self-catering on the costa blanca for £219 .

Alternatively , if the relocation package is poor but the redundancy package generous , few staff will opt to move , leading to many redundancy claims and a recruitment and training problem when the company moves to the new area .
[otherwise] , if the relocation package is poor but the redundancy package generous , few staff will opt to move , leading to many redundancy claims and a recruitment and training problem when the company moves to the new area .

Alternatively , if the employee receives promotion after refusing a transfer , this may be seen as a precedent by other staff when their turn comes to be asked to move .
[otherwise] , if the employee receives promotion after refusing a transfer , this may be seen as a precedent by other staff when their turn comes to be asked to move .

Alternatively , if the move is phased , some parts of the new building will need to be completed ahead of others .
[otherwise] , if the move is phased , some parts of the new building will need to be completed ahead of others .

Alternatively , the relocation package may be more or less generous .
[otherwise] , the relocation package may be more or less generous .

Alternatively , assistance can be based on a sliding scale , with greater financial help given to key employees and the more junior workers given only some elements of the package .
[otherwise] , assistance can be based on a sliding scale , with greater financial help given to key employees and the more junior workers given only some elements of the package .

Alternatively , they may employ an independent third party , such as a relocation company , to undertake this task .
[otherwise] , they may employ an independent third party , such as a relocation company , to undertake this task .

Alternatively , in organisations where such postings are advertised internally , there may be only one candidate who comes forward for selection .
[otherwise] , in organisations where such postings are advertised internally , there may be only one candidate who comes forward for selection .

Alternatively , or in addition to this , wives may be given help in re-entering employment when the couple return to Britain on completing their assignment .
[otherwise] , or in addition to this , wives may be given help in re-entering employment when the couple return to britain on completing their assignment .

Alternatively , the company provides a compensation package which amounts to an addition to the employee 's salary — of which any not spent on housing may be kept .
[otherwise] , the company provides a compensation package which amounts to an addition to the employee 's salary — of which any not spent on housing may be kept .

Alternatively , laws-of-war considerations can lead to advocacy of the enhanced radiation weapon or neutron bomb , on the grounds that it is aimed specifically to destroy military targets ( Johnson , 1984 , pp .
[otherwise] , laws-of-war considerations can lead to advocacy of the enhanced radiation weapon or neutron bomb , on the grounds that it is aimed specifically to destroy military targets ( johnson , 1984 , pp .

Alternatively , pre-recorded sound effects are available from
[otherwise] , pre-recorded sound effects are available from

Alternatively you could read it and then spend some time thinking about it !
[otherwise] you could read it and then spend some time thinking about it !

Alternatively , if they are on the telephone , a call , well beforehand , to ask if it is convenient is usually appreciated .
[otherwise] , if they are on the telephone , a call , well beforehand , to ask if it is convenient is usually appreciated .

Alternatively , membership of one of the many different kinds of clubs that exist to suit all interests , or attendance at a Day Centre may be the answer for them , and we shall be examining some of these possibilities in detail later .
[otherwise] , membership of one of the many different kinds of clubs that exist to suit all interests , or attendance at a day centre may be the answer for them , and we shall be examining some of these possibilities in detail later .

Vary the number of bounces before sending the current Fuzzy left , or alternatively stop the Fuzzy in mid-transfer , then continue when the Demon moves past .
vary the number of bounces before sending the current fuzzy left , or [otherwise] stop the fuzzy in mid-transfer , then continue when the demon moves past .

At noon today the caliph must show the sacred sceptre , to prove his right over the realm of Baghdad ( alternatively he could always start another Gulf War ) .
at noon today the caliph must show the sacred sceptre , to prove his right over the realm of baghdad ( [otherwise] he could always start another gulf war ) .

Alternatively , you could use an underpainting white or alkyd white , both of which dry quickly .
[otherwise] , you could use an underpainting white or alkyd white , both of which dry quickly .

Alternatively , apply bronzing gel , or dust bronzing powder , over your upper back and shoulders .
[otherwise] , apply bronzing gel , or dust bronzing powder , over your upper back and shoulders .

Alternatively , you could use a medium-weight microfibre , wool or a wool mix , leaving it unlined , or lining it with the fabric of your choice .
[otherwise] , you could use a medium-weight microfibre , wool or a wool mix , leaving it unlined , or lining it with the fabric of your choice .

Alternatively , get in touch with the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders , which has a list of all models that take unleaded petrol .
[otherwise] , get in touch with the society of motor manufacturers and traders , which has a list of all models that take unleaded petrol .

Alternatively , public transport vehicles could carry accompanied cycles , as they frequently do in Switzerland .
[otherwise] , public transport vehicles could carry accompanied cycles , as they frequently do in switzerland .

The birthday child can have a fancy dress made up of a card , either the Joker , the King of Spades or , alternatively , the Queen of Hearts .
the birthday child can have a fancy dress made up of a card , either the joker , the king of spades or , [otherwise] , the queen of hearts .

Alternatively , use mushrooms , one of which has its stem for the trunk portion .
[otherwise] , use mushrooms , one of which has its stem for the trunk portion .

Alternatively , make a frame out of a large piece of cardboard .
[otherwise] , make a frame out of a large piece of cardboard .

Its colours are probably the most spectacular in the Empire , consisting of purple and yellow , or alternatively purple and white .
its colours are probably the most spectacular in the empire , consisting of purple and yellow , or [otherwise] purple and white .

( Alternatively , it may be the social acceptance of the 10–7 risk of encountering such violent conditions . )
( [otherwise] , it may be the social acceptance of the 10–7 risk of encountering such violent conditions . )

Alternatively , send your business card to Customer Relations , Porsche Cars Great Britain Limited , Freepost , .
[otherwise] , send your business card to customer relations , porsche cars great britain limited , freepost , .

Alternatively , send your business card to Customer Relations , Porsche Cars Great Britain Limited , Freepost , Tel : .
[otherwise] , send your business card to customer relations , porsche cars great britain limited , freepost , tel : .

It would be diagnosed if the person complains of or shows such things as : poor appetite and weight loss ; disturbed sleep pattern ; loss of energy and an inability to experience pleasure ; feelings of guilt and self-reproach ; difficulty in concentrating ; suicidal thoughts ; and behaviour that is very greatly slowed down or , alternatively , agitated and restless .
it would be diagnosed if the person complains of or shows such things as : poor appetite and weight loss ; disturbed sleep pattern ; loss of energy and an inability to experience pleasure ; feelings of guilt and self-reproach ; difficulty in concentrating ; suicidal thoughts ; and behaviour that is very greatly slowed down or , [otherwise] , agitated and restless .

The difference between the normal and the schizophrenic is , then , solely a matter of degree , depending upon the extent to which the products of autism become fixed in place or , alternatively , remain under rational control .
the difference between the normal and the schizophrenic is , then , solely a matter of degree , depending upon the extent to which the products of autism become fixed in place or , [otherwise] , remain under rational control .

Alternatively , you could use an underpainting white or alkyd white , both of which dry quickly .
[otherwise] , you could use an underpainting white or alkyd white , both of which dry quickly .

Alternatively , pairs of vertical timbers in holes in the ground clasped horizontal members with wattle and daub infilling , or the uprights were staggered with panels of inter-woven wattles between them .
[otherwise] , pairs of vertical timbers in holes in the ground clasped horizontal members with wattle and daub infilling , or the uprights were staggered with panels of inter-woven wattles between them .

Alternatively , if the size and density of settlements were uniform throughout the country , then in some areas the dead were being carried over considerable distances for burial .
[otherwise] , if the size and density of settlements were uniform throughout the country , then in some areas the dead were being carried over considerable distances for burial .

Alternatively this may only be a change in the precious metal brought about by necessity , and silver coinage may have continued the earlier function of the gold coinage , as bullion .
[otherwise] this may only be a change in the precious metal brought about by necessity , and silver coinage may have continued the earlier function of the gold coinage , as bullion .

Alternatively , they may be given as a mark of generosity so as to increase the cohesive forces in society , known as levelling mechanisms .
[otherwise] , they may be given as a mark of generosity so as to increase the cohesive forces in society , known as levelling mechanisms .

Alternatively it may be suggested that the metal alloys from which the bracteates and their loops were made need not always be from the same source .
[otherwise] it may be suggested that the metal alloys from which the bracteates and their loops were made need not always be from the same source .

The selected garnet had to be split and then shaped to fit the cells and patterns ; alternatively , the cells may have been shaped to take the pre-cut garnets .
the selected garnet had to be split and then shaped to fit the cells and patterns ; [otherwise] , the cells may have been shaped to take the pre-cut garnets .

Alternatively , these parameters may change over time , and solutions of essentially the same problem at different time periods may be required .
[otherwise] , these parameters may change over time , and solutions of essentially the same problem at different time periods may be required .

Alternatively , write with a stamped addressed envelope to : .
[otherwise] , write with a stamped addressed envelope to : .

While you have too much of a good thing , there never seem to be to many cables on a warm sweater but to prevent them becoming overwhelming , they are sometimes improved by crossing each strip over alternatively .
while you have too much of a good thing , there never seem to be to many cables on a warm sweater but to prevent them becoming overwhelming , they are sometimes improved by crossing each strip over [otherwise] .

Alternatively , and no less awe-inspiring , if the cloud conditions are right , you ascend through the mist until you break out into the sun somewhere before the summit from where you look down on a sea of white cloud with many peaks bursting through .
[otherwise] , and no less awe-inspiring , if the cloud conditions are right , you ascend through the mist until you break out into the sun somewhere before the summit from where you look down on a sea of white cloud with many peaks bursting through .

Pet shops are a source of supply , alternatively try camping or climbing stores .
pet shops are a source of supply , [otherwise] try camping or climbing stores .

Alternatively , unplug the telephone but keep it near the socket for emergency use .
[otherwise] , unplug the telephone but keep it near the socket for emergency use .

African editors had to decide how to proceed : they could avoid politics , filling their pages instead with ‘ large pictures of lovely damsels ’ , become mere megaphones of the political élite or , alternatively , adopt the philosophy of the Nigerian Daily Times , which he described as ‘ militancy without hostility ’ .
african editors had to decide how to proceed : they could avoid politics , filling their pages instead with ‘ large pictures of lovely damsels ’ , become mere megaphones of the political élite or , [otherwise] , adopt the philosophy of the nigerian daily times , which he described as ‘ militancy without hostility ’ .

Alternatively , in some countries previously without a daily paper it has been the government which has started one : there would probably be no daily newspaper in the Central African Republic , Botswana , Niger , Mauritania or Chad had each of these countries ' governments not decided to finance one .
[otherwise] , in some countries previously without a daily paper it has been the government which has started one : there would probably be no daily newspaper in the central african republic , botswana , niger , mauritania or chad had each of these countries ' governments not decided to finance one .

Alternatively , quote someone else in a position of authority who can speak about you .
[otherwise] , quote someone else in a position of authority who can speak about you .

Alternatively , you could try a labour-saving electrical gadget which should give an even deeper massage , generally designed for use on your hips , thighs and bottom .
[otherwise] , you could try a labour-saving electrical gadget which should give an even deeper massage , generally designed for use on your hips , thighs and bottom .

Alternatively , try Arden 's Body Firming Treatment , £18/150ml , with moisturisers said to nourish the cells for healthier , firmer , younger looking skin .
[otherwise] , try arden 's body firming treatment , £18/150ml , with moisturisers said to nourish the cells for healthier , firmer , younger looking skin .

Alternatively , they could be had ready-printed with blanks in the text for completion by the funeral furnisher .
[otherwise] , they could be had ready-printed with blanks in the text for completion by the funeral furnisher .

Prior to fixing this lid the inner joints , base and sides were caulked with swedish pitch , the base covered with a shallow layer of bran and sawdust over which the bottom sheet was tacked — alternatively a fitted buttoned mattress could be supplied — then the side lining and , possibly , a ruched or broderie anglaise frill ; finally the pillow and the shrouded body .
prior to fixing this lid the inner joints , base and sides were caulked with swedish pitch , the base covered with a shallow layer of bran and sawdust over which the bottom sheet was tacked — [otherwise] a fitted buttoned mattress could be supplied — then the side lining and , possibly , a ruched or broderie anglaise frill ; finally the pillow and the shrouded body .

Alternatively , we could earn commission by putting such buyers in touch with a suitable finance house .
[otherwise] , we could earn commission by putting such buyers in touch with a suitable finance house .

Alternatively , if you are owed £750 or more you may issue and serve a statutory demand on your debtor requesting payment of your debt within 21 days .
[otherwise] , if you are owed £750 or more you may issue and serve a statutory demand on your debtor requesting payment of your debt within 21 days .

Alternatively , there may be sufficient capital but too much of it is tied up in plant , buildings or slow moving or non-moving stock with not enough left over to pay the wages on Friday .
[otherwise] , there may be sufficient capital but too much of it is tied up in plant , buildings or slow moving or non-moving stock with not enough left over to pay the wages on friday .

Alternatively , finance for the sale may be available from a third party such as a bank , finance house , hire purchase or leasing company .
[otherwise] , finance for the sale may be available from a third party such as a bank , finance house , hire purchase or leasing company .

Alternatively , turn to the mini review on page 108 .
[otherwise] , turn to the mini review on page 108 .

Alternatively , you can use the form designer to create your own form from scratch .
[otherwise] , you can use the form designer to create your own form from scratch .

The rule devised was that if a man 's goods could be valued at £1 , but less than £2 , or alternatively if he owned nothing but received wages of £1 a year , he should pay 4d .
the rule devised was that if a man 's goods could be valued at £1 , but less than £2 , or [otherwise] if he owned nothing but received wages of £1 a year , he should pay 4d .

Alternatively , such an entry might mean a temporary absence , on Church business if not a foray in quest of preferment .
[otherwise] , such an entry might mean a temporary absence , on church business if not a foray in quest of preferment .

It is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .
it is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or [otherwise] sit on just one .

Alternatively the Goblin might survive the impact and bounce around two or three times , possibly breaking a few bones but definitely causing considerable damage to the enemy he lands on .
[otherwise] the goblin might survive the impact and bounce around two or three times , possibly breaking a few bones but definitely causing considerable damage to the enemy he lands on .

Alternatively , use Doom Divers to zap the enemy 's artillery before it can damage your core units .
[otherwise] , use doom divers to zap the enemy 's artillery before it can damage your core units .

Alternatively you can substitute an ordinary Goblin model if you have one .
[otherwise] you can substitute an ordinary goblin model if you have one .

Alternatively , the differences are related to ungendered categories of ‘ race ’ , class , age , and sexuality , which are interpreted psychologically , minimizing their discursive complexity .
[otherwise] , the differences are related to ungendered categories of ‘ race ’ , class , age , and sexuality , which are interpreted psychologically , minimizing their discursive complexity .

Alternatively , feminist psychologists , like conventional psychologists , tend to study old and young female subjects in relation to events in the reproductive age-range ( Ussher 1989 ) .
[otherwise] , feminist psychologists , like conventional psychologists , tend to study old and young female subjects in relation to events in the reproductive age-range ( ussher 1989 ) .

Alternatively , it pursues liberal psychological and feminist interests in lesbian identity , relationships , and community , where lesbianism is treated as a self-explanatory and homogeneous category .
[otherwise] , it pursues liberal psychological and feminist interests in lesbian identity , relationships , and community , where lesbianism is treated as a self-explanatory and homogeneous category .

Alternatively , a highly female-identified procedure is adopted .
[otherwise] , a highly female-identified procedure is adopted .

Alternatively , feminist psychologists ' reduction of gender relations to the unconscious makes them see them as irrevocable .
[otherwise] , feminist psychologists ' reduction of gender relations to the unconscious makes them see them as irrevocable .

Alternatively , as many people do , you may look on retirement as the opportunity for a job switch ( with perhaps a reduction in hours ) or the chance you have always wanted of setting up on your own .
[otherwise] , as many people do , you may look on retirement as the opportunity for a job switch ( with perhaps a reduction in hours ) or the chance you have always wanted of setting up on your own .

Alternatively , as most of the larger charities will have covenant forms , you can approach the charity you wish to help direct .
[otherwise] , as most of the larger charities will have covenant forms , you can approach the charity you wish to help direct .

This method gives you the choice of having your pension paid direct into a bank or National Giro account ; or , alternatively , into an investment account with either the National Savings Bank or with most building societies .
this method gives you the choice of having your pension paid direct into a bank or national giro account ; or , [otherwise] , into an investment account with either the national savings bank or with most building societies .

Alternatively , if you expect to be in a high earning bracket , you might consider setting up a limited company , even if you are the only salaried employee , rather than launching the same business as a self-employed individual .
[otherwise] , if you expect to be in a high earning bracket , you might consider setting up a limited company , even if you are the only salaried employee , rather than launching the same business as a self-employed individual .

Alternatively , of course , as many people do , you could use the capital for a worthwhile project such as improving your home ; or , if you were planning to give something to your grandchildren , this could be an opportune time to settle it on them .
[otherwise] , of course , as many people do , you could use the capital for a worthwhile project such as improving your home ; or , if you were planning to give something to your grandchildren , this could be an opportune time to settle it on them .

Are the salary levels of those recruited by headhunters likely to go up or come down ? To what extent are headhunting firms moving into lower-level recruiting in order to maintain their own momentum of growth , and how is this being incorporated with their higher-level work ? Alternatively , are they likely to concentrate even more on the top end of the market , because their fees will rise pro rata with salaries and thus increase their fee income ? These and connected questions will be addressed in Chapter 7 .
are the salary levels of those recruited by headhunters likely to go up or come down ? to what extent are headhunting firms moving into lower-level recruiting in order to maintain their own momentum of growth , and how is this being incorporated with their higher-level work ? [otherwise] , are they likely to concentrate even more on the top end of the market , because their fees will rise pro rata with salaries and thus increase their fee income ? these and connected questions will be addressed in chapter 7 .

Alternatively you could take a right turn from the lane leading to Ings ( 2 miles from the Garburn road ) , and cross over a small hill top called Orrest Head ( 1.25 miles ) .
[otherwise] you could take a right turn from the lane leading to ings ( 2 miles from the garburn road ) , and cross over a small hill top called orrest head ( 1.25 miles ) .

Alternatively you can turn right along the forest road then go left and drop down off the road to follow a track and waymarkers down to the car park .
[otherwise] you can turn right along the forest road then go left and drop down off the road to follow a track and waymarkers down to the car park .

Alternatively , the power of religious belief may have been such that each community gave as much as it could afford .
[otherwise] , the power of religious belief may have been such that each community gave as much as it could afford .

Guilds could be the answer , or alternatively some form of temple control : either way , the tablets imply a minutely ordered society .
guilds could be the answer , or [otherwise] some form of temple control : either way , the tablets imply a minutely ordered society .

Alternatively , the Minoans may have singled out particular trees as sacred by the alighting of birds on their branches , since they regarded birds as epiphanies of deities .
[otherwise] , the minoans may have singled out particular trees as sacred by the alighting of birds on their branches , since they regarded birds as epiphanies of deities .

Alternatively or additionally , the axe may have symbolized the Sky-god or Thunder-god .
[otherwise] or additionally , the axe may have symbolized the sky-god or thunder-god .

Alternatively , eustatic changes in non-glacial periods can be produced by changes in the cumulative length of active spreading ridges , which will obviously relate to changes in plate patterns ( Hallam , 1977 ) .
[otherwise] , eustatic changes in non-glacial periods can be produced by changes in the cumulative length of active spreading ridges , which will obviously relate to changes in plate patterns ( hallam , 1977 ) .

Alternatively , or in association , it could be that the pronounced environmental changes associated with the regression events act to destabilize intraspecific selection pressures and hence promote speciation .
[otherwise] , or in association , it could be that the pronounced environmental changes associated with the regression events act to destabilize intraspecific selection pressures and hence promote speciation .

Alternatively you could extend your walk from the summit of Grisedale Pike and head over south-west to Hopegill Head and join the forest road at Swinside .
[otherwise] you could extend your walk from the summit of grisedale pike and head over south-west to hopegill head and join the forest road at swinside .

Alternatively you can reach the ridge from Pontypool park .
[otherwise] you can reach the ridge from pontypool park .

Alternatively , try a French Manicure — natural pink polish with a slick of white at the nail tips .
[otherwise] , try a french manicure — natural pink polish with a slick of white at the nail tips .

Alternatively , general categories or headings are established and topics listed under these headings .
[otherwise] , general categories or headings are established and topics listed under these headings .

On top of these one can consider paper-based publishing against video-based publishing or , alternatively , one may consider technology , design and information management ( i.e .
on top of these one can consider paper-based publishing against video-based publishing or , [otherwise] , one may consider technology , design and information management ( i.e .

Alternatively the parents may use the child as a pawn in their battles and try to gain allegiance from the child ( Minuchin 1974 ; , Barker 1986 ) .
[otherwise] the parents may use the child as a pawn in their battles and try to gain allegiance from the child ( minuchin 1974 ; , barker 1986 ) .

Alternatively it is possible to reduce the value of the sticker by asking the children how many they would like .
[otherwise] it is possible to reduce the value of the sticker by asking the children how many they would like .

Alternatively parents may be unaware of the nutritional value of certain foods and may not understand the necessary balance in a diet .
[otherwise] parents may be unaware of the nutritional value of certain foods and may not understand the necessary balance in a diet .

Alternatively , fix with masonry nails direct to the wall , nailing through the back section of the frame , which will be covered by panels .
[otherwise] , fix with masonry nails direct to the wall , nailing through the back section of the frame , which will be covered by panels .

Super Glue gives instant bonding , and is available as a liquid in a safety bottle , or , alternatively , as a non-drip gel .
super glue gives instant bonding , and is available as a liquid in a safety bottle , or , [otherwise] , as a non-drip gel .

Alternatively , you can select one of the iron-on transfer designs — these can be used on most fabrics .
[otherwise] , you can select one of the iron-on transfer designs — these can be used on most fabrics .

Alternatively , you can knit the whole thing as an intarsia , thus minimising the length of the floats .
[otherwise] , you can knit the whole thing as an intarsia , thus minimising the length of the floats .

Alternatively you can feed the elastic through the carriage from the floor .
[otherwise] you can feed the elastic through the carriage from the floor .

Alternatively , holding the cast on comb against the front bed , use the single bed cast on method to provide the stitches on the front bed .
[otherwise] , holding the cast on comb against the front bed , use the single bed cast on method to provide the stitches on the front bed .

Alternatively , if the behaviour is followed by an undesirable or noxious event on a regular basis , the response is likely to occur less frequently under similar conditions in the future .
[otherwise] , if the behaviour is followed by an undesirable or noxious event on a regular basis , the response is likely to occur less frequently under similar conditions in the future .

Alternatively , it may be because particular educational placements have very limited opportunities and few resources for this kind of activity .
[otherwise] , it may be because particular educational placements have very limited opportunities and few resources for this kind of activity .

The important role attributed to ‘ Motherese ’ in language development among normally developing children , has , in turn , fuelled speculation that some forms of language impairment may arise from the child having insufficient exposure to adult language or , alternatively , being among adults who adopt inappropriate styles of talking to young children .
the important role attributed to ‘ motherese ’ in language development among normally developing children , has , in turn , fuelled speculation that some forms of language impairment may arise from the child having insufficient exposure to adult language or , [otherwise] , being among adults who adopt inappropriate styles of talking to young children .

Alternatively , for a child with generally delayed language , it may be necessary to generate a set of priorities solely in terms of the communicative situations which the child has to deal with on a daily basis .
[otherwise] , for a child with generally delayed language , it may be necessary to generate a set of priorities solely in terms of the communicative situations which the child has to deal with on a daily basis .

Increasingly detailed levels of analysis might therefore be concerned with the patterning of sounds within words or , alternatively , with the relationship of words to other words or of words and sentences to the surrounding context ( Skinner 1957 ) .
increasingly detailed levels of analysis might therefore be concerned with the patterning of sounds within words or , [otherwise] , with the relationship of words to other words or of words and sentences to the surrounding context ( skinner 1957 ) .

Alternatively , if language problems are seen in terms of the child 's limited understanding of the rule system , this , in turn , might lead on to a programme of intervention designed to teach the child more about the rules assumed to underlie language use .
[otherwise] , if language problems are seen in terms of the child 's limited understanding of the rule system , this , in turn , might lead on to a programme of intervention designed to teach the child more about the rules assumed to underlie language use .

On the one hand , it may be indicative of the absence of a particular linguistic ability while , alternatively , it may be explained by influences unrelated to linguistic ability , such as lapses in attention , bore-dom or a failure to understand instructions .
on the one hand , it may be indicative of the absence of a particular linguistic ability while , [otherwise] , it may be explained by influences unrelated to linguistic ability , such as lapses in attention , bore-dom or a failure to understand instructions .

Alternatively , it may be considered appropriate to make a series of short recordings in different settings and compare the results .
[otherwise] , it may be considered appropriate to make a series of short recordings in different settings and compare the results .

Alternatively , the leader may no longer feel confident to continue in the situation of effectively soloing and require belays from his seconds to tackle more difficult sections .
[otherwise] , the leader may no longer feel confident to continue in the situation of effectively soloing and require belays from his seconds to tackle more difficult sections .

Alternatively , try Boots No 7 Defence 15 , £8.15/50ml , with a Sun Protection Factor of 15 , which contains oils and silicone fluids to provide a protective mantle over the skin which repels airborne pollutants !
[otherwise] , try boots no 7 defence 15 , £8.15/50ml , with a sun protection factor of 15 , which contains oils and silicone fluids to provide a protective mantle over the skin which repels airborne pollutants !

Alternatively for the man who prefers to dry shave , the latest in electric shavers comes from brand leaders Phillips .
[otherwise] for the man who prefers to dry shave , the latest in electric shavers comes from brand leaders phillips .

Alternatively , knit the stalks , awns and leaves all the same shade of soft brown on a slightly lighter green background ( Sample 2 ) .
[otherwise] , knit the stalks , awns and leaves all the same shade of soft brown on a slightly lighter green background ( sample 2 ) .

Alternatively , on Brother and Toyota machines , you can lay the weaving yarn across the selected needles at the beginning of every row .
[otherwise] , on brother and toyota machines , you can lay the weaving yarn across the selected needles at the beginning of every row .

You may not dislike the person ( or alternatively , you may ) but you do n't want to see them then , at all .
you may not dislike the person ( or [otherwise] , you may ) but you do n't want to see them then , at all .

Alternatively , they may say why they do n't like it — bitter , but still useful .
[otherwise] , they may say why they do n't like it — bitter , but still useful .

They might have been refused by mainstream publishers or alternatively , and this is the more likely , they are making a positive choice to do it this way , since self-publication means that the writers can determine exactly what goes into their printed work .
they might have been refused by mainstream publishers or [otherwise] , and this is the more likely , they are making a positive choice to do it this way , since self-publication means that the writers can determine exactly what goes into their printed work .

Alternatively a short term 48 hour bath in a hospital tank at a dose of 40mg per litre .
[otherwise] a short term 48 hour bath in a hospital tank at a dose of 40mg per litre .

As for filtration , any of the small internal power filters such as the Rena Filty will suffice , or alternatively use one of the foam filters such as the Algarde Biofoam or a small box filter .
as for filtration , any of the small internal power filters such as the rena filty will suffice , or [otherwise] use one of the foam filters such as the algarde biofoam or a small box filter .

Alternatively , these topics might be reflected in a set of link types , such as ‘ principles ’ and ‘ systems ’ .
[otherwise] , these topics might be reflected in a set of link types , such as ‘ principles ’ and ‘ systems ’ .

Alternatively , an object-oriented data-base system such as GemStone [ 26 ] could have been employed .
[otherwise] , an object-oriented data-base system such as gemstone [ 26 ] could have been employed .

Or alternatively we can accept the differences and reject the conclusions drawn from them , stressing instead the value of women 's ways of doing things .
or [otherwise] we can accept the differences and reject the conclusions drawn from them , stressing instead the value of women 's ways of doing things .

Alternatively , the pronoun problem may be avoided by recasting a sentence ( for example , ‘ pick up baby when he cries ’ might become ‘ always pick up a crying baby ’ ) or by pluralising ( ‘ pick up babies when they cry ’ ) .
[otherwise] , the pronoun problem may be avoided by recasting a sentence ( for example , ‘ pick up baby when he cries ’ might become ‘ always pick up a crying baby ’ ) or by pluralising ( ‘ pick up babies when they cry ’ ) .

When using the daisy as a border in conjunction with the edging , ensure that the centre of the daisy coincides with the centre of either the upward arc of the yellow section or the downward curve of the white section or alternatively one then the other ( as in the sample ) .
when using the daisy as a border in conjunction with the edging , ensure that the centre of the daisy coincides with the centre of either the upward arc of the yellow section or the downward curve of the white section or [otherwise] one then the other ( as in the sample ) .

Alternatively , for the ‘ foxglove ’ part of the design you can use pastel green ( for the leaves ) and pastel pink ( for the flowers as background colours and dark green as the contrast .
[otherwise] , for the ‘ foxglove ’ part of the design you can use pastel green ( for the leaves ) and pastel pink ( for the flowers as background colours and dark green as the contrast .

To make tritium you can fuse a neutron onto a deuteron , or alternatively add a neutron to 6 Li ( lithium-6 ) which splits to yield one atom of tritium and one of 4 He .
to make tritium you can fuse a neutron onto a deuteron , or [otherwise] add a neutron to 6 li ( lithium-6 ) which splits to yield one atom of tritium and one of 4 he .

However , it is believed that in the virgin planet 's oceans there evolved , by chance , complicated molecules called ‘ proteinoid globules ’ ( or ‘ proteinoid microspheres ’ ) ; alternatively , these molecules might have formed on the slopes of the primordial volcanoes and been washed , by rain , down to the seas .
however , it is believed that in the virgin planet 's oceans there evolved , by chance , complicated molecules called ‘ proteinoid globules ’ ( or ‘ proteinoid microspheres ’ ) ; [otherwise] , these molecules might have formed on the slopes of the primordial volcanoes and been washed , by rain , down to the seas .

Alternatively , if the immortals were not capable of reproduction , their species would inevitably stagnate , be unable to adapt and in the end — through accident or otherwise — die out .
[otherwise] , if the immortals were not capable of reproduction , their species would inevitably stagnate , be unable to adapt and in the end — through accident or otherwise — die out .

Alternatively , perhaps neutrinos are much more elusive than we think , so that they evade with ease the traps we set them .
[otherwise] , perhaps neutrinos are much more elusive than we think , so that they evade with ease the traps we set them .

You can then press a few sprays from the top of the stem or , alternatively , press the entire empty stem , encouraging it to bend in a pleasing curve , and then re-assemble the bells on to the stem when you come to use it in a design .
you can then press a few sprays from the top of the stem or , [otherwise] , press the entire empty stem , encouraging it to bend in a pleasing curve , and then re-assemble the bells on to the stem when you come to use it in a design .

Alternatively , and especially if the damage is extensive , you can use a rubber mould material to make an impression of a piece of moulding that matches the missing section .
[otherwise] , and especially if the damage is extensive , you can use a rubber mould material to make an impression of a piece of moulding that matches the missing section .

Alternatively , you could create a small design as though it were in a vase or a natural spray , and then surround it with an archway of flowers This would then have no mount , but just a plainish frame , to avoid the overall effect seeming too cluttered .
[otherwise] , you could create a small design as though it were in a vase or a natural spray , and then surround it with an archway of flowers this would then have no mount , but just a plainish frame , to avoid the overall effect seeming too cluttered .

Alternatively , if you are not happy with your design , perhaps because some of it has come unglued or a crease has formed in the backing material , then you will have to remove the glass and rectify the problem before starting this process all over again .
[otherwise] , if you are not happy with your design , perhaps because some of it has come unglued or a crease has formed in the backing material , then you will have to remove the glass and rectify the problem before starting this process all over again .

Alternatively you can use the actual name of the flower , such as forget-me-not .
[otherwise] you can use the actual name of the flower , such as forget-me-not .

Alternatively , many picture framers have some heat-sealing equipment , and are prepared to seal items for you .
[otherwise] , many picture framers have some heat-sealing equipment , and are prepared to seal items for you .

Alternatively , several pieces of music , and perhaps all the works of your favourite composer , could be placed in the same frame , and there are many variations on this theme that you can follow .
[otherwise] , several pieces of music , and perhaps all the works of your favourite composer , could be placed in the same frame , and there are many variations on this theme that you can follow .

Alternatively , you could decorate the order of service , if one was printed , or even write out the words of one of the hymns used and frame it with a selection of the pressed flowers .
[otherwise] , you could decorate the order of service , if one was printed , or even write out the words of one of the hymns used and frame it with a selection of the pressed flowers .

Alternatively , you could press some similar flowers in the same colourings and use those to decorate the picture .
[otherwise] , you could press some similar flowers in the same colourings and use those to decorate the picture .

Alternatively , as adults they may make their own decision to live an ordinary life and not pursue brilliance .
[otherwise] , as adults they may make their own decision to live an ordinary life and not pursue brilliance .

Alternatively , Blackburn may lose patience in their wait for Nottingham Forest midfielder Roy Keane and plump for Earle .
[otherwise] , blackburn may lose patience in their wait for nottingham forest midfielder roy keane and plump for earle .

Alternatively , any firm which has made a definite decision not to seek authorisation must ensure that it understands what constitutes investment business and , having established that it can refer clients to suitable authorised independent advisers , avoid further involvement like the plague .
[otherwise] , any firm which has made a definite decision not to seek authorisation must ensure that it understands what constitutes investment business and , having established that it can refer clients to suitable authorised independent advisers , avoid further involvement like the plague .

Alternatively , a formula may be given which fixes the basis by which the relief is to be computed when profits and/or amounts available for claim are ascertained .
[otherwise] , a formula may be given which fixes the basis by which the relief is to be computed when profits and/or amounts available for claim are ascertained .

Alternatively , the ‘ lost object ’ is yearned and hungered for even more .
[otherwise] , the ‘ lost object ’ is yearned and hungered for even more .

Alternatively , the moral values of a particular group within the society under study may be adopted .
[otherwise] , the moral values of a particular group within the society under study may be adopted .

Alternatively , the tract could be subdivided , or the responsibility for cultivation could be rotated from year to year .
[otherwise] , the tract could be subdivided , or the responsibility for cultivation could be rotated from year to year .

Alternatively it could be the result of negotiation between the complainant and defendant .
[otherwise] it could be the result of negotiation between the complainant and defendant .

Alternatively , the agreement should be subject to rectification ; or the agreement should be declared void ab initio ; and as a final option , the agreement should , in equity , be rescinded .
[otherwise] , the agreement should be subject to rectification ; or the agreement should be declared void ab initio ; and as a final option , the agreement should , in equity , be rescinded .

Alternatively , make for Tower Bridge , but time is again of the essence as huge numbers of loving relatives and friends will try to do the same and space is limited .
[otherwise] , make for tower bridge , but time is again of the essence as huge numbers of loving relatives and friends will try to do the same and space is limited .

Ann Blades held the office of ‘ Empress of the Bullards ’ or ‘ Nan Roberts ’ , as she was alternatively called , until her death in 1808 , when she was succeeded by Mrs Jorden .
ann blades held the office of ‘ empress of the bullards ’ or ‘ nan roberts ’ , as she was [otherwise] called , until her death in 1808 , when she was succeeded by mrs jorden .

Alternatively it may be that you hanker after some lost love and are therefore convinced that we are doing the same , when in most cases nothing could be further from the truth .
[otherwise] it may be that you hanker after some lost love and are therefore convinced that we are doing the same , when in most cases nothing could be further from the truth .

Alternatively , try a 1990 Crozes-Hermitage , Cuvée Louis Belle , from Oddbins at £6.99 .
[otherwise] , try a 1990 crozes-hermitage , cuvée louis belle , from oddbins at £6.99 .

Alternatively , pretend to take some yourself , so that it becomes a shared ritual .
[otherwise] , pretend to take some yourself , so that it becomes a shared ritual .

This override may even enable you to make full picture fades ; alternatively , you may have the facility of a separate fade button which will fade both picture and sound simultaneously .
this override may even enable you to make full picture fades ; [otherwise] , you may have the facility of a separate fade button which will fade both picture and sound simultaneously .

’ Alternatively , you could let the recording run on , picking the best point at which to end it ( and start recording the next sequence ) later .
’ [otherwise] , you could let the recording run on , picking the best point at which to end it ( and start recording the next sequence ) later .

Alternatively , you can record your own effects on cassette ( see Chapter 10 ) .
[otherwise] , you can record your own effects on cassette ( see chapter 10 ) .

Alternatively , the light can be bounced off special reflectors , and sheets of white expanded polystyrene are ideal for this purpose .
[otherwise] , the light can be bounced off special reflectors , and sheets of white expanded polystyrene are ideal for this purpose .

The firm will need to decide whether partners ' drawings should be paid gross without allowing for any tax reserve , or , alternatively , whether to withhold tax which is not a partnership liability , but an individual partner 's liability .
the firm will need to decide whether partners ' drawings should be paid gross without allowing for any tax reserve , or , [otherwise] , whether to withhold tax which is not a partnership liability , but an individual partner 's liability .

If , alternatively , it was a gift then it was incomplete , since the transfers of property had not been made and it might be said , therefore , that the cousins could revoke the incomplete gift .
if , [otherwise] , it was a gift then it was incomplete , since the transfers of property had not been made and it might be said , therefore , that the cousins could revoke the incomplete gift .

Alternatively , if the company fell on hard times , the instrument took on not only a debt , but a highly onerous debt feature when the company 's need would have been for equity .
[otherwise] , if the company fell on hard times , the instrument took on not only a debt , but a highly onerous debt feature when the company 's need would have been for equity .

Alternatively , Money Management lists all the investment and unit trusts and gives details of the top performers in each category .
[otherwise] , money management lists all the investment and unit trusts and gives details of the top performers in each category .

Alternatively , there is the cash management option , a current account paying high interest rates when the balance exceeds £5,000 .
[otherwise] , there is the cash management option , a current account paying high interest rates when the balance exceeds £5,000 .

The Crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased operating or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .
the crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased operating or , [otherwise] , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .

Alternatively , lessons could finish much later .
[otherwise] , lessons could finish much later .

Alternatively , he could always have chatted up one of the drivers of Middleton & Co. 's waggon , asking if there was a bit of spare room for an extra body when they left for the King 's Arms in Holborn on a Sunday evening or a Monday morning .
[otherwise] , he could always have chatted up one of the drivers of middleton & co. 's waggon , asking if there was a bit of spare room for an extra body when they left for the king 's arms in holborn on a sunday evening or a monday morning .

Alternatively , information can be faxed directly into a system .
[otherwise] , information can be faxed directly into a system .

Glial growth factors are alternatively spliced erbB2 ligands expressed in the nervous system
glial growth factors are [otherwise] spliced erbb2 ligands expressed in the nervous system

Although the three purified GGFs are products of one gene , specific assignment of a single mRNA to each protein is made difficult by the large number of alternatively spliced mRNA variants .
although the three purified ggfs are products of one gene , specific assignment of a single mrna to each protein is made difficult by the large number of [otherwise] spliced mrna variants .

Alternatively the decrease might be due to a progressive increase in vortex pinning in the superfluid as the neutron star slows down and cools .
[otherwise] the decrease might be due to a progressive increase in vortex pinning in the superfluid as the neutron star slows down and cools .

Alternatively , it may be that Sivapithecus precedes the splitting of the great apes , so that the combination of cranial characters shared by it and the orang-utan must have arisen independently .
[otherwise] , it may be that sivapithecus precedes the splitting of the great apes , so that the combination of cranial characters shared by it and the orang-utan must have arisen independently .

Alternatively , the life history might be depressed below this optimal compromise by deleterious mutations : because selection against late-acting mutations is weaker , these will impose a greater load on late life .
[otherwise] , the life history might be depressed below this optimal compromise by deleterious mutations : because selection against late-acting mutations is weaker , these will impose a greater load on late life .

Perhaps part of the problem is that far too much has been expected of positivist criminology or , alternatively , positivist criminologists have been responsible for fostering too grandiose expectations .
perhaps part of the problem is that far too much has been expected of positivist criminology or , [otherwise] , positivist criminologists have been responsible for fostering too grandiose expectations .

Alternatively , they are expressed vicariously through tastes in films and television .
[otherwise] , they are expressed vicariously through tastes in films and television .

Or alternatively — a conclusion that this column would prefer to endorse — economics needs to take psychology more seriously .
or [otherwise] — a conclusion that this column would prefer to endorse — economics needs to take psychology more seriously .

It is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .
it is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or [otherwise] sit on just one .

The Whig reformers had their own political views in mind when they described the typical Scottish politician as a man whose position was secured by extensive bribery of a small venal electorate concerned only with individual advantage , or , alternatively , by the politician ignoring the true electorate and placing reliance upon nominal and fictitious voters who had been added to the freeholders rolls in the counties .
the whig reformers had their own political views in mind when they described the typical scottish politician as a man whose position was secured by extensive bribery of a small venal electorate concerned only with individual advantage , or , [otherwise] , by the politician ignoring the true electorate and placing reliance upon nominal and fictitious voters who had been added to the freeholders rolls in the counties .

Alternatively , the duke might give the post to someone who would take it in order to oblige the town council of Glasgow , perhaps even a member of that council , or one of the town 's lawyers .
[otherwise] , the duke might give the post to someone who would take it in order to oblige the town council of glasgow , perhaps even a member of that council , or one of the town 's lawyers .

Alternatively , in the present economic climate , the power relationships between the different agencies may result in professionals vying to serve the needs of prospective clients since they have vested interests in defining the needs of their clients and expanding the numbers they serve in order to safeguard their own jobs .
[otherwise] , in the present economic climate , the power relationships between the different agencies may result in professionals vying to serve the needs of prospective clients since they have vested interests in defining the needs of their clients and expanding the numbers they serve in order to safeguard their own jobs .

Things happen to the skin : people sweat and go clammy ; they may be flushed or alternatively may lose their colour ; spots , boils , rashes and other irritations can develop ; and out .
things happen to the skin : people sweat and go clammy ; they may be flushed or [otherwise] may lose their colour ; spots , boils , rashes and other irritations can develop ; and out .

Stress affects posture : often people look slumped , their shoulders sag and they hunch their back ; alternatively they hold themselves very rigid so that the muscles of the shoulders and neck especially are set ; their face takes on a fixed expression with perhaps staring eyes or clenched jaw ; muscular tics and involuntary twitches can arise ; for some people cramp is stress-related .
stress affects posture : often people look slumped , their shoulders sag and they hunch their back ; [otherwise] they hold themselves very rigid so that the muscles of the shoulders and neck especially are set ; their face takes on a fixed expression with perhaps staring eyes or clenched jaw ; muscular tics and involuntary twitches can arise ; for some people cramp is stress-related .

Alternatively people whose predominant coping strategy is to blame , project and rationalize may find themselves drifting towards isolation as well , as other people 's patience and tolerance wear thin .
[otherwise] people whose predominant coping strategy is to blame , project and rationalize may find themselves drifting towards isolation as well , as other people 's patience and tolerance wear thin .

Alternatively , it might be said that the talk about words conveying ideas it not to be taken seriously .
[otherwise] , it might be said that the talk about words conveying ideas it not to be taken seriously .

This change will allow the Gallery to set itself up permanently on a proper funding basis , with the possibility of a number of options : it could move into public ownership , either national or local ; alternatively , a private sponsor might come forward and take on the entire enterprise .
this change will allow the gallery to set itself up permanently on a proper funding basis , with the possibility of a number of options : it could move into public ownership , either national or local ; [otherwise] , a private sponsor might come forward and take on the entire enterprise .

Alternatively we can rent a small boat and row along the channels through the reeds and into the lakes .
[otherwise] we can rent a small boat and row along the channels through the reeds and into the lakes .

Alternatively , it can be used as an independent , project-based video course for young teenagers .
[otherwise] , it can be used as an independent , project-based video course for young teenagers .

Second , it may ‘ subordinate the natural in human conditions to the moral ’ , or , alternatively , ‘ subordinate the moral to the natural ’ .
second , it may ‘ subordinate the natural in human conditions to the moral ’ , or , [otherwise] , ‘ subordinate the moral to the natural ’ .

Alternatively , is traditional dogmatic theology to be retained , but in a form of synthetic alliance with traditional natural theology of the kind Barth was so determined to avoid ?
[otherwise] , is traditional dogmatic theology to be retained , but in a form of synthetic alliance with traditional natural theology of the kind barth was so determined to avoid ?

Alternatively , some of the larger North American Sunbass , such as Lepomis gibbosus , would make suitable companions , provided they are not small enough to be eaten .
[otherwise] , some of the larger north american sunbass , such as lepomis gibbosus , would make suitable companions , provided they are not small enough to be eaten .

Alternatively , you can enjoy higher internal temperatures than before without increasing your heating bills , but in this case there will be no direct savings , just a greater degree of comfort .
[otherwise] , you can enjoy higher internal temperatures than before without increasing your heating bills , but in this case there will be no direct savings , just a greater degree of comfort .

Alternatively , use standard furnishing fabric and match it up to other furnishings in the room .
[otherwise] , use standard furnishing fabric and match it up to other furnishings in the room .

Things go badly wrong when there has been some extreme untoward event such as a fire , an earthquake or a bomb , alternatively an unanticipated combination of faults may occur within the plant itself .
things go badly wrong when there has been some extreme untoward event such as a fire , an earthquake or a bomb , [otherwise] an unanticipated combination of faults may occur within the plant itself .

Alternatively if the process is highly complex the emphasis may be on the pattern of events as indicated by a network of blocks with a specialist symbol indicating the many points within the system for which information for the operator might appear and another symbol for points where he can interfere in the system dynamics ( Fig. 1.27 ) .
[otherwise] if the process is highly complex the emphasis may be on the pattern of events as indicated by a network of blocks with a specialist symbol indicating the many points within the system for which information for the operator might appear and another symbol for points where he can interfere in the system dynamics ( fig. 1.27 ) .

Alternatively , the adventurers could stumble across a group encamped somewhere in the hills , presenting them with the choice of trying to sneak around unobserved , or mounting a surprise attack .
[otherwise] , the adventurers could stumble across a group encamped somewhere in the hills , presenting them with the choice of trying to sneak around unobserved , or mounting a surprise attack .

Alternatively , the Carrion can attack just as the adventurers reach the final approaches to the Castle , as detailed below .
[otherwise] , the carrion can attack just as the adventurers reach the final approaches to the castle , as detailed below .

Alternatively , they can be taken to the entrance to what Bardul knows only as ‘ the rooms of light and darkness ’ , where ( Bardul believes ) Drachenfels has some important magical secrets hidden .
[otherwise] , they can be taken to the entrance to what bardul knows only as ‘ the rooms of light and darkness ’ , where ( bardul believes ) drachenfels has some important magical secrets hidden .

Alternatively , you can make an intriguing doom-laden prediction ( ‘ beware the old Tilean who walks with a limp — he carries a poisoned blade for you ’ ) which you can make come true at any later time you like .
[otherwise] , you can make an intriguing doom-laden prediction ( ‘ beware the old tilean who walks with a limp — he carries a poisoned blade for you ’ ) which you can make come true at any later time you like .

Alternatively , for those who regard this definition as too restrictive — particularly in its implicit overtones of stability , regularity and mutual accommodation between the parties — the central core of the subject is the ‘ study of the process of control over work relations ’ ( Hyman , 1975 , p. 12 ) .
[otherwise] , for those who regard this definition as too restrictive — particularly in its implicit overtones of stability , regularity and mutual accommodation between the parties — the central core of the subject is the ‘ study of the process of control over work relations ’ ( hyman , 1975 , p. 12 ) .

Alternatively , the studies could begin explicitly with a priori hypotheses about the relationships between environmental variables and industrial relations arrangements and proceed to test their validity — corroborating , relativising , refining or rejecting them — via an examination of the experience of a number of different countries .
[otherwise] , the studies could begin explicitly with a priori hypotheses about the relationships between environmental variables and industrial relations arrangements and proceed to test their validity — corroborating , relativising , refining or rejecting them — via an examination of the experience of a number of different countries .

Alternatively , he may have devised the anti-clerical legislation of the period 1529 to 1533 as a weapon to bludgeon the pope into granting the annulment , only to resort to the supremacy as an emergency measure when Anne Boleyn became pregnant in 1533 .
[otherwise] , he may have devised the anti-clerical legislation of the period 1529 to 1533 as a weapon to bludgeon the pope into granting the annulment , only to resort to the supremacy as an emergency measure when anne boleyn became pregnant in 1533 .

Ideally use a floorboard saw , or alternatively a general purpose saw with fairly fine teeth to cut down between two boards .
ideally use a floorboard saw , or [otherwise] a general purpose saw with fairly fine teeth to cut down between two boards .

Alternatively , they are concerned with passing on the culture from one generation to the next , and with critically understanding what that culture consists of .
[otherwise] , they are concerned with passing on the culture from one generation to the next , and with critically understanding what that culture consists of .

‘ … a pulpy magma , fluffy , puffy and dripping , within which alternatively gaped and closed air holes , pustules , pimples , alveoli , cankers and ventricles … ’
‘ … a pulpy magma , fluffy , puffy and dripping , within which [otherwise] gaped and closed air holes , pustules , pimples , alveoli , cankers and ventricles … ’

Alternatively , all moulding sections can be stained , finished , etc , before cutting
[otherwise] , all moulding sections can be stained , finished , etc , before cutting

Alternatively , you might like to choose a bath made from vitreous-enamelled , pressed steel , which looks like cast iron , but is n't so heavy , and is much cheaper .
[otherwise] , you might like to choose a bath made from vitreous-enamelled , pressed steel , which looks like cast iron , but is n't so heavy , and is much cheaper .

Alternatively , ask if you could top up with a repayment loan .
[otherwise] , ask if you could top up with a repayment loan .

‘ Alternatively , you could retain Briar Cottage .
‘ [otherwise] , you could retain briar cottage .

Suitable for rebinding : very badly in need of it ; alternatively ,
suitable for rebinding : very badly in need of it ; [otherwise] ,

Alternatively they can argue with Lenin that liberal democracy is the best possible shell for capitalism .
[otherwise] they can argue with lenin that liberal democracy is the best possible shell for capitalism .

Alternatively , socialist parties can maintain their ideology intact , keeping the class ready for a revolutionary opportunity but see their support possibly dwindle to restrictive ‘ ghetto ’ status .
[otherwise] , socialist parties can maintain their ideology intact , keeping the class ready for a revolutionary opportunity but see their support possibly dwindle to restrictive ‘ ghetto ’ status .

As against the chaos , or alternatively the uncritical archaism , of such moral thought , he recommends that we tidy up our ethical language so that the words have a firm utilitarian sense .
as against the chaos , or [otherwise] the uncritical archaism , of such moral thought , he recommends that we tidy up our ethical language so that the words have a firm utilitarian sense .

By doing this , we separate off everything which counts for or against it in virtue of its effects , or alternatively , its contribution to the formation of certain wholes .
by doing this , we separate off everything which counts for or against it in virtue of its effects , or [otherwise] , its contribution to the formation of certain wholes .

Alternatively , Exminster could remain as the hospital for elderly mentally ill patients , allowing a planned closure of Digby Hospital after short-stay beds had been established in Torbay and North Devon .
[otherwise] , exminster could remain as the hospital for elderly mentally ill patients , allowing a planned closure of digby hospital after short-stay beds had been established in torbay and north devon .

We asked whether they would be the support group to a line which we would rebuilt or , alternatively , take a seat on a joint board .
we asked whether they would be the support group to a line which we would rebuilt or , [otherwise] , take a seat on a joint board .

Alternatively , there are often many puppies to choose from , and these will be much easier to train than older animals , as bad habits will not yet be ingrained .
[otherwise] , there are often many puppies to choose from , and these will be much easier to train than older animals , as bad habits will not yet be ingrained .

Alternatively , you can allow the dog out into the garden , encouraging it to perform here by the use of the words ‘ clean dog ’ or whatever phrase you decide to choose to demand such activity .
[otherwise] , you can allow the dog out into the garden , encouraging it to perform here by the use of the words ‘ clean dog ’ or whatever phrase you decide to choose to demand such activity .

Alternatively , larvae which fail to establish themselves and are passed out in the faeces , may find another host and begin producing eggs .
[otherwise] , larvae which fail to establish themselves and are passed out in the faeces , may find another host and begin producing eggs .

Alternatively , it may simply attempt to stand up or sit .
[otherwise] , it may simply attempt to stand up or sit .

Alternatively , you will need to empty the bath and refill it with clean water .
[otherwise] , you will need to empty the bath and refill it with clean water .

Alternatively , you can call it to stay , but in the excitement of the moment and in strange surroundings , the dog may not comply .
[otherwise] , you can call it to stay , but in the excitement of the moment and in strange surroundings , the dog may not comply .

Alternatively , they may have been mistreated , and so only respond to that particular stimulus .
[otherwise] , they may have been mistreated , and so only respond to that particular stimulus .

Some hotels will accept dogs , but alternatively , if you have a large travelling cage , your pet may be happy to bed down here in the car , especially if provided with a favourite blanket .
some hotels will accept dogs , but [otherwise] , if you have a large travelling cage , your pet may be happy to bed down here in the car , especially if provided with a favourite blanket .

Alternatively , you could open the dog 's mouth and remove the item .
[otherwise] , you could open the dog 's mouth and remove the item .

The most commonly seen current formulations of this model alternatively emphasize either a maximizing human nature determined by biology , or a tabula rasa wholly tractable to the collective will of society , either the ‘ selfish gene ’ , or the selfless primitive communist at one with the collective consciousness of his group .
the most commonly seen current formulations of this model [otherwise] emphasize either a maximizing human nature determined by biology , or a tabula rasa wholly tractable to the collective will of society , either the ‘ selfish gene ’ , or the selfless primitive communist at one with the collective consciousness of his group .

What is more , they begin to consume their victims while they are still alive , or , alternatively , once they have begun to rot .
what is more , they begin to consume their victims while they are still alive , or , [otherwise] , once they have begun to rot .

Alternatively , home-base could be a vast artificial satellite , a moon of plasteel in orbit around any of those .
[otherwise] , home-base could be a vast artificial satellite , a moon of plasteel in orbit around any of those .

Alternatively the builder may prefer to provide public liability and employer 's liability insurance on behalf of all sub-contractors , either without charge or by deduction of ’ say 1 % from the payments made .
[otherwise] the builder may prefer to provide public liability and employer 's liability insurance on behalf of all sub-contractors , either without charge or by deduction of ’ say 1 % from the payments made .

( e ) Bedding wall plates — rate per linear m or alternatively a lump sum item .
( e ) bedding wall plates — rate per linear m or [otherwise] a lump sum item .

( c ) The gang leader may agree rates with the builder and pay lower rates to other gang members , or alternatively sub-let the work at lower rates to other independent gangs .
( c ) the gang leader may agree rates with the builder and pay lower rates to other gang members , or [otherwise] sub-let the work at lower rates to other independent gangs .

The builder 's surveyor will normally remeasure the work executed by labour and material sub-contractors , who may agree the measurements on site or alternatively submit a formal invoice or payment request for the builder 's surveyor to check and approve .
the builder 's surveyor will normally remeasure the work executed by labour and material sub-contractors , who may agree the measurements on site or [otherwise] submit a formal invoice or payment request for the builder 's surveyor to check and approve .

Alternatively the contractor may sub-let the work to a domestic sub-contractor with the written consent of the architect .
[otherwise] the contractor may sub-let the work to a domestic sub-contractor with the written consent of the architect .

Alternatively the quantities can be taken off from the drawings or extracted from the builder 's estimate .
[otherwise] the quantities can be taken off from the drawings or extracted from the builder 's estimate .

Alternatively , it is possible to mitigate against any loss by arranging insurance cover .
[otherwise] , it is possible to mitigate against any loss by arranging insurance cover .

Alternatively an even briefer statement is sometimes included , such as : ’ Stocks and land , including development costs and construction thereon , are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value . ’
[otherwise] an even briefer statement is sometimes included , such as : ’ stocks and land , including development costs and construction thereon , are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value . ’

Alternatively , you may come to the conclusion that there is a real distinction between the authorities , and in this event the problem must be looked at from the point of view of general legal principle or public policy to decide whether it should be brought under the one head or the other .
[otherwise] , you may come to the conclusion that there is a real distinction between the authorities , and in this event the problem must be looked at from the point of view of general legal principle or public policy to decide whether it should be brought under the one head or the other .

It may have been enacted beforehand by the witnesses , so that they testify to what they have actually witnessed ; alternatively , the organiser of the mock trial may simply have given to each witness a statement of his evidence , which he is expected to remember .
it may have been enacted beforehand by the witnesses , so that they testify to what they have actually witnessed ; [otherwise] , the organiser of the mock trial may simply have given to each witness a statement of his evidence , which he is expected to remember .

Alternatively , the case can be modelled upon an actual case in one of the Trials Series ( below , p.233 ) .
[otherwise] , the case can be modelled upon an actual case in one of the trials series ( below , p.233 ) .

Alternatively , the Current Law Citator indexes all the cases , of whatever date , that have been judicially considered or affected by statute since 1947 .
[otherwise] , the current law citator indexes all the cases , of whatever date , that have been judicially considered or affected by statute since 1947 .

This is a sort of default mechanism which tells the reader that the participant last mentioned or , alternatively , the one in focus or the one that can be inferred on grounds of logic or context , is the subject of the following clause ( s ) unless otherwise indicated ( see discussion of theme and Chinese-style topic in Chapter 5 , section 5.1.1.4 ) .
this is a sort of default mechanism which tells the reader that the participant last mentioned or , [otherwise] , the one in focus or the one that can be inferred on grounds of logic or context , is the subject of the following clause ( s ) unless otherwise indicated ( see discussion of theme and chinese-style topic in chapter 5 , section 5.1.1.4 ) .

Subrules 1a and 1b specify that in monomorphemic monosyllables ( o ) will be realized as a raised and lengthened variant before a voiceless fricative occurring either alone or in a cluster ; alternatively , it will be raised and lengthened before any voiced consonant either alone or in a cluster .
subrules 1a and 1b specify that in monomorphemic monosyllables ( o ) will be realized as a raised and lengthened variant before a voiceless fricative occurring either alone or in a cluster ; [otherwise] , it will be raised and lengthened before any voiced consonant either alone or in a cluster .

Alternatively , the master can refuse to deliver the cargo until freight is paid .
[otherwise] , the master can refuse to deliver the cargo until freight is paid .

Alternatively the pop industry is seen as an amoral instigator — so unlike Fleet Street !
[otherwise] the pop industry is seen as an amoral instigator — so unlike fleet street !

Alternatively , because these needs are contradictory it inhibits progress toward user participation and control ( Dartington et al .
[otherwise] , because these needs are contradictory it inhibits progress toward user participation and control ( dartington et al .

Alternatively , private ownership might be necessary for our full development as moral agents , for instance , in order to foster a sense of responsibility and prudence .
[otherwise] , private ownership might be necessary for our full development as moral agents , for instance , in order to foster a sense of responsibility and prudence .

Alternatively , there is the example of some churches overseas , where an instrumental prelude sets the mood and is the beginning of the service .
[otherwise] , there is the example of some churches overseas , where an instrumental prelude sets the mood and is the beginning of the service .

Alternatively , these assets are left untouched , and are inherited by the grandparents ' children .
[otherwise] , these assets are left untouched , and are inherited by the grandparents ' children .

Alternatively , we can make the decision that decent wages should be paid to all workers who carry out their duties properly and effectively , and that this increased wage level may need to be reflected in the price of the good or service .
[otherwise] , we can make the decision that decent wages should be paid to all workers who carry out their duties properly and effectively , and that this increased wage level may need to be reflected in the price of the good or service .

Alternatively , it may be done through linking rewards not to individual efforts but to organizational success and service .
[otherwise] , it may be done through linking rewards not to individual efforts but to organizational success and service .

Alternatively , the court may hold that occupancy was shared between the guest and the hotel .
[otherwise] , the court may hold that occupancy was shared between the guest and the hotel .

These were either the study of technology integrated within a general study of human adaption to the environment , which presupposed a particularly immediate relationship between society and the environment , or alternatively an anthropology of art which , by contrast , emphasized the greatest possible distance between people and their environment , in order to focus upon exotic and esoteric practices .
these were either the study of technology integrated within a general study of human adaption to the environment , which presupposed a particularly immediate relationship between society and the environment , or [otherwise] an anthropology of art which , by contrast , emphasized the greatest possible distance between people and their environment , in order to focus upon exotic and esoteric practices .

The interplay between these sequences and the tendency either to see representational figures in pattern , or alternatively to repeat representational figures in such a way that they reduce to pattern , was held by Boas to be the foundation of art and design , providing the basic dimensions which united the diverse media of craft production , music , dance and poetry .
the interplay between these sequences and the tendency either to see representational figures in pattern , or [otherwise] to repeat representational figures in such a way that they reduce to pattern , was held by boas to be the foundation of art and design , providing the basic dimensions which united the diverse media of craft production , music , dance and poetry .

Efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .
efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or [otherwise] ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .

Alternatively , it might be that a negative cash flow occurs at the end of the project 's life cycle .
[otherwise] , it might be that a negative cash flow occurs at the end of the project 's life cycle .

Alternatively , some of this type of work could well be done on the side , that is , alongside work of a more directed nature where rewards are more easily identifiable .
[otherwise] , some of this type of work could well be done on the side , that is , alongside work of a more directed nature where rewards are more easily identifiable .

Alternatively , the upstream team has to articulate better the consequences of its decisions .
[otherwise] , the upstream team has to articulate better the consequences of its decisions .

To summarise : a lexeme is a family of lexical units ; a lexical unit is the union of a single sense with a lexical form ; a lexical form is an abstraction from a set of word forms ( or alternatively — it is a family of word forms ) which differ only in respect of inflections .
to summarise : a lexeme is a family of lexical units ; a lexical unit is the union of a single sense with a lexical form ; a lexical form is an abstraction from a set of word forms ( or [otherwise] — it is a family of word forms ) which differ only in respect of inflections .

On from Gotein is the little town , or alternatively the large village , of Tardets-Sorholus .
on from gotein is the little town , or [otherwise] the large village , of tardets-sorholus .

For more than half the road up you climb between more beech forests — the beech flourishes in these parts because it likes the moisture — and in spring or autumn you get that seasonal effect , whereby the trees that are only starting to turn brown at the foot of the pass are already losing many of their leaves at the top , or alternatively are still half-wintry at the top when already fully greened lower down .
for more than half the road up you climb between more beech forests — the beech flourishes in these parts because it likes the moisture — and in spring or autumn you get that seasonal effect , whereby the trees that are only starting to turn brown at the foot of the pass are already losing many of their leaves at the top , or [otherwise] are still half-wintry at the top when already fully greened lower down .

Alternatively the nature of any institution is read off from its underlying role in reproducing the social structure of which it is a part .
[otherwise] the nature of any institution is read off from its underlying role in reproducing the social structure of which it is a part .

Alternatively , it may provide a means of translating atrocity stories from simple acts of individual testimony into public iconographies , monuments in the living museum of collective memory .
[otherwise] , it may provide a means of translating atrocity stories from simple acts of individual testimony into public iconographies , monuments in the living museum of collective memory .

Alternatively , a computer-initiated dialogue may be used in which the operator is presented with a series of questions that advances the user through the program in a linear fashion .
[otherwise] , a computer-initiated dialogue may be used in which the operator is presented with a series of questions that advances the user through the program in a linear fashion .

Alternatively , the designer may commence working in `` free-space `` and later declare it as having fu
[otherwise] , the designer may commence working in `` free-space `` and later declare it as having fu

Alternatively , an analysis program may be run or a model made .
[otherwise] , an analysis program may be run or a model made .

He may alternatively request that the view be detailed to a lower level , in order to ascertain whether or not a geometric clash actually occurs .
he may [otherwise] request that the view be detailed to a lower level , in order to ascertain whether or not a geometric clash actually occurs .

Alternatively , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms triggered whenever these are exceeded .
[otherwise] , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms triggered whenever these are exceeded .

If the chair is taken by a woman the same phrase can be used or alternatively `` Madam Chairman `` .
if the chair is taken by a woman the same phrase can be used or [otherwise] `` madam chairman `` .

Quietly but firmly interrupt him , and answer the question yourself ; or alternatively , deliberately ask someone other than Mr Know-All to answer it .
quietly but firmly interrupt him , and answer the question yourself ; or [otherwise] , deliberately ask someone other than mr know-all to answer it .

Alternatively , we may choose , leading to .
[otherwise] , we may choose , leading to .

Alternatively , we may say that the plates are so close to each other ( as it would be in a practical diode ) that the electron beam has n't got a chance to spread .
[otherwise] , we may say that the plates are so close to each other ( as it would be in a practical diode ) that the electron beam has n't got a chance to spread .

Alternatively , one may introduce a coupling coefficient and rewrite eqns ( 4.52 ) and ( 4.53 ) in the form .
[otherwise] , one may introduce a coupling coefficient and rewrite eqns ( 4.52 ) and ( 4.53 ) in the form .

Lead urns are elegant with trailing jasmine , catmint , rue and lavender ; clay parsley pots could alternatively have small plants of feverfew pushed into all the openings , to flower all summer .
lead urns are elegant with trailing jasmine , catmint , rue and lavender ; clay parsley pots could [otherwise] have small plants of feverfew pushed into all the openings , to flower all summer .

Watch the seed carefully , as it ripens suddenly and will fall without warning ; alternatively cut the flower stems just as the smell of the seeds start to change and become pleasant , and hang to finish ripening in paper bags .
watch the seed carefully , as it ripens suddenly and will fall without warning ; [otherwise] cut the flower stems just as the smell of the seeds start to change and become pleasant , and hang to finish ripening in paper bags .

Alternatively sow in pots and pot on to grow in 10 or 12cm ( 8in ) apart , and keep the seedlings clear of weeds .
[otherwise] sow in pots and pot on to grow in 10 or 12cm ( 8in ) apart , and keep the seedlings clear of weeds .

Alternatively some manufacturers produce recorders which are highly portable and have special built-in features such as an editing capability and the capacity to produce your own word captions .
[otherwise] some manufacturers produce recorders which are highly portable and have special built-in features such as an editing capability and the capacity to produce your own word captions .

Alternatively a range of different video materials could be used in a period earmarked for video .
[otherwise] a range of different video materials could be used in a period earmarked for video .

Alternatively an historian may select that evidence which matches the interpretation which he or she wants to put on it .
[otherwise] an historian may select that evidence which matches the interpretation which he or she wants to put on it .

Alternatively , we might expect the predation- pattern to show a form of apostatic selection ( Clarke , 1962 ) : the dog-whelks choosing the most frequently encountered of the potential prey species .
[otherwise] , we might expect the predation- pattern to show a form of apostatic selection ( clarke , 1962 ) : the dog-whelks choosing the most frequently encountered of the potential prey species .

They may either remain attached to the same rock , or alternatively detach themselves and float away to find another site .
they may either remain attached to the same rock , or [otherwise] detach themselves and float away to find another site .

Alternatively , regular washing out of foam or pre-filter pad may be required .
[otherwise] , regular washing out of foam or pre-filter pad may be required .

For front projection , the projector is still threaded up reversing left and right , as in rear projection ( it is put in the ‘ wrong ’ way round in order to come out correct in the final composite ) ; but instead of being behind a translucent screen it s in front of , and to one side of , a glass beaded screen which reflects nearly 100 per cent of the light falling on it but on y in the direction from which it came Though the projector is at 90° to the camera-screen axis and its beam is therefore initially parallel to the plane of the screen , passing in front of the actors in the foreground this beam is deflected by a half-silvered mirror at an angle of 45° to the beam This semi-transparent mirror is coated at the front ( unlike normal mirrors , coated behind the glass ) with a very thin layer of aluminium — silver tarnishes too easily Alternatively , the layer of aluminium may be spattered on , so that tiny reflective spots of metal are interspersed with tiny transparent gaps So , although it reflects the beam , the camera can photograph both the action and the reflection from the screen through the mirror Though the mirror reflects the still or moving image from the projector on to the actors and any foreground props or sets as well as on to the screen , the level of illumination of the image is much less than that on the actors , so the camera records only that part of the image reflected from the screen .
for front projection , the projector is still threaded up reversing left and right , as in rear projection ( it is put in the ‘ wrong ’ way round in order to come out correct in the final composite ) ; but instead of being behind a translucent screen it s in front of , and to one side of , a glass beaded screen which reflects nearly 100 per cent of the light falling on it but on y in the direction from which it came though the projector is at 90° to the camera-screen axis and its beam is therefore initially parallel to the plane of the screen , passing in front of the actors in the foreground this beam is deflected by a half-silvered mirror at an angle of 45° to the beam this semi-transparent mirror is coated at the front ( unlike normal mirrors , coated behind the glass ) with a very thin layer of aluminium — silver tarnishes too easily [otherwise] , the layer of aluminium may be spattered on , so that tiny reflective spots of metal are interspersed with tiny transparent gaps so , although it reflects the beam , the camera can photograph both the action and the reflection from the screen through the mirror though the mirror reflects the still or moving image from the projector on to the actors and any foreground props or sets as well as on to the screen , the level of illumination of the image is much less than that on the actors , so the camera records only that part of the image reflected from the screen .

The question will arise : should a re-investigation be conducted from scratch , avoiding in the first instance the records and materials created by the primary investigation or , alternatively , should it be started as a review of the previous investigation 's record ?
the question will arise : should a re-investigation be conducted from scratch , avoiding in the first instance the records and materials created by the primary investigation or , [otherwise] , should it be started as a review of the previous investigation 's record ?

Alternatively , judicial review is sought of the decision of the justices on Monday , 19 February 1990 , that they had no jurisdiction to hear and decide the issue whether Mr. Bell had been in breach of a condition of his bail .
[otherwise] , judicial review is sought of the decision of the justices on monday , 19 february 1990 , that they had no jurisdiction to hear and decide the issue whether mr. bell had been in breach of a condition of his bail .

It provides a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .
it provides a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or [otherwise] , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .

Alternatively , the man or woman may be trying to create a more intimate atmosphere as a prelude to a sexual encounter .
[otherwise] , the man or woman may be trying to create a more intimate atmosphere as a prelude to a sexual encounter .

The petitioner alleged that no compromise had been reached or , alternatively , that it had been cancelled .
the petitioner alleged that no compromise had been reached or , [otherwise] , that it had been cancelled .

Alternatively , a new discovery might occur as the result of an accident , as Roentgen was led to the discovery of X-rays by the constant blackening of photographic plates stored in the vicinity of his discharge tube .
[otherwise] , a new discovery might occur as the result of an accident , as roentgen was led to the discovery of x-rays by the constant blackening of photographic plates stored in the vicinity of his discharge tube .

Alternatively Aischines ' charge of ‘ bribery ’ could refer to vaguer but still politically valuable arrangements whereby the habitués of the ancient equivalent of the left-wing coffee-shop in a deme agreed to put forward no candidates in one year provided the right-wing coffee-shop held back the following year .
[otherwise] aischines ' charge of ‘ bribery ’ could refer to vaguer but still politically valuable arrangements whereby the habitués of the ancient equivalent of the left-wing coffee-shop in a deme agreed to put forward no candidates in one year provided the right-wing coffee-shop held back the following year .

Alternatively , in the extension of the tradition by the Schoenbergian avant garde , dissonance is felt to reflect an agonized response to the reified stability associated with ( absent ) consonance .
[otherwise] , in the extension of the tradition by the schoenbergian avant garde , dissonance is felt to reflect an agonized response to the reified stability associated with ( absent ) consonance .

If the Net Present Value is positive , this shows that an enterprise borrowing funds at the given interest rate would make a profit after meeting interest payments , or alternatively that an enterprise possessing surplus money capital would make a better return on the funds by carrying out the investment project rather than lending the funds at interest .
if the net present value is positive , this shows that an enterprise borrowing funds at the given interest rate would make a profit after meeting interest payments , or [otherwise] that an enterprise possessing surplus money capital would make a better return on the funds by carrying out the investment project rather than lending the funds at interest .

Alternatively gold lent itself as an inlay for enriching objects made from bronze or silver , such as the famous lion-hunt dagger from Mycenae or the bronze artefacts of Zhou China or the archaistic metal vessels of the Song dynasty .
[otherwise] gold lent itself as an inlay for enriching objects made from bronze or silver , such as the famous lion-hunt dagger from mycenae or the bronze artefacts of zhou china or the archaistic metal vessels of the song dynasty .

So , too , in Ponting v. Noakes , the plaintiff 's horse reached over the defendant 's boundary , nibbled some poisonous tree there and died accordingly , and it was held that the plaintiff could recover nothing , for the damage was due to the horse 's own intrusion and , alternatively , there had been no escape of the vegetation .
so , too , in ponting v. noakes , the plaintiff 's horse reached over the defendant 's boundary , nibbled some poisonous tree there and died accordingly , and it was held that the plaintiff could recover nothing , for the damage was due to the horse 's own intrusion and , [otherwise] , there had been no escape of the vegetation .

These agencies may be seen alternatively as implementers that affect the character of policy or as independent creators of policy forever in a relationship of tension with the ‘ centre ’ .
these agencies may be seen [otherwise] as implementers that affect the character of policy or as independent creators of policy forever in a relationship of tension with the ‘ centre ’ .

Alternatively she can propose a toast to the family of the bridegroom , or if they are not present , to the guests .
[otherwise] she can propose a toast to the family of the bridegroom , or if they are not present , to the guests .

Alternatively use a small tape recorder so that you can join in the conversation without notetaking .
[otherwise] use a small tape recorder so that you can join in the conversation without notetaking .

Alternatively , see if they are straining to hear you .
[otherwise] , see if they are straining to hear you .

Alternatively choose a quotation from the selection in the chapter entitled Quotations .
[otherwise] choose a quotation from the selection in the chapter entitled quotations .

Alternatively pick up a pen and a piece of paper and compose your own speech immediately after reading all these for inspiration .
[otherwise] pick up a pen and a piece of paper and compose your own speech immediately after reading all these for inspiration .

Alternatively it may have been because a rising number of night visits , increasingly performed before 1990 by deputies , increases health service expenditure as the cost of deputies is eventually reimbursed in the expense element of general practitioner remuneration .
[otherwise] it may have been because a rising number of night visits , increasingly performed before 1990 by deputies , increases health service expenditure as the cost of deputies is eventually reimbursed in the expense element of general practitioner remuneration .

Alternatively , consultants in communicable disease control could be based in public health laboratories and become their community arm , with the benefit of speedy transmission of microbiological information .
[otherwise] , consultants in communicable disease control could be based in public health laboratories and become their community arm , with the benefit of speedy transmission of microbiological information .

For details , write dire to the tourist office or , alternatively , contact the nearest branch of the Swiss National Tourist Office in the country of your departure .
for details , write dire to the tourist office or , [otherwise] , contact the nearest branch of the swiss national tourist office in the country of your departure .

vi Alternatively would it be better to pursue the Griffiths proposal of Community care as an integrated organisation for the planning and delivery of care to a variety of disabled groups ?
vi [otherwise] would it be better to pursue the griffiths proposal of community care as an integrated organisation for the planning and delivery of care to a variety of disabled groups ?

Further insights into the differential expression of alternatively spliced variants of tenascin will help us to understand differences between normal and tumor cell expression and function .
further insights into the differential expression of [otherwise] spliced variants of tenascin will help us to understand differences between normal and tumor cell expression and function .

Alternatively , the volume of data can be restricted by selecting a specific archaeological period or group of periods — the study might be confined to prehistoric archaeology world-wide , for example .
[otherwise] , the volume of data can be restricted by selecting a specific archaeological period or group of periods — the study might be confined to prehistoric archaeology world-wide , for example .

But alternatively it may be that his understanding is less certain than his comment suggests , and that further discussion would reveal doubts !
but [otherwise] it may be that his understanding is less certain than his comment suggests , and that further discussion would reveal doubts !

If we agree with this view , then women 's lower wages may be seen as either their just reward or , alternatively , as the result of a most unjust family system .
if we agree with this view , then women 's lower wages may be seen as either their just reward or , [otherwise] , as the result of a most unjust family system .

Alternatively one party may be arguing for a significant change or development in the law , and might actually be expecting to lose at first instance .
[otherwise] one party may be arguing for a significant change or development in the law , and might actually be expecting to lose at first instance .

( Alternatively we can read this as beginning with a clause in which the given is ellipted : ‘ although he was energetic and successful ’ . )
( [otherwise] we can read this as beginning with a clause in which the given is ellipted : ‘ although he was energetic and successful ’ . )

Alternatively , the sender may wish to make certain parts of the message the topic of what she is saying — the focus of attention — and others simply comments .
[otherwise] , the sender may wish to make certain parts of the message the topic of what she is saying — the focus of attention — and others simply comments .

Alternatively , the speaker can use a summarising phrase , often repeating the introductory expression , not necessarily low in pitch , but also followed by a lengthy pause .
[otherwise] , the speaker can use a summarising phrase , often repeating the introductory expression , not necessarily low in pitch , but also followed by a lengthy pause .

Caught after a spectacular downward stoop from a great height — or , alternatively , after beating low over the terrain to drop with a sudden pounce — the prey is eaten sometimes in flight , sometimes on the ground .
caught after a spectacular downward stoop from a great height — or , [otherwise] , after beating low over the terrain to drop with a sudden pounce — the prey is eaten sometimes in flight , sometimes on the ground .

The properties of examples are not always described with functions . For instance , one can either describe a species of bird with functions called lengthofbeak and shapeofbeak , so lengthofbeak(sparrow) = short shapeofbeak(sparrow) = straight or alternatively one can use binary relations called beaklength and beakshape : beaklength ( sparrow , short ) beakshape ( sparrow , straight )
the properties of examples are not always described with functions . for instance , one can either describe a species of bird with functions called lengthofbeak and shapeofbeak , so lengthofbeak(sparrow) = short shapeofbeak(sparrow) = straight or [otherwise] one can use binary relations called beaklength and beakshape : beaklength ( sparrow , short ) beakshape ( sparrow , straight )

The 16- or 17-year-old is conclusively presumed to be ‘ Gillick competent ’ or , alternatively , the test of ‘ Gillick competence ’ is bypassed and has no relevance .
the 16- or 17-year-old is conclusively presumed to be ‘ gillick competent ’ or , [otherwise] , the test of ‘ gillick competence ’ is bypassed and has no relevance .

By a notice of appeal dated 6 September 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the Act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the Act to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the Act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle ‘ generalibus specialia derogant , ’ in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the Act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .
by a notice of appeal dated 6 september 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the act to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle ‘ generalibus specialia derogant , ’ in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or [otherwise] into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .

‘ An order under section 6(2) requiring the third , fourth and fifth defendants to pay such sum as the court thinks fit to the plaintiffs or alternatively into court or alternatively to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 30 or , alternatively , to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 31 in such manner as the court may direct for the purpose of restoring persons who entered into transactions with the first defendant in the course of contravention of section 3 by the first defendant to the position in which they were before the transactions were entered into .
‘ an order under section 6(2) requiring the third , fourth and fifth defendants to pay such sum as the court thinks fit to the plaintiffs or [otherwise] into court or [otherwise] to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 30 or , [otherwise] , to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 31 in such manner as the court may direct for the purpose of restoring persons who entered into transactions with the first defendant in the course of contravention of section 3 by the first defendant to the position in which they were before the transactions were entered into .

‘ An order under section 61(1) that the third , fourth and fifth defendants and each of them pay such sum as the court thinks fit to the plaintiffs or alternatively into court or alternatively to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 30 or alternatively to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 31 in such manner as the court may direct or alternatively that they take such other steps as the court may direct for the purpose of remedying the contravention by the first defendant of sections 47 and 57 .
‘ an order under section 61(1) that the third , fourth and fifth defendants and each of them pay such sum as the court thinks fit to the plaintiffs or [otherwise] into court or [otherwise] to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 30 or [otherwise] to each and every investor who was a party to a transaction referred to in paragraph 31 in such manner as the court may direct or [otherwise] that they take such other steps as the court may direct for the purpose of remedying the contravention by the first defendant of sections 47 and 57 .

By summons , issued on 15 March 1991 , the third , fourth and fifth defendants asked , first , for an order that the action be struck out against them on the ground that it disclosed no reasonable cause of action or , alternatively , that paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer be struck out .
by summons , issued on 15 march 1991 , the third , fourth and fifth defendants asked , first , for an order that the action be struck out against them on the ground that it disclosed no reasonable cause of action or , [otherwise] , that paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer be struck out .

Alternatively the relevant available procedure should be substituted , should it be impossible to fix the sum : see p. 20 of the 1991 guide , para .
[otherwise] the relevant available procedure should be substituted , should it be impossible to fix the sum : see p. 20 of the 1991 guide , para .

She contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the warrant of execution .
she contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , [otherwise] , when the possession order took effect or , [otherwise] , when her client applied for the warrant of execution .

By a notice of appeal dated 22 July 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the Act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in England and Wales , or having a place of business in England and Wales , or carrying on business in England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with England and Wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 to serve the bank in Jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the Act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a Jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom Parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with England and Wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of England and Wales .
by a notice of appeal dated 22 july 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in england and wales , or having a place of business in england and wales , or carrying on business in england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; [otherwise] , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with england and wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the insolvency rules 1986 to serve the bank in jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with england and wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of england and wales .

On the defendants ' application for directions as to whether they were at liberty to comply with the Bank of England 's notice notwithstanding the terms of the injunction , or alternatively for variation or discharge of the injunction so as to permit such compliance : —
on the defendants ' application for directions as to whether they were at liberty to comply with the bank of england 's notice notwithstanding the terms of the injunction , or [otherwise] for variation or discharge of the injunction so as to permit such compliance : —

Alternatively , they submit that the injunction should be varied in order to give effect to the mandatory terms of section 39 , so as to permit the defendants to comply with the notice .
[otherwise] , they submit that the injunction should be varied in order to give effect to the mandatory terms of section 39 , so as to permit the defendants to comply with the notice .

Mr. Lassman argued successfully before the judge , and sought to argue before this court , that that final phrase , ‘ held in any computer , ’ should really be read as ‘ held in any other computer , ’ or alternatively should be read as ‘ held in any computer except the computer which has performed the function . ’
mr. lassman argued successfully before the judge , and sought to argue before this court , that that final phrase , ‘ held in any computer , ’ should really be read as ‘ held in any other computer , ’ or [otherwise] should be read as ‘ held in any computer except the computer which has performed the function . ’

Alternatively , they are matters together with those specifically mentioned below which would influence me against granting an injunction .
[otherwise] , they are matters together with those specifically mentioned below which would influence me against granting an injunction .

By notice of appeal dated 25 February 1991 the local authority appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that the cause of action accrued under section 10 of the Housing Act 1957 when the works were completed ; and ( 2 ) the judge ought to have held that on the true construction of , inter alia , section 10 the cause of action arose when the demands for payment were served or , alternatively , when the demands became operative following the determination of any appeal .
by notice of appeal dated 25 february 1991 the local authority appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that the cause of action accrued under section 10 of the housing act 1957 when the works were completed ; and ( 2 ) the judge ought to have held that on the true construction of , inter alia , section 10 the cause of action arose when the demands for payment were served or , [otherwise] , when the demands became operative following the determination of any appeal .

By a notice of appeal dated 24 December 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the Act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .
by a notice of appeal dated 24 december 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) [otherwise] , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .

By re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 August 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .
by re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 august 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , [otherwise] , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .

By a respondent 's notice dated 28 February 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
by a respondent 's notice dated 28 february 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the legal aid in family proceedings ( remuneration ) regulations 1991 or [otherwise] , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

Alternatively , the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets and arose or was derived from the places where those assets were when sold or licensed and remain ; all outside Hong Kong .
[otherwise] , the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets and arose or was derived from the places where those assets were when sold or licensed and remain ; all outside hong kong .

Alternatively , foreign yachts may go directly to the Royal Suva Yacht Club and clear immigration there .
[otherwise] , foreign yachts may go directly to the royal suva yacht club and clear immigration there .

Alternatively , Lebak Charters can organise invitations and visas .
[otherwise] , lebak charters can organise invitations and visas .

Alternatively , he or she may have a self-imposed rule not to drink before a certain time of day or on particular days , weeks or months or even years .
[otherwise] , he or she may have a self-imposed rule not to drink before a certain time of day or on particular days , weeks or months or even years .

Externalisation or blaming — The stresses and strains of a particular job or having too much money , or alternatively too little , may be blamed for alcoholism or drug addiction or other form of addictive disease , despite the fact that these problems are widespread throughout the whole of society .
externalisation or blaming — the stresses and strains of a particular job or having too much money , or [otherwise] too little , may be blamed for alcoholism or drug addiction or other form of addictive disease , despite the fact that these problems are widespread throughout the whole of society .

Any money given will either be spent directly on drugs or , alternatively , gifts in kind will either be sold or will enable other money to be spent on drugs .
any money given will either be spent directly on drugs or , [otherwise] , gifts in kind will either be sold or will enable other money to be spent on drugs .

The alternative permitted hours are , on weekdays 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , on Saturdays the same hours as for weekdays or alternatively , 1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , and on Sundays 12.30 pm .
the alternative permitted hours are , on weekdays 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , on saturdays the same hours as for weekdays or [otherwise] , 1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , and on sundays 12.30 pm .

Alternatively , where published statistics are not available , the forecaster may attempt to construct estimates of the total available market .
[otherwise] , where published statistics are not available , the forecaster may attempt to construct estimates of the total available market .

Alternatively , buying organisations may themselves be faced with concentration amongst suppliers , and find that there are fewer alternative sources of domestic supply .
[otherwise] , buying organisations may themselves be faced with concentration amongst suppliers , and find that there are fewer alternative sources of domestic supply .

Alternatively , Organisational processes such as `` value analysis `` may have shown that the specific requirement can be met in a different way , this alternative being either cheaper or offering better value for money .
[otherwise] , organisational processes such as `` value analysis `` may have shown that the specific requirement can be met in a different way , this alternative being either cheaper or offering better value for money .

Alternatively , production arrangements may be designed to be flexible enough to supply target markets in a large number of relatively small and specialised niches , such as in the market for industrial or aviation control systems .
[otherwise] , production arrangements may be designed to be flexible enough to supply target markets in a large number of relatively small and specialised niches , such as in the market for industrial or aviation control systems .

Alternatively one could simply say the seats were actually all taken , and that all three occupants happened to be in the toilet at the time .
[otherwise] one could simply say the seats were actually all taken , and that all three occupants happened to be in the toilet at the time .

Alternatively , the corporate management might simply have wanted to acquire them .
[otherwise] , the corporate management might simply have wanted to acquire them .

Alternatively , an apparent readiness to change may conceal an intention to resist in concerted action with others .
[otherwise] , an apparent readiness to change may conceal an intention to resist in concerted action with others .

Alternatively , use co-ordinated patterns which have been designed to blend together .
[otherwise] , use co-ordinated patterns which have been designed to blend together .

Alternatively , it would have to be fitted outside the window reveal .
[otherwise] , it would have to be fitted outside the window reveal .

Alternatively , make a narrow double-stitched hem ( page 38 ) .
[otherwise] , make a narrow double-stitched hem ( page 38 ) .

Alternatively , to prevent any stitching being seen from the right side , slipstitch the top edge in place ( fig .
[otherwise] , to prevent any stitching being seen from the right side , slipstitch the top edge in place ( fig .

Alternatively , a 25mm ( 1in ) thick wooden shelf can be fitted inside or outside a window reveal with angle brackets , into which staples or screw-eyes can be fixed along the front edge and returns .
[otherwise] , a 25mm ( 1in ) thick wooden shelf can be fitted inside or outside a window reveal with angle brackets , into which staples or screw-eyes can be fixed along the front edge and returns .

Alternatively , there is one kit on the market which includes narrow double-sided tape for this purpose .
[otherwise] , there is one kit on the market which includes narrow double-sided tape for this purpose .

Dougal wondered if the absence of upper-case letters was a conscious literary gimmick ; alternatively , it might suggest a simple failure to master the typewriter 's shift-key .
dougal wondered if the absence of upper-case letters was a conscious literary gimmick ; [otherwise] , it might suggest a simple failure to master the typewriter 's shift-key .

Alternatively , as in formal committees quite complex procedures may apply in order to encourage or control interaction .
[otherwise] , as in formal committees quite complex procedures may apply in order to encourage or control interaction .

Alternatively , effective intervention premissed on strong central control may be channelled in ways which are similarly narrow , even if the aims of the central planning elites are closer to being met .
[otherwise] , effective intervention premissed on strong central control may be channelled in ways which are similarly narrow , even if the aims of the central planning elites are closer to being met .

Alternatively the standing crop present in a given mass of water ( i.e .
[otherwise] the standing crop present in a given mass of water ( i.e .

Alternatively , violence is likely to decline during election years , when trade unionists are careful to protect ‘ their ’ party 's image .
[otherwise] , violence is likely to decline during election years , when trade unionists are careful to protect ‘ their ’ party 's image .

Alternatively , some types of incident on the field of play — notably the scoring of a goal , foul play by a member of the opposing team or a bad refereeing decision — may also serve as instigatory cues .
[otherwise] , some types of incident on the field of play — notably the scoring of a goal , foul play by a member of the opposing team or a bad refereeing decision — may also serve as instigatory cues .

Though his theories of perception ‘ made him slip so easily into a feeling that nothing around him existed , or alternatively that he did not exist in anything around him ’ ( 66 ) , he dismisses his own supernatural powers as coincidence until they become too overwhelming to be ignored .
though his theories of perception ‘ made him slip so easily into a feeling that nothing around him existed , or [otherwise] that he did not exist in anything around him ’ ( 66 ) , he dismisses his own supernatural powers as coincidence until they become too overwhelming to be ignored .

Alternatively , and this applies particularly to domestic offences , the victim may feel that the police are unwilling to take the matter seriously .
[otherwise] , and this applies particularly to domestic offences , the victim may feel that the police are unwilling to take the matter seriously .

Alternatively , it can be the result of a public campaign , as with the repeal of the ‘ sus ’ law which was repealed because of public pressure , but allowed public order to be maintained through other laws .
[otherwise] , it can be the result of a public campaign , as with the repeal of the ‘ sus ’ law which was repealed because of public pressure , but allowed public order to be maintained through other laws .

Alternatively , you may be paying an interest rate that is over the odds .
[otherwise] , you may be paying an interest rate that is over the odds .

If you only want to borrow a small amount , a better option is to take a further advance from your existing lender ( less than £100 to arrange ) or , alternatively , a top-up loan from a second lender .
if you only want to borrow a small amount , a better option is to take a further advance from your existing lender ( less than £100 to arrange ) or , [otherwise] , a top-up loan from a second lender .

Alternatively , if you can afford it , you can continue paying the premiums on the first policy as well as taking out your second joint endowment .
[otherwise] , if you can afford it , you can continue paying the premiums on the first policy as well as taking out your second joint endowment .

Alternatively , you may feel serene !
[otherwise] , you may feel serene !

Alternatively you can begin artificial respiration in shallow water and move towards dry land between each breath .
[otherwise] you can begin artificial respiration in shallow water and move towards dry land between each breath .

Typically , this project will be part of the company 's engineering or science programme ( but not necessarily research ) , or alternatively , it may consist of course development .
typically , this project will be part of the company 's engineering or science programme ( but not necessarily research ) , or [otherwise] , it may consist of course development .

Alternatively , rub the surface with lemon , which helps to keep it smelling fresh and reduces staining .
[otherwise] , rub the surface with lemon , which helps to keep it smelling fresh and reduces staining .

Alternatively , Harrison Drape 's corded Superstyle Twintrack will take a valance and curtain , from £25.99 for 120 cm length .
[otherwise] , harrison drape 's corded superstyle twintrack will take a valance and curtain , from £25.99 for 120 cm length .

Alternatively , you can opt for a strip light , and cut out any glare by concealing it with a baffle .
[otherwise] , you can opt for a strip light , and cut out any glare by concealing it with a baffle .

Alternatively you can buy it from Vacation Work Publications , .
[otherwise] you can buy it from vacation work publications , .

Alternatively , light a barbecue .
[otherwise] , light a barbecue .

Alternatively , you can stretch your own choice of paper and put an abrasive surface on it yourself .
[otherwise] , you can stretch your own choice of paper and put an abrasive surface on it yourself .

Alternatively , you can stretch the paper and colour it yourself with a lightfast paint .
[otherwise] , you can stretch the paper and colour it yourself with a lightfast paint .

Alternatively , you must have been in charge of a yacht for at least a week , perhaps on Villa-Flotilla .
[otherwise] , you must have been in charge of a yacht for at least a week , perhaps on villa-flotilla .

Alternatively they may wish to charter an Aloa 27 from Minotaur ( 0532 ) 675 670 .
[otherwise] they may wish to charter an aloa 27 from minotaur ( 0532 ) 675 670 .

Alternatively , sail independently in any of our yachts on a route of your choice .
[otherwise] , sail independently in any of our yachts on a route of your choice .

Alternatively , we can allocate up to three rooms as singles for your sole use for a £55 supplement ; these rooms will have shared facilities .
[otherwise] , we can allocate up to three rooms as singles for your sole use for a £55 supplement ; these rooms will have shared facilities .

Alternatively , for both Left and Right , this was a form of great power rivalry .
[otherwise] , for both left and right , this was a form of great power rivalry .

Alternatively , you may prefer an unmodified but repaired baluster to adorn your garden as you choose .
[otherwise] , you may prefer an unmodified but repaired baluster to adorn your garden as you choose .

It can also be used in cakes instead of the usual solid fats — as in this wonderful recipe for tangy orange cake ( if you prefer , you could alternatively use soya , sunflower or any other vegetable oil ) .
it can also be used in cakes instead of the usual solid fats — as in this wonderful recipe for tangy orange cake ( if you prefer , you could [otherwise] use soya , sunflower or any other vegetable oil ) .

Alternatively , consult a trichologist who can provide scalp treatments and give general advice on diet and haircare .
[otherwise] , consult a trichologist who can provide scalp treatments and give general advice on diet and haircare .

Alternatively you can join in activities on a daily basis if you live or are holidaying in the area .
[otherwise] you can join in activities on a daily basis if you live or are holidaying in the area .

Alternatively , if lifts and hoists etc .
[otherwise] , if lifts and hoists etc .

Alternatively , curricula which are weak in certain areas may prompt the need for particular kinds of research .
[otherwise] , curricula which are weak in certain areas may prompt the need for particular kinds of research .

Alternatively they can be used with more sophisticated software such as that provided on the Apple Lisa .
[otherwise] they can be used with more sophisticated software such as that provided on the apple lisa .

Alternatively , for those with a little more money in the bank , something like a Hewlett-Packard DeskJet will produce what appears to be page printer quality at around half the price .
[otherwise] , for those with a little more money in the bank , something like a hewlett-packard deskjet will produce what appears to be page printer quality at around half the price .

Or , alternatively , it may not be possible to have a heading across more than one column of the text .
or , [otherwise] , it may not be possible to have a heading across more than one column of the text .

Alternatively , programmed decisions can be entrusted to a fairly junior level of management .
[otherwise] , programmed decisions can be entrusted to a fairly junior level of management .

Alternatively , committees can be an instrument of joint consultation between employers and employees ( eg .
[otherwise] , committees can be an instrument of joint consultation between employers and employees ( eg .

Alternatively , they should be encouraged to settle in Irish plantations , which in Carleton 's thinking look like blueprints for both Ulster and New England .
[otherwise] , they should be encouraged to settle in irish plantations , which in carleton 's thinking look like blueprints for both ulster and new england .

’ Alternatively , it might be said that since it is unreasonable of a person to respond to such a threat by unlawful violence , it can be said that the conduct is not ‘ likely ’ to have such a result .
’ [otherwise] , it might be said that since it is unreasonable of a person to respond to such a threat by unlawful violence , it can be said that the conduct is not ‘ likely ’ to have such a result .

These focus on the propensities of the defendant 's conduct to instil fear of violence , or alternatively to provoke it , whatever the defendant 's intention may have been .
these focus on the propensities of the defendant 's conduct to instil fear of violence , or [otherwise] to provoke it , whatever the defendant 's intention may have been .

Alternatively , he could argue that a defendant has sufficient awareness for the purposes of section 6 ( 4 ) if he knows of the circumstances by which it is said that his conduct is disorderly .
[otherwise] , he could argue that a defendant has sufficient awareness for the purposes of section 6 ( 4 ) if he knows of the circumstances by which it is said that his conduct is disorderly .

By section 12 , the senior police officer is empowered to impose conditions on the proposed march if he reasonably believes that it may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or alternatively that the purpose of persons organising the march is to intimidate others ‘ with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do .
by section 12 , the senior police officer is empowered to impose conditions on the proposed march if he reasonably believes that it may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or [otherwise] that the purpose of persons organising the march is to intimidate others ‘ with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do .

Alternatively , they might pause in order to connect the material they have just read to material they had read earlier in the text .
[otherwise] , they might pause in order to connect the material they have just read to material they had read earlier in the text .

Alternatively , manufacturers have recently produced a colour changer .
[otherwise] , manufacturers have recently produced a colour changer .

Alternatively it can be placed close by the pool and the water circulated and returned immediately .
[otherwise] it can be placed close by the pool and the water circulated and returned immediately .

Alternatively , during a spell of prolonged cold weather when one fears for the safety of the fish , a hole can be made in the ice by placing a pan of boiling water on the surface and allowing this to melt through .
[otherwise] , during a spell of prolonged cold weather when one fears for the safety of the fish , a hole can be made in the ice by placing a pan of boiling water on the surface and allowing this to melt through .

Alternatively , they are organizations originally created for a non-political purpose ( for example the British Medical Association was originally formed to circulate medical and scientific information to doctors ) which have acquired political purposes over time .
[otherwise] , they are organizations originally created for a non-political purpose ( for example the british medical association was originally formed to circulate medical and scientific information to doctors ) which have acquired political purposes over time .

This means that the final decision-making responsibility is either formally concentrated in one person or , alternatively , in a collective body — a committee — like the British Cabinet , or the Communist Party Politburo in the Soviet Union .
this means that the final decision-making responsibility is either formally concentrated in one person or , [otherwise] , in a collective body — a committee — like the british cabinet , or the communist party politburo in the soviet union .

Alternatively , their loyalty may be captured by the career staff in their departments so that they become primarily spokespersons for , and defenders of , department policies against encroachments from elsewhere .
[otherwise] , their loyalty may be captured by the career staff in their departments so that they become primarily spokespersons for , and defenders of , department policies against encroachments from elsewhere .

On the one hand , there has been the approach which emphasizes the complexity of financial accounting and thus produces many user groups ( which we might call the differential approach ) ; alternatively , there has been the approach which emphasizes the commonalities and produces few user groups ( which we might call the integral approach ) .
on the one hand , there has been the approach which emphasizes the complexity of financial accounting and thus produces many user groups ( which we might call the differential approach ) ; [otherwise] , there has been the approach which emphasizes the commonalities and produces few user groups ( which we might call the integral approach ) .

Or alternatively the new situation is completely ignored and the time-space mesh contracted to such a degree that landform is almost taken as read and interest is , instead , directed at hydrological matters relating to the transmission of water and sediment across land-surfaces which look increasingly like the isotropic ones of human geographers .
or [otherwise] the new situation is completely ignored and the time-space mesh contracted to such a degree that landform is almost taken as read and interest is , instead , directed at hydrological matters relating to the transmission of water and sediment across land-surfaces which look increasingly like the isotropic ones of human geographers .

Alternatively it might well come through environmental research , including work in environmental geomorphology .
[otherwise] it might well come through environmental research , including work in environmental geomorphology .

Although it could be assumed by some that this is a development towards a more specialized and fragmented approach it may alternatively be a foundation for a more unified approach and one which accommodates the necessity to combine understanding at the microphysiology and biochemistry ( realist ? )
although it could be assumed by some that this is a development towards a more specialized and fragmented approach it may [otherwise] be a foundation for a more unified approach and one which accommodates the necessity to combine understanding at the microphysiology and biochemistry ( realist ? )

Alternatively , in a more traditional diplomatic style , a country could be neutralised , preferably with its own consent ( if a viable political force which can speak on behalf of the nation or territory concerned can be identified ) through arrangements arrived at by the superpowers , perhaps at summit discussions , with or without the involvement of other Great Powers or regionally influential states .
[otherwise] , in a more traditional diplomatic style , a country could be neutralised , preferably with its own consent ( if a viable political force which can speak on behalf of the nation or territory concerned can be identified ) through arrangements arrived at by the superpowers , perhaps at summit discussions , with or without the involvement of other great powers or regionally influential states .

Alternatively , the rate of marine erosion at the base of the cliffs may be less than the general rate of subaerial denudation over the whole cliff .
[otherwise] , the rate of marine erosion at the base of the cliffs may be less than the general rate of subaerial denudation over the whole cliff .

Alternatively , a slight positive movement of base level could flood the area behind a line of coastal dunes on a low-lying coast , so that the dunes projected above high water level and formed the basis on which the bar was built .
[otherwise] , a slight positive movement of base level could flood the area behind a line of coastal dunes on a low-lying coast , so that the dunes projected above high water level and formed the basis on which the bar was built .

Stoddart quotes a great number of opinions on this subject : it seems that some authorities think that they may have been caused by a fall in sea level which meant that the reef flat became a barrier to water movement , so that surf became channelled down the outer edge of the algal ridge as it returned to the sea ; alternatively the spur and groove system may be the most effective form of baffle for dissipating wave energy and is caused by reef-building corals forming the spurs — the grooves , once formed , may of course be accentuated by scouring .
stoddart quotes a great number of opinions on this subject : it seems that some authorities think that they may have been caused by a fall in sea level which meant that the reef flat became a barrier to water movement , so that surf became channelled down the outer edge of the algal ridge as it returned to the sea ; [otherwise] the spur and groove system may be the most effective form of baffle for dissipating wave energy and is caused by reef-building corals forming the spurs — the grooves , once formed , may of course be accentuated by scouring .

Alternatively there may be a direct cash relationship between the service provider and the customer .
[otherwise] there may be a direct cash relationship between the service provider and the customer .

Alternatively , melisma may also be used for word painting .
[otherwise] , melisma may also be used for word painting .

Alternatively , a single voice can narrate in speech while the choir sings a sustained background .
[otherwise] , a single voice can narrate in speech while the choir sings a sustained background .

Alternatively , it is very fruitful to form long chains of ( say ) forty-eight notes , using four different versions of the series .
[otherwise] , it is very fruitful to form long chains of ( say ) forty-eight notes , using four different versions of the series .

Alternatively , the solicitor may accompany the client to the hearing and advise him or her orally as a McKenzie adviser in the course of the hearing .
[otherwise] , the solicitor may accompany the client to the hearing and advise him or her orally as a mckenzie adviser in the course of the hearing .

Alternatively , the accretion could have been heterogeneous , and Figure 5.1 ( b ) shows the result of volatile-rich materials arriving later .
[otherwise] , the accretion could have been heterogeneous , and figure 5.1 ( b ) shows the result of volatile-rich materials arriving later .

’ Alternatively , particular women may be viewed in this light .
’ [otherwise] , particular women may be viewed in this light .

Alternatively , defendants might be able to strike favourable bargains and get off more lightly than they deserve .
[otherwise] , defendants might be able to strike favourable bargains and get off more lightly than they deserve .

Alternatively , the killer was someone from the house who had secured the door to ensure privacy , but opened it again after his crime to confirm the impression that an outsider was involved .
[otherwise] , the killer was someone from the house who had secured the door to ensure privacy , but opened it again after his crime to confirm the impression that an outsider was involved .

Alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .
[otherwise] , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .

Alternatively the name may come from the Murray family who owned the Woodhall Estate .
[otherwise] the name may come from the murray family who owned the woodhall estate .

Alternatively the Bypass could be set in cutting , and bridge under the farm access road and the railway before crossing Baberton Mains Terrace at existing road level .
[otherwise] the bypass could be set in cutting , and bridge under the farm access road and the railway before crossing baberton mains terrace at existing road level .

If they are worried about the possibility of aggression in the visit they must tell their supervisor of their expected time of return or alternatively make arrangements for telephoning the office by a specific time .
if they are worried about the possibility of aggression in the visit they must tell their supervisor of their expected time of return or [otherwise] make arrangements for telephoning the office by a specific time .

Alternatively individual areas may be studied and will receive certification in the form of a ‘ Record of Achievement ’ for successful completion and may contribute credits to the educational points requirement for a grade of membership .
[otherwise] individual areas may be studied and will receive certification in the form of a ‘ record of achievement ’ for successful completion and may contribute credits to the educational points requirement for a grade of membership .

Secondly , it requires a fundamental idealization of a culturally homogeneous speech community or , alternatively , the construction of n pragmatic theories for each language , where n is the number of culturally distinct sub-communities .
secondly , it requires a fundamental idealization of a culturally homogeneous speech community or , [otherwise] , the construction of n pragmatic theories for each language , where n is the number of culturally distinct sub-communities .

Alternatively , pragmatics and other linguistic components or levels can be allowed to interact .
[otherwise] , pragmatics and other linguistic components or levels can be allowed to interact .

Alternatively , this node can also characterise a text which returns as much satisfaction ( pI ) as effort committed , and a conception of an author writing , not for conventional financial and aesthetic returns , but for different , perhaps programmatic , reasons .
[otherwise] , this node can also characterise a text which returns as much satisfaction ( pi ) as effort committed , and a conception of an author writing , not for conventional financial and aesthetic returns , but for different , perhaps programmatic , reasons .

In contrast with [ 27 ] , a hearer who is presented with the repetition in [ 25 ] is encouraged to dwell on what he or she knows or imagines about long walks — the physical discomfort perhaps , or , alternatively , the exhilaration derived from the freedom .
in contrast with [ 27 ] , a hearer who is presented with the repetition in [ 25 ] is encouraged to dwell on what he or she knows or imagines about long walks — the physical discomfort perhaps , or , [otherwise] , the exhilaration derived from the freedom .

In addition , or alternatively , they may be redeemable , thus promising cash from the company at a future date .
in addition , or [otherwise] , they may be redeemable , thus promising cash from the company at a future date .

Alternatively , the same result could be achieved by entering into one long-term `` requirements `` contract on specially negotiated terms with that customer .
[otherwise] , the same result could be achieved by entering into one long-term `` requirements `` contract on specially negotiated terms with that customer .

Alternatively , the drafter can use separate , bracketed , numbers for sub-clauses and lower case letters for individual paragraphs within sub-clauses .
[otherwise] , the drafter can use separate , bracketed , numbers for sub-clauses and lower case letters for individual paragraphs within sub-clauses .

Alternatively , a separate provision can be included in the terms indicating how periods of time are to be calculated .
[otherwise] , a separate provision can be included in the terms indicating how periods of time are to be calculated .

Alternatively , it may be possible , and preferable , to establish procedures to incorporate terms by reference on the telephone .
[otherwise] , it may be possible , and preferable , to establish procedures to incorporate terms by reference on the telephone .

Alternatively , a stamp may be used to stamp a document sent by the other party , such as a delivery note , with a notice such as `` accepted subject to our standard terms of business `` .
[otherwise] , a stamp may be used to stamp a document sent by the other party , such as a delivery note , with a notice such as `` accepted subject to our standard terms of business `` .

Alternatively , the seller may simply deliver goods together with a delivery note .
[otherwise] , the seller may simply deliver goods together with a delivery note .

In order to avoid being taken to have accepted a seller 's terms by accepting a delivery note , the buyer may arrange for its warehouse staff to acknowledge receipt of goods delivered by issuing a form referring to its own terms ; alternatively , it may stamp the seller 's delivery note with a receipt referring to its own terms , which may be effective to incorporate them if the stamp is legible .
in order to avoid being taken to have accepted a seller 's terms by accepting a delivery note , the buyer may arrange for its warehouse staff to acknowledge receipt of goods delivered by issuing a form referring to its own terms ; [otherwise] , it may stamp the seller 's delivery note with a receipt referring to its own terms , which may be effective to incorporate them if the stamp is legible .

( 2 ) There is alternatively a `` House Buyers Report `` , which is not a comprehensive survey , but is certainly more than a valuation .
( 2 ) there is [otherwise] a `` house buyers report `` , which is not a comprehensive survey , but is certainly more than a valuation .

1 Implied duties During employment the employee owes his employer a duty of `` fidelity `` , alternatively called `` good faith `` .
1 implied duties during employment the employee owes his employer a duty of `` fidelity `` , [otherwise] called `` good faith `` .

Alternatively , a client who has been treated as an expert investor on the grounds of his experience may claim that , in fact , he was a private investor , that he should have received warnings as to the risks and that , had he received them , he would not have entered into this type of transaction at all .
[otherwise] , a client who has been treated as an expert investor on the grounds of his experience may claim that , in fact , he was a private investor , that he should have received warnings as to the risks and that , had he received them , he would not have entered into this type of transaction at all .

The transactional test of market counterparty relates only to the particular transaction concerned and applies where a person deals with the firm as a principal or as an intermediary for an unidentified client ( or , alternatively , an undisclosed intermediary ) , if he does so in the course of investment business of the same description as the investment business the firm is carrying on with him .
the transactional test of market counterparty relates only to the particular transaction concerned and applies where a person deals with the firm as a principal or as an intermediary for an unidentified client ( or , [otherwise] , an undisclosed intermediary ) , if he does so in the course of investment business of the same description as the investment business the firm is carrying on with him .

The Inland Revenue Technical Division were asked in correspondence whether they adhered to this view where the income in question was paid to a beneficiary who was neither resident nor ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom or , alternatively , where foreign source income was concerned , was paid outside the United Kingdom to a beneficiary who was not domiciled in the United Kingdom .
the inland revenue technical division were asked in correspondence whether they adhered to this view where the income in question was paid to a beneficiary who was neither resident nor ordinarily resident in the united kingdom or , [otherwise] , where foreign source income was concerned , was paid outside the united kingdom to a beneficiary who was not domiciled in the united kingdom .

Alternatively a rule might be long and particular , such as detailed rules on how an order slip or trading card is to be completed .
[otherwise] a rule might be long and particular , such as detailed rules on how an order slip or trading card is to be completed .

Alternatively , many charities or bodies such as the Scouts will be delighted to deliver through every letter box in the area for you at a very modest fee .
[otherwise] , many charities or bodies such as the scouts will be delighted to deliver through every letter box in the area for you at a very modest fee .

Alternatively , it might be worth making an appointment to go and see them .
[otherwise] , it might be worth making an appointment to go and see them .

Alternatively , a rumen bolus has been recently developed which releases the anthelmintic morantel over a 90 day period .
[otherwise] , a rumen bolus has been recently developed which releases the anthelmintic morantel over a 90 day period .

If possible the new pasture should have a good nutritional value ; alternatively some supplementary feeding may be given .
if possible the new pasture should have a good nutritional value ; [otherwise] some supplementary feeding may be given .

Alternatively , customers are requested to pay first , with the offer of a refund if the program proves unsuitable .
[otherwise] , customers are requested to pay first , with the offer of a refund if the program proves unsuitable .

Alternatively the benefit of the policy may pass to the wife , subject to charge .
[otherwise] the benefit of the policy may pass to the wife , subject to charge .

Alternatively , agreement to this effect may be reached between the husband and the wife and embodied in a `` consent `` order ( as to the advantages of which , see Chapter 1 ) .
[otherwise] , agreement to this effect may be reached between the husband and the wife and embodied in a `` consent `` order ( as to the advantages of which , see chapter 1 ) .

Alternatively , there can be a conveyance between the husband and the wife to which the first mortgagee is a party ( as above ) and a deed of covenant from the wife in favour of the second mortgagee to observe and perform the terms of the second mortgage , containing an indemnity in favour of the husband in respect thereof .
[otherwise] , there can be a conveyance between the husband and the wife to which the first mortgagee is a party ( as above ) and a deed of covenant from the wife in favour of the second mortgagee to observe and perform the terms of the second mortgage , containing an indemnity in favour of the husband in respect thereof .

Alternatively agreement may be reached between the husband and wife for some monetary payment so that the husband may keep the house in which case the consent order may be : It is ordered that the Respondent shall within 28 days from the date of this Order pay to the Petitioner the sum of £ and It is ordered that on receipt of the said sum of £the Petitioner do transfer all her estate and interest in the property at 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre to the Respondent .
[otherwise] agreement may be reached between the husband and wife for some monetary payment so that the husband may keep the house in which case the consent order may be : it is ordered that the respondent shall within 28 days from the date of this order pay to the petitioner the sum of £ and it is ordered that on receipt of the said sum of £the petitioner do transfer all her estate and interest in the property at 1 blackacre drive , blackacre to the respondent .

Alternatively , the new husband may agree to purchase the husband 's interest therein .
[otherwise] , the new husband may agree to purchase the husband 's interest therein .

Alternatively mines or depth charges could be loaded .
[otherwise] mines or depth charges could be loaded .

Furthermore , intervention programmes aiming to reduce the level of expressed emotion among relatives high on this index , or alternatively to reduce their level of face-to-face contact , have shown that relapse rates can be reduced in this way ( e.g .
furthermore , intervention programmes aiming to reduce the level of expressed emotion among relatives high on this index , or [otherwise] to reduce their level of face-to-face contact , have shown that relapse rates can be reduced in this way ( e.g .

Alternatively , a more deliberate intervention in the form of a one-to-one ( mother-to-mother ) voluntary befriending scheme for mothers having marked parenting difficulties might be instituted .
[otherwise] , a more deliberate intervention in the form of a one-to-one ( mother-to-mother ) voluntary befriending scheme for mothers having marked parenting difficulties might be instituted .

Alternatively , money must be in a form that enables it to be transferred indirectly through some acceptable mechanism .
[otherwise] , money must be in a form that enables it to be transferred indirectly through some acceptable mechanism .

Alternatively , the government may wish to alter its monetary policy .
[otherwise] , the government may wish to alter its monetary policy .

Alternatively , funding can be used .
[otherwise] , funding can be used .

Alternatively , if those banks subject to statutory cash requirements were short of cash , they could attract cash away from the uncontrolled institutions .
[otherwise] , if those banks subject to statutory cash requirements were short of cash , they could attract cash away from the uncontrolled institutions .

Alternatively , banks , unable to lend at home , may encourage business customers to take a loan in a foreign currency from one of their overseas branches and then convert the currency into sterling .
[otherwise] , banks , unable to lend at home , may encourage business customers to take a loan in a foreign currency from one of their overseas branches and then convert the currency into sterling .

( Alternatively , blend in an electric mixer . )
( [otherwise] , blend in an electric mixer . )

Alternatively , the marzipan could be simply rolled out into a large area and transferred to the cake in one piece .
[otherwise] , the marzipan could be simply rolled out into a large area and transferred to the cake in one piece .

Alternatively , you could place the template on the cake and stick little pins in along the outline and any details .
[otherwise] , you could place the template on the cake and stick little pins in along the outline and any details .

( Alternatively , you could mould the figure from white fondant and paint in appropriate colours using a paint brush and food colouring once dry . )
( [otherwise] , you could mould the figure from white fondant and paint in appropriate colours using a paint brush and food colouring once dry . )

Alternatively , it was suggested that a limit be placed on the amount of money a solicitor could handle in a personal/ family transaction .
[otherwise] , it was suggested that a limit be placed on the amount of money a solicitor could handle in a personal/ family transaction .

Alternatively , it seems possible that old , cold and thick oceanic lithosphere can attain a density sufficient for it to subside spontaneously into the asthenosphere .
[otherwise] , it seems possible that old , cold and thick oceanic lithosphere can attain a density sufficient for it to subside spontaneously into the asthenosphere .

Alternatively , subducted oceanic crust may be able to pull adjacent continental crust down into the asthenosphere .
[otherwise] , subducted oceanic crust may be able to pull adjacent continental crust down into the asthenosphere .

Desert varnish ( alternatively rock varnish ) , as it is termed , is composed of clay minerals , oxides and hydroxides of manganese and/or iron , together with detrital particles , which form a layer typically around thick .
desert varnish ( [otherwise] rock varnish ) , as it is termed , is composed of clay minerals , oxides and hydroxides of manganese and/or iron , together with detrital particles , which form a layer typically around thick .

We do not have to decide whether to keep in bulk or alternatively to sample , particular instance papers which electronic data handling techniques now make potentially useful to the historian in ways that they simply were not before .
we do not have to decide whether to keep in bulk or [otherwise] to sample , particular instance papers which electronic data handling techniques now make potentially useful to the historian in ways that they simply were not before .

Serfdom survived in Russia , as in Rumania , chiefly in areas of grain production with a dense peasant population , where landlords could either compensate for their competitive weakness by raising labour services , or alternatively hope by the same method temporarily to cut themselves in cheaply on the grain export market .
serfdom survived in russia , as in rumania , chiefly in areas of grain production with a dense peasant population , where landlords could either compensate for their competitive weakness by raising labour services , or [otherwise] hope by the same method temporarily to cut themselves in cheaply on the grain export market .

Further east , south and overseas , governments had to step in themselves , generally with the aid of foreign investment , either to secure capital at all or , more likely , to see that investors were guaranteed — or at least thought they were guaranteed — the dividends that would alone mobilise their money , or alternatively to undertake economic activities themselves .
further east , south and overseas , governments had to step in themselves , generally with the aid of foreign investment , either to secure capital at all or , more likely , to see that investors were guaranteed — or at least thought they were guaranteed — the dividends that would alone mobilise their money , or [otherwise] to undertake economic activities themselves .

The exclusion of liability for all of these issues can be dealt with either on a piecemeal basis by writing a particular exclusion or limitation into the contract conditions dealing with each issue , or , alternatively or in addition , by the use of blanket exclusion clauses covering the whole contract .
the exclusion of liability for all of these issues can be dealt with either on a piecemeal basis by writing a particular exclusion or limitation into the contract conditions dealing with each issue , or , [otherwise] or in addition , by the use of blanket exclusion clauses covering the whole contract .

9.1.3 Alternatively to Condition 9.1.1 , the Seller shall be entitled at its absolute discretion to refund the price of the defective goods in the event that such price shall already have been paid by the Purchaser to the Seller , or , if such price has not been so paid , to relieve the Purchaser of all obligation to pay the same by the issue of a credit note in favour of the Purchaser in the amount of such price .
9.1.3 [otherwise] to condition 9.1.1 , the seller shall be entitled at its absolute discretion to refund the price of the defective goods in the event that such price shall already have been paid by the purchaser to the seller , or , if such price has not been so paid , to relieve the purchaser of all obligation to pay the same by the issue of a credit note in favour of the purchaser in the amount of such price .

3.3 Any goods and/or work rejected under Condition 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in Condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .
3.3 any goods and/or work rejected under condition 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; [otherwise] we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .

Alternatively it might simply be recorded that additional capital should be credited in the firm 's books to the partner who contributes it as an addition to his share — with a corresponding alteration in the capital sharing ratio .
[otherwise] it might simply be recorded that additional capital should be credited in the firm 's books to the partner who contributes it as an addition to his share — with a corresponding alteration in the capital sharing ratio .

Clauses are sometimes encountered which state that a referee is to be appointed who is described as an expert and then told that he will act as an arbitrator , or , alternatively , that the referee is an arbitrator who will act as an expert .
clauses are sometimes encountered which state that a referee is to be appointed who is described as an expert and then told that he will act as an arbitrator , or , [otherwise] , that the referee is an arbitrator who will act as an expert .

Alternatively , a break-clause may be exercisable on the happening of an uncertain event ; for example , if a dangerous structure notice is served or if planning permission for a particular use is refused .
[otherwise] , a break-clause may be exercisable on the happening of an uncertain event ; for example , if a dangerous structure notice is served or if planning permission for a particular use is refused .

Alternatively , an option to renew might be granted where the tenancy has been `` contracted out `` of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
[otherwise] , an option to renew might be granted where the tenancy has been `` contracted out `` of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

Alternatively , he may provide for a change in the method of rent review , and if this is done it is usual to revert to the more traditional method of periodic reviews to market rent .
[otherwise] , he may provide for a change in the method of rent review , and if this is done it is usual to revert to the more traditional method of periodic reviews to market rent .

Alternatively , the draftsman may dispense with a timetable for the rent review , and dispense with the requirement for the landlord to serve a rent review notice in order to exercise the right to review the rent .
[otherwise] , the draftsman may dispense with a timetable for the rent review , and dispense with the requirement for the landlord to serve a rent review notice in order to exercise the right to review the rent .

Alternatively , if the target is a company which is not listed , or is not part of a listed group , then it is likely that the shareholders will be limited in number , accessible and able to agree to proceed .
[otherwise] , if the target is a company which is not listed , or is not part of a listed group , then it is likely that the shareholders will be limited in number , accessible and able to agree to proceed .

Alternatively they may effect a leveraged buy-out of a number of businesses with a view to later reconstruction to realise `` hidden `` reserves which will effectively finance the acquisition of the core business they wish to retain , and enable the borrowings to be redeemed .
[otherwise] they may effect a leveraged buy-out of a number of businesses with a view to later reconstruction to realise `` hidden `` reserves which will effectively finance the acquisition of the core business they wish to retain , and enable the borrowings to be redeemed .

( 4 ) Each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in Newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of Newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in Newco to satisfy the material interest test .
( 4 ) each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; [otherwise] he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in newco to satisfy the material interest test .

Alternatively , the company may have been able to use its entitlement to a refund of corporation tax to make an ex gratia payment , or payment as compensation for loss of office , to the directors ( as they were departing directors in the buy-out ) of up to £30,000 per director .
[otherwise] , the company may have been able to use its entitlement to a refund of corporation tax to make an ex gratia payment , or payment as compensation for loss of office , to the directors ( as they were departing directors in the buy-out ) of up to £30,000 per director .

Alternatively , it may be possible for Newco 's loan capital obligations to be novated to Target , so that Target becomes directly responsible for financing interest payments .
[otherwise] , it may be possible for newco 's loan capital obligations to be novated to target , so that target becomes directly responsible for financing interest payments .

Alternatively , remuneration changes may be in the remit of a remuneration committee consisting of non-executive directors .
[otherwise] , remuneration changes may be in the remit of a remuneration committee consisting of non-executive directors .

Alternatively he may consider that the transaction has only been agreed in outline and requires the lawyer to negotiate the details .
[otherwise] he may consider that the transaction has only been agreed in outline and requires the lawyer to negotiate the details .

Alternatively , if the purchaser buys assets he does not take over any of the vendor 's liabilities ( except employees ) unless expressly agreed .
[otherwise] , if the purchaser buys assets he does not take over any of the vendor 's liabilities ( except employees ) unless expressly agreed .

Alternatively , a purchaser may refuse to provide a parent company guarantee if this was not covered in the heads .
[otherwise] , a purchaser may refuse to provide a parent company guarantee if this was not covered in the heads .

This is normally the purchaser proceeding with due diligence and thereby incurring the costs of its professional advisers or , alternatively , a vendor may demand a cash payment in return for the exclusivity period .
this is normally the purchaser proceeding with due diligence and thereby incurring the costs of its professional advisers or , [otherwise] , a vendor may demand a cash payment in return for the exclusivity period .

Alternatively the business may have three long-term customer contracts essential to its operations .
[otherwise] the business may have three long-term customer contracts essential to its operations .

Alternatively the purchaser and vendor may agree that some or all of the price is to be based on the net book value of the assets or by reference to earnings .
[otherwise] the purchaser and vendor may agree that some or all of the price is to be based on the net book value of the assets or by reference to earnings .

Alternatively assets of one business may themselves be used to buy the assets of another business .
[otherwise] assets of one business may themselves be used to buy the assets of another business .

Alternatively , the purchaser may simply not be prepared to face the cost of borrowing .
[otherwise] , the purchaser may simply not be prepared to face the cost of borrowing .

Alternatively , rather than warranting the accuracy of opinions , the vendor may be prepared to warrant that they do not disagree with the opinion .
[otherwise] , rather than warranting the accuracy of opinions , the vendor may be prepared to warrant that they do not disagree with the opinion .

Alternatively , the purchaser may accept that the vendors have limited joint and several liability in that it can only recover limited accounts from each vendor .
[otherwise] , the purchaser may accept that the vendors have limited joint and several liability in that it can only recover limited accounts from each vendor .

Alternatively , the purchaser may decide that he can operate the business more efficiently than the vendor either by a general reorganisation of job responsibilities or by his existing staff taking on a greater workload .
[otherwise] , the purchaser may decide that he can operate the business more efficiently than the vendor either by a general reorganisation of job responsibilities or by his existing staff taking on a greater workload .

Alternatively , and like another important example of advanced technology — the word processor — they may induce defensive responses ( see Barker and Downing , 1980 ) : responses designed to maintain or regain occupants ' previous levels of control over their environmental conditions .
[otherwise] , and like another important example of advanced technology — the word processor — they may induce defensive responses ( see barker and downing , 1980 ) : responses designed to maintain or regain occupants ' previous levels of control over their environmental conditions .

So all the restaurateur has to do ( in the privacy of one 's own kitchen one can , after all , call one 's inventions what one pleases ; until they leave the house one 's guests are in no position to pass remarks ) is to follow the French example and describe his dish as faisan flambé au whisky or alternatively pheasant au Scotch .
so all the restaurateur has to do ( in the privacy of one 's own kitchen one can , after all , call one 's inventions what one pleases ; until they leave the house one 's guests are in no position to pass remarks ) is to follow the french example and describe his dish as faisan flambé au whisky or [otherwise] pheasant au scotch .

Alternatively , the discrepancies might be due to characteristics of the tasks used to assess the different types of linguistic ability .
[otherwise] , the discrepancies might be due to characteristics of the tasks used to assess the different types of linguistic ability .

Alternatively , sentence ( 29 ) could be regarded as an incorrect empirical explanation .
[otherwise] , sentence ( 29 ) could be regarded as an incorrect empirical explanation .

Alternatively , the attempted rescues may be supposed to have owed nothing to ideology , but as having been purely a misjudged essay in job-preservation .
[otherwise] , the attempted rescues may be supposed to have owed nothing to ideology , but as having been purely a misjudged essay in job-preservation .

Alternatively , an unwilling respondent may claim that the dispute is wider than that presented to the forum , in that third parties are involved , and that the claim should not be considered in their absence .
[otherwise] , an unwilling respondent may claim that the dispute is wider than that presented to the forum , in that third parties are involved , and that the claim should not be considered in their absence .

Alternatively , could the third party later retract the acceptance on the grounds that it was not written , and therefore could not have been relied upon by the parties to the Vienna Convention ?
[otherwise] , could the third party later retract the acceptance on the grounds that it was not written , and therefore could not have been relied upon by the parties to the vienna convention ?

An incorrect method of doing so could be held procedural only , or alternatively it could be held to negate consent .
an incorrect method of doing so could be held procedural only , or [otherwise] it could be held to negate consent .

Alternatively , if the Protocol is viewed as the written acceptance of obligations by the Protocol parties , the Soviet statement could be construed as a conditional acceptance .
[otherwise] , if the protocol is viewed as the written acceptance of obligations by the protocol parties , the soviet statement could be construed as a conditional acceptance .

Alternatively , the Treaty of Versailles , as a major peace settlement concluded in the public interest for the stability of Europe and conferring authority upon the League , could be seen as a dispositive treaty binding erga omnes .
[otherwise] , the treaty of versailles , as a major peace settlement concluded in the public interest for the stability of europe and conferring authority upon the league , could be seen as a dispositive treaty binding erga omnes .

Alternatively third party rights in this context could be seen as a particular application of general international law : that State practice of both the treaty States and third parties has been that the canals are open for international navigation , and that there is sufficient opinio juris ( demonstrated by protest to any closure ) to support the view that there is a customary international law of transit through each canal despite their treaty origins .
[otherwise] third party rights in this context could be seen as a particular application of general international law : that state practice of both the treaty states and third parties has been that the canals are open for international navigation , and that there is sufficient opinio juris ( demonstrated by protest to any closure ) to support the view that there is a customary international law of transit through each canal despite their treaty origins .

Alternatively , the odd antique chair can come reasonably cheap at auctions or antique fairs .
[otherwise] , the odd antique chair can come reasonably cheap at auctions or antique fairs .

Alternatively , Ho may simply have been waiting for something to turn up , something that would tip the scales one way or the other in the situation that was neither peace nor war .
[otherwise] , ho may simply have been waiting for something to turn up , something that would tip the scales one way or the other in the situation that was neither peace nor war .

It should be noted that ( 2 ) can be written alternatively as leading to It is important to observe that this general iteration procedure is really exactly the same as the method given in 2.3.1 for improvement of an approximate reciprocal .
it should be noted that ( 2 ) can be written [otherwise] as leading to it is important to observe that this general iteration procedure is really exactly the same as the method given in 2.3.1 for improvement of an approximate reciprocal .

What sort of use is made of cross-reference by pronouns ( she , it , they , etc ) ? by substitute forms ( do , so , etc ) , or ellipsis ? Alternatively , is any use made of elegant variation — the avoidance of repetition by the substitution of a descriptive phrase ( as , for example , " the old lawyer " or " her uncle " may substitute for the repetition of an earlier " Mr Jones " ) ?
what sort of use is made of cross-reference by pronouns ( she , it , they , etc ) ? by substitute forms ( do , so , etc ) , or ellipsis ? [otherwise] , is any use made of elegant variation — the avoidance of repetition by the substitution of a descriptive phrase ( as , for example , " the old lawyer " or " her uncle " may substitute for the repetition of an earlier " mr jones " ) ?

If any party has failed to win 5.0 % of this , or alternatively to win three constituency seats , it is eliminated from further consideration .
if any party has failed to win 5.0 % of this , or [otherwise] to win three constituency seats , it is eliminated from further consideration .

Alternatively you can play a friendly , either against the computer or a pal .
[otherwise] you can play a friendly , either against the computer or a pal .

Alternatively , you can play against a friend .
[otherwise] , you can play against a friend .

Or , alternatively , in what way can the religious experience of conversion , both personal and in its ramifications for social change and conversion of community , shed light on the process of profound socio-political transformation ?
or , [otherwise] , in what way can the religious experience of conversion , both personal and in its ramifications for social change and conversion of community , shed light on the process of profound socio-political transformation ?

Either attempts can be made to ensure that corporate managers behave as profit-maximizers by making them responsive once again to the market ; or , alternatively , new life can be breathed into the legal model of the company so that managers are once again forced to act in the interests of the shareholders .
either attempts can be made to ensure that corporate managers behave as profit-maximizers by making them responsive once again to the market ; or , [otherwise] , new life can be breathed into the legal model of the company so that managers are once again forced to act in the interests of the shareholders .

Alternatively you may telephone us direct if your wish on 0920 467444 to check availability of your chosen holiday and discuss any specific query you have . You can of course also book by telephone using your credit card
[otherwise] you may telephone us direct if your wish on 0920 467444 to check availability of your chosen holiday and discuss any specific query you have . you can of course also book by telephone using your credit card

Alternatively , encountering the situations we fear most will turn on our stress taps rapidly .
[otherwise] , encountering the situations we fear most will turn on our stress taps rapidly .

Alternatively the material can be translated and sent direct .
[otherwise] the material can be translated and sent direct .

5 Alternatively check on the services of outside media release distribution houses .
5 [otherwise] check on the services of outside media release distribution houses .

Alternatively it may be of great specialist interest to the readers of a particular set of publications but of no personal interest or use to the staff on those journals .
[otherwise] it may be of great specialist interest to the readers of a particular set of publications but of no personal interest or use to the staff on those journals .

Alternatively outside experts or personalities whose views coincide with those of the company may be used .
[otherwise] outside experts or personalities whose views coincide with those of the company may be used .

Alternatively the choice might be ten top prizes of the latest cooker with a larger number of small runner-up prizes or with two tiers of second- or third-level prizes .
[otherwise] the choice might be ten top prizes of the latest cooker with a larger number of small runner-up prizes or with two tiers of second- or third-level prizes .

Alternatively , you can obtain one from any accredited insurance valuer .
[otherwise] , you can obtain one from any accredited insurance valuer .

Secondly , is the position on milk optimal ? If there is wasteful duplication , governmental ( or neighbourhood ) intervention is in principle desirable to award the street 's milk contract to one firm , then if necessary to control its pricing behaviour . Alternatively , why have private supply of milk ? Since the industry is in any case organized in some particulars by the Milk Marketing Board , a governmental agency , why not award them the contract for nationwide milk supply ?
secondly , is the position on milk optimal ? if there is wasteful duplication , governmental ( or neighbourhood ) intervention is in principle desirable to award the street 's milk contract to one firm , then if necessary to control its pricing behaviour . [otherwise] , why have private supply of milk ? since the industry is in any case organized in some particulars by the milk marketing board , a governmental agency , why not award them the contract for nationwide milk supply ?

Alternatively , the industry could be in the hands of a private firm which would have its prices regulated by the state in such a way as to earn what approximates to a normal rate of return on capital employed .
[otherwise] , the industry could be in the hands of a private firm which would have its prices regulated by the state in such a way as to earn what approximates to a normal rate of return on capital employed .

Alternatively , it can refuse to accept the whole risk — this is common in car insurance and it happens in practice after thefts in which a considerable mess is created .
[otherwise] , it can refuse to accept the whole risk — this is common in car insurance and it happens in practice after thefts in which a considerable mess is created .

Alternatively , the prices could be adjusted somehow so that they met total costs .
[otherwise] , the prices could be adjusted somehow so that they met total costs .

Alternatively , the work of Critz [ 1982 ] has demonstrated the possibility of automatic theme recognition used frame-based representations .
[otherwise] , the work of critz [ 1982 ] has demonstrated the possibility of automatic theme recognition used frame-based representations .

Alternatively you can call the Royal Mail International Helpline on 0345 585820 for further information about our services .
[otherwise] you can call the royal mail international helpline on 0345 585820 for further information about our services .

Alternatively , you can get blank decorative envelopes from your post office up to two weeks before the issue date .
[otherwise] , you can get blank decorative envelopes from your post office up to two weeks before the issue date .

Alternatively , the King could demand an interest-free loan from his subjects .
[otherwise] , the king could demand an interest-free loan from his subjects .

Alternatively , you can make an oral record if you have a dictation machine .
[otherwise] , you can make an oral record if you have a dictation machine .

Subscribing investors may under certain circumstances refuse to complete the deal or alternatively the issuing house must repay the investor 's money within fifteen days .
subscribing investors may under certain circumstances refuse to complete the deal or [otherwise] the issuing house must repay the investor 's money within fifteen days .

Alternatively , store credit cards may offer more expensive credit — but buying a really cheap offer in a sale may justify use of more costly loans at the time .
[otherwise] , store credit cards may offer more expensive credit — but buying a really cheap offer in a sale may justify use of more costly loans at the time .

Or alternatively , you can make your own arrangements for payments to be made by cheque or cash .
or [otherwise] , you can make your own arrangements for payments to be made by cheque or cash .

Further details , including written information regarding any of our savings or lending services , can be obtained from any branch of Midland Bank or alternatively , from the address shown on the reverse of this leaflet .
further details , including written information regarding any of our savings or lending services , can be obtained from any branch of midland bank or [otherwise] , from the address shown on the reverse of this leaflet .

Alternatively , you can leave payment to us by electing to use either our Standing Order or Direct debit services , under which we will automatically debit your Account with the amounts due as required .
[otherwise] , you can leave payment to us by electing to use either our standing order or direct debit services , under which we will automatically debit your account with the amounts due as required .

Alternatively , a specially approved security carrier company may collect cash and bulk it before paying-in to Cash Centres ( the Bulk Cash Deposit Scheme ) .
[otherwise] , a specially approved security carrier company may collect cash and bulk it before paying-in to cash centres ( the bulk cash deposit scheme ) .

Alternatively we also have a range of Midland Personal Loans .
[otherwise] we also have a range of midland personal loans .

Alternatively , you can save on a regular basis by arranging to have a fixed sum transferred to Premier Savings from your Current Account on a given date each month .
[otherwise] , you can save on a regular basis by arranging to have a fixed sum transferred to premier savings from your current account on a given date each month .

Alternatively , the firm can choose to set up a local operation and simply ‘ clone ’ the domestic business in the foreign country .
[otherwise] , the firm can choose to set up a local operation and simply ‘ clone ’ the domestic business in the foreign country .

Alternatively , it may be resource-seeking , in the sense that it wishes to gain access to raw materials that are not readily available without investment .
[otherwise] , it may be resource-seeking , in the sense that it wishes to gain access to raw materials that are not readily available without investment .

Alternatively , when the costs of transport are high and local production can be justified only by the creation of a single plant , competitors may choose to collaborate , as in the case of consortium oil refineries .
[otherwise] , when the costs of transport are high and local production can be justified only by the creation of a single plant , competitors may choose to collaborate , as in the case of consortium oil refineries .

He suggests that the perception of objectivity to be observed in some areas of English culture may stem from the ‘ real ’ objectivity provided by writing : ‘ The intrinsically greater objectivity of written language ( or , alternatively , the intrinsically lesser subjectivity ) could ’ , he argues , ‘ have encouraged the development of an institutionalised greater respect for written evidence ’ ( 1982 ) .
he suggests that the perception of objectivity to be observed in some areas of english culture may stem from the ‘ real ’ objectivity provided by writing : ‘ the intrinsically greater objectivity of written language ( or , [otherwise] , the intrinsically lesser subjectivity ) could ’ , he argues , ‘ have encouraged the development of an institutionalised greater respect for written evidence ’ ( 1982 ) .

Alternatively , risk factors at the group level , such as attitudes about acceptable levels of sickness absence , may be important .
[otherwise] , risk factors at the group level , such as attitudes about acceptable levels of sickness absence , may be important .

Alternatively , the family had money and lost it .
[otherwise] , the family had money and lost it .

Alternatively , endometriosis may be an uncommon cause of infertility .
[otherwise] , endometriosis may be an uncommon cause of infertility .

Alternatively , they can be fed by adding a small pinch of malted milk powder ( e.g .
[otherwise] , they can be fed by adding a small pinch of malted milk powder ( e.g .

Alternatively , look in the food cupboard for a suitable plastic container .
[otherwise] , look in the food cupboard for a suitable plastic container .

Alternatively , add 2 or 3 teaspoonfuls of soil , or a few dead leaves .
[otherwise] , add 2 or 3 teaspoonfuls of soil , or a few dead leaves .

Alternatively , mix some Polycel ( or wallpaper adhesive ) with water to make a sloppy jelly and then mix a few drops of this with the drops from the culture .
[otherwise] , mix some polycel ( or wallpaper adhesive ) with water to make a sloppy jelly and then mix a few drops of this with the drops from the culture .

Alternatively , you can varnish the wood or use a spray-can of car paint .
[otherwise] , you can varnish the wood or use a spray-can of car paint .

Alternatively , use the funnel described in Chapter 8 to find the animals in leaf litter soil or rotting timber .
[otherwise] , use the funnel described in chapter 8 to find the animals in leaf litter soil or rotting timber .

Alternatively , they lost so much money so frequently on them that they became disillusioned with all options and by proxy any other financial instruments .
[otherwise] , they lost so much money so frequently on them that they became disillusioned with all options and by proxy any other financial instruments .

This can be done by making the new range of computers architecturally similar to earlier models , and by making improvements only in the technological implementation of this architecture ; alternatively we can use microprogrammed emulation , as discussed in 3.6 .
this can be done by making the new range of computers architecturally similar to earlier models , and by making improvements only in the technological implementation of this architecture ; [otherwise] we can use microprogrammed emulation , as discussed in 3.6 .

Alternatively we can start at the level of registers and transfers between registers , and describe our architecture in terms of these primitives ; a microinstruction set would be an example here .
[otherwise] we can start at the level of registers and transfers between registers , and describe our architecture in terms of these primitives ; a microinstruction set would be an example here .

Alternatively , we could provide multiplication and division only of non-negative numbers , or multiplication but not division , or multiplication together with the operation of taking the reciprocal ( as on the Cray-1 super-computer ) .
[otherwise] , we could provide multiplication and division only of non-negative numbers , or multiplication but not division , or multiplication together with the operation of taking the reciprocal ( as on the cray-1 super-computer ) .

Alternatively such a sub-operation field might specify secondary functions to be performed with the main operation .
[otherwise] such a sub-operation field might specify secondary functions to be performed with the main operation .

Alternatively , assistance may be provided in the form of an `` analyse `` instruction , which treats a specified store location as holding an instruction , unpacks its various fields , and calculates an effective store address .
[otherwise] , assistance may be provided in the form of an `` analyse `` instruction , which treats a specified store location as holding an instruction , unpacks its various fields , and calculates an effective store address .

Probably the most influential text in the development of the modern elitist theory of democracy ( or , alternatively , theory of democratic elitism ) was Joseph Schumpeter 's Capitalism , Socialism and Democracy ( 1942 ) .
probably the most influential text in the development of the modern elitist theory of democracy ( or , [otherwise] , theory of democratic elitism ) was joseph schumpeter 's capitalism , socialism and democracy ( 1942 ) .

Alternatively a mixture of these methods may be used , possible alternative stages of test creation are represented in diagrams below ( see Figure 5.4 ) .
[otherwise] a mixture of these methods may be used , possible alternative stages of test creation are represented in diagrams below ( see figure 5.4 ) .

Alternatively , modified test items or different test procedures may be necessary .
[otherwise] , modified test items or different test procedures may be necessary .

Alternatively a pupil might know that the height of most adults is between five and six feet but fail to apply this knowledge to estimates of other lengths or heights .
[otherwise] a pupil might know that the height of most adults is between five and six feet but fail to apply this knowledge to estimates of other lengths or heights .

We may say of each braking that it was alternatively required for the effect , and that the effect alternatively required each braking .
we may say of each braking that it was [otherwise] required for the effect , and that the effect [otherwise] required each braking .

Causes are therefore either required or alternatively required for their effects .
causes are therefore either required or [otherwise] required for their effects .

If causes are required or alternatively required for their effects , they evidently are not the only things that are such .
if causes are required or [otherwise] required for their effects , they evidently are not the only things that are such .

In the three examples given at the beginning , having to do with the sound of the traffic , the windscreen wipers , and the warm left knee , a cause and each condition are naturally taken to be required for the effect , as distinct from alternatively required .
in the three examples given at the beginning , having to do with the sound of the traffic , the windscreen wipers , and the warm left knee , a cause and each condition are naturally taken to be required for the effect , as distinct from [otherwise] required .

Each , however , was alternatively required .
each , however , was [otherwise] required .

We began with the idea that a causal circumstance consists in a set of conditions including a cause or causes-more precisely a set of individual properties-each being ( 1 , 1a ) required or alternatively required for the effect .
we began with the idea that a causal circumstance consists in a set of conditions including a cause or causes-more precisely a set of individual properties-each being ( 1 , 1a ) required or [otherwise] required for the effect .

From this it followed ( 2 , 2a ) that the circumstance too is required or alternatively required for the effect .
from this it followed ( 2 , 2a ) that the circumstance too is required or [otherwise] required for the effect .

Alternatively , or if the room can not be sealed , it can be disinfected using an agent such as Tegodor , a combination of formaldehyde , glutaraldehyde and quaternary compounds ( Th .
[otherwise] , or if the room can not be sealed , it can be disinfected using an agent such as tegodor , a combination of formaldehyde , glutaraldehyde and quaternary compounds ( th .

Alternatively hold a rod or ruler across the neck while the tail is pulled .
[otherwise] hold a rod or ruler across the neck while the tail is pulled .

Alternatively , for short journeys , a piece of potato or apple is provided , but remember when sending animals abroad that there may be regulations governing the importation of vegetable matter .
[otherwise] , for short journeys , a piece of potato or apple is provided , but remember when sending animals abroad that there may be regulations governing the importation of vegetable matter .

Alternatively .
[otherwise] .

Alternatively , dispense 10 double drops of fixative on a wax plate ( dental wax , or a sheet of parafilm stuck down on a glass surface ) , and float each grid on the surface of a drop ( 1 grid per drop — use each drop once only ) .
[otherwise] , dispense 10 double drops of fixative on a wax plate ( dental wax , or a sheet of parafilm stuck down on a glass surface ) , and float each grid on the surface of a drop ( 1 grid per drop — use each drop once only ) .

Alternatively , all fluid intake and output may be measured and recorded .
[otherwise] , all fluid intake and output may be measured and recorded .

Alternatively an inhalational analgesic — a mixture of nitrous oxide and oxygen — can be inhaled before and during the procedure .
[otherwise] an inhalational analgesic — a mixture of nitrous oxide and oxygen — can be inhaled before and during the procedure .

Alternatively , why not turn to male school leavers to make up the difference ?
[otherwise] , why not turn to male school leavers to make up the difference ?

If this is known in good time , it may be possible to fit the programme to the availability of staff or alternatively redeploy staff when the work is in progress .
if this is known in good time , it may be possible to fit the programme to the availability of staff or [otherwise] redeploy staff when the work is in progress .

Alternatively , stir the honey and vinegar into a 400g ( 14oz ) can of pear halves in natural juice .
[otherwise] , stir the honey and vinegar into a 400g ( 14oz ) can of pear halves in natural juice .

Alternatively , drizzle the chocolate from the end of a teaspoon .
[otherwise] , drizzle the chocolate from the end of a teaspoon .

Alternatively , where such territories were too small and scattered , as in many colonised archipelagos , they were combined or broken up according to convenience or local politics .
[otherwise] , where such territories were too small and scattered , as in many colonised archipelagos , they were combined or broken up according to convenience or local politics .

Alternatively the dominance of one-off dance and rap records in the charts could be having a damaging effect on business as a whole — generally success in the singles chart promotes album sales but dance artists seldom shine in the album format .
[otherwise] the dominance of one-off dance and rap records in the charts could be having a damaging effect on business as a whole — generally success in the singles chart promotes album sales but dance artists seldom shine in the album format .

Alternatively , one could ask whether the working class suffer social closure inasmuch as its members find upward mobility into the ranks of the middle class exceptionally difficult .
[otherwise] , one could ask whether the working class suffer social closure inasmuch as its members find upward mobility into the ranks of the middle class exceptionally difficult .

Alternatively , use two spoons to shape the mixture into nest shapes .
[otherwise] , use two spoons to shape the mixture into nest shapes .

Alternatively , if you require a little time , a booking can be held on ‘ Option ’ for 24 hours during which time you must make the booking ‘ firm ’ otherwise the booking will automatically be released .
[otherwise] , if you require a little time , a booking can be held on ‘ option ’ for 24 hours during which time you must make the booking ‘ firm ’ otherwise the booking will automatically be released .

But , alternatively , it might mean that there is a further debate to conduct .
but , [otherwise] , it might mean that there is a further debate to conduct .

Alternatively , however , it may be that considerations of meaning take us beyond the scope of scientific method .
[otherwise] , however , it may be that considerations of meaning take us beyond the scope of scientific method .

Alternatively , pare off the rind using a swivel-type peeler .
[otherwise] , pare off the rind using a swivel-type peeler .

Alternatively , it may be digested and assimilated .
[otherwise] , it may be digested and assimilated .

Alternatively , visit the shop and café-filled Europa Centre , go to the lovely Tiergarten or hoot at the chimps in one of Europe 's most famous zoos .
[otherwise] , visit the shop and café-filled europa centre , go to the lovely tiergarten or hoot at the chimps in one of europe 's most famous zoos .

Alternatively search out a cellar bar or a ‘ Heuriger ’ in the suburbs and order a bottle of wine .
[otherwise] search out a cellar bar or a ‘ heuriger ’ in the suburbs and order a bottle of wine .

Alternatively , take one of the many cable cars or the ‘ Zugspitze ’ Germany 's highest mountain railway — to enjoy spectacular views in clear mountain air , or to sip a coffee in one of the altitude restaurants .
[otherwise] , take one of the many cable cars or the ‘ zugspitze ’ germany 's highest mountain railway — to enjoy spectacular views in clear mountain air , or to sip a coffee in one of the altitude restaurants .

Alternatively , stroll around Switzerland 's delightful cities where old and new blend in perfect harmony .
[otherwise] , stroll around switzerland 's delightful cities where old and new blend in perfect harmony .

Alternatively , subjective feelings of the amount of social support may be important .
[otherwise] , subjective feelings of the amount of social support may be important .

The fact that ‘ She ’ appears to those privileged to see her as a veiled figure and that her lustrous orbs , dazzling limbs and perfect ankles are revealed with tantalising slowness , has a rather different effect on today 's readers than it no doubt had when the book was first published , very nearly a century ago , in 1887 , to be greeted with a storm of ecstasy or alternatively of appalled disapproval , which lasted for many decades .
the fact that ‘ she ’ appears to those privileged to see her as a veiled figure and that her lustrous orbs , dazzling limbs and perfect ankles are revealed with tantalising slowness , has a rather different effect on today 's readers than it no doubt had when the book was first published , very nearly a century ago , in 1887 , to be greeted with a storm of ecstasy or [otherwise] of appalled disapproval , which lasted for many decades .

Another nanny beat Diana on the head with a wooden spoon if she was naughty or alternatively banged Charles and Diana 's heads together .
another nanny beat diana on the head with a wooden spoon if she was naughty or [otherwise] banged charles and diana 's heads together .

Alternatively , you could arrive on one of the regular coach services that operate from most large towns in Britain .
[otherwise] , you could arrive on one of the regular coach services that operate from most large towns in britain .

Alternatively , it might involve the leaking of information to the effect that one arm of the conglomerate is acting for an offeror in a take-over negotiation .
[otherwise] , it might involve the leaking of information to the effect that one arm of the conglomerate is acting for an offeror in a take-over negotiation .

Our own view is that the costs to the economy of insider trading exceed the benefits , but it seems to be impossible to quantify either costs or benefits over any period of time … [ Alternatively ] do the economic benefits of attempting to prevent insider trading exceed the costs ?
our own view is that the costs to the economy of insider trading exceed the benefits , but it seems to be impossible to quantify either costs or benefits over any period of time … [ [otherwise] ] do the economic benefits of attempting to prevent insider trading exceed the costs ?

Alternatively contact our Tailor Made Holidays Department on 081–688 9989 and let them help you mix and match a special combination of your own .
[otherwise] contact our tailor made holidays department on 081–688 9989 and let them help you mix and match a special combination of your own .

Alternatively when you need to change the paint colour or type , or move on to a different job requiring another size of brush , simply change the brush head to either 1 , 1½ , or 2″ .
[otherwise] when you need to change the paint colour or type , or move on to a different job requiring another size of brush , simply change the brush head to either 1 , 1½ , or 2″ .

Alternatively , the quilt can be suspended between the uprights .
[otherwise] , the quilt can be suspended between the uprights .

Alternatively speculators might think that the exchange value of the domestic currency will fall even further in the future , perhaps because they expect the current account deficit to become permanent , and so capital inflows will decrease and capital outflows decrease accordingly .
[otherwise] speculators might think that the exchange value of the domestic currency will fall even further in the future , perhaps because they expect the current account deficit to become permanent , and so capital inflows will decrease and capital outflows decrease accordingly .

Alternatively a holder of SDRs having a balance of payments or reserve problem activates its SDRs through the special drawing account , and the Fund designates other participants to whom the SDRs may be transferred in exchange for foreign currency .
[otherwise] a holder of sdrs having a balance of payments or reserve problem activates its sdrs through the special drawing account , and the fund designates other participants to whom the sdrs may be transferred in exchange for foreign currency .

Alternatively a programme of tree management may be sufficient .
[otherwise] a programme of tree management may be sufficient .

Alternatively if the student was in rented accommodation on a 12 month lease it can be assumed that the student is not temporarily away from home .
[otherwise] if the student was in rented accommodation on a 12 month lease it can be assumed that the student is not temporarily away from home .

Alternatively , the pursuer 's advisers may appreciate that being unable to produce better vouching , the claim can not be proven to be worth more than the Tender which is , consequently , accepted .
[otherwise] , the pursuer 's advisers may appreciate that being unable to produce better vouching , the claim can not be proven to be worth more than the tender which is , consequently , accepted .

It can involve a simple space plan of the existing building to provide a more flexible and efficient layout or alternatively , it can be used as the basis to calculate the required floor area for a new building .
it can involve a simple space plan of the existing building to provide a more flexible and efficient layout or [otherwise] , it can be used as the basis to calculate the required floor area for a new building .

The use of multi disciplinary teams or alternatively the degree of specialisation of sections within the Exchequer Division .
the use of multi disciplinary teams or [otherwise] the degree of specialisation of sections within the exchequer division .

In such cases , he should ask that the lorry be re-tared within 24 hours and retain the ticket until this is done , or alternatively , he may follow the procedure in Note 4 .
in such cases , he should ask that the lorry be re-tared within 24 hours and retain the ticket until this is done , or [otherwise] , he may follow the procedure in note 4 .

Alternatively they can stay out at night in an enclosed field .
[otherwise] they can stay out at night in an enclosed field .

Science-based departments are able to apply to Research Councils for studentships on behalf of some suitably qualified applicants : alternatively , they may be able to offer financial support from an industrial source .
science-based departments are able to apply to research councils for studentships on behalf of some suitably qualified applicants : [otherwise] , they may be able to offer financial support from an industrial source .

At least one third of the annual amount due must be paid on enrolment in October and the balance in two equal instalments ( preferably by post-dated cheques , alternatively by bank standing order ) by the end of the first week of the second and third terms respectively .
at least one third of the annual amount due must be paid on enrolment in october and the balance in two equal instalments ( preferably by post-dated cheques , [otherwise] by bank standing order ) by the end of the first week of the second and third terms respectively .

For these , 12 months full-time study ( from October ) is normally required , or alternatively 24 or 36 months part-time study .
for these , 12 months full-time study ( from october ) is normally required , or [otherwise] 24 or 36 months part-time study .

Certain of these may , alternatively , be studied on part-time basis .
certain of these may , [otherwise] , be studied on part-time basis .

Use only CFC-free aerosols or alternatively buy products such as roll-on stick deodorants instead .
use only cfc-free aerosols or [otherwise] buy products such as roll-on stick deodorants instead .

Alternatively , there continued to be ‘ grassroots ’ feelings that in spite of the hazards of peer review through external validation , the process was more palatable in some subject areas than the hazards within institutions .
[otherwise] , there continued to be ‘ grassroots ’ feelings that in spite of the hazards of peer review through external validation , the process was more palatable in some subject areas than the hazards within institutions .

At least one third of the annual amount due must be paid on enrolment and the balance in two equal instalments ( preferably by post-dated cheques , alternatively by bank standing order ) by the end of the first week of the second and third terms respectively .
at least one third of the annual amount due must be paid on enrolment and the balance in two equal instalments ( preferably by post-dated cheques , [otherwise] by bank standing order ) by the end of the first week of the second and third terms respectively .

Alternatively , you could use a three pin plug with a built-in thermostat , available from electrical retailers .
[otherwise] , you could use a three pin plug with a built-in thermostat , available from electrical retailers .

Alternatively , smoking could exert an effect on gall bladder contractility , possibly by inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis .
[otherwise] , smoking could exert an effect on gall bladder contractility , possibly by inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis .

Upon this was laid a course of marble cement in which the mosaic pavement was bedded ; alternatively marble slabs were laid .
upon this was laid a course of marble cement in which the mosaic pavement was bedded ; [otherwise] marble slabs were laid .

Doorways commonly had semi-circular arches but alternatively flat , segmental or horseshoe designs ( 183 ) .
doorways commonly had semi-circular arches but [otherwise] flat , segmental or horseshoe designs ( 183 ) .

Alternatively as the accounts are being done at the end of the month at that point in time the benefit is used up so the rent could be charged to the profit and loss account directly .
[otherwise] as the accounts are being done at the end of the month at that point in time the benefit is used up so the rent could be charged to the profit and loss account directly .

Alternatively , equilibrium occurs where planned injections into the circular flow of income equal planned withdrawals.1 In the basic Keynesian model the different sectors are viewed as undertaking different activities that are dependent on different main variables .
[otherwise] , equilibrium occurs where planned injections into the circular flow of income equal planned withdrawals.1 in the basic keynesian model the different sectors are viewed as undertaking different activities that are dependent on different main variables .

Alternatively , there may be a role for a central government .
[otherwise] , there may be a role for a central government .

( Alternatively , therefore , the indifference curve has sometimes been taken to reflect the preferences of the median voter inasmuch as there are circumstances in which , when the majority voting rule applies , the decision from the local community will be that of the median voter . )
( [otherwise] , therefore , the indifference curve has sometimes been taken to reflect the preferences of the median voter inasmuch as there are circumstances in which , when the majority voting rule applies , the decision from the local community will be that of the median voter . )

This index enables you to select either the option to reserve a package or product name or alternatively reserve up to 29 source , foreign or pmodel names .
this index enables you to select either the option to reserve a package or product name or [otherwise] reserve up to 29 source , foreign or pmodel names .

Alternatively , the issue can be updated prior to despatch , using option 5.3.2 , in order to associate a different product or client with the issue .
[otherwise] , the issue can be updated prior to despatch , using option 5.3.2 , in order to associate a different product or client with the issue .

Men were described alternatively in the records as yeoman or husbandman or by their craft name , for industry and agriculture were not then regarded as two entirely separate ventures .
men were described [otherwise] in the records as yeoman or husbandman or by their craft name , for industry and agriculture were not then regarded as two entirely separate ventures .

Alternatively , if we view the anions as the cubic structure then the cations have the tetrahedral arrangement .
[otherwise] , if we view the anions as the cubic structure then the cations have the tetrahedral arrangement .

It can be calculated from the free energies of formation of products and reactants using the following equation : Alternatively it can be calculated from standard molar changes in enthalpy and entropy for the reaction using equation ( 24 ) .
it can be calculated from the free energies of formation of products and reactants using the following equation : [otherwise] it can be calculated from standard molar changes in enthalpy and entropy for the reaction using equation ( 24 ) .

Alternatively , we can also hypothesise that if there is a change in proprioception , pointing with the non-preferred hand should show no adaptive shift , while pointing with the preferred hand at the non-visual target should show the same adaptive shift as that for the visual target .
[otherwise] , we can also hypothesise that if there is a change in proprioception , pointing with the non-preferred hand should show no adaptive shift , while pointing with the preferred hand at the non-visual target should show the same adaptive shift as that for the visual target .

Alternatively , subjects might selectively attend to initial information and ignore later , incompatible information .
[otherwise] , subjects might selectively attend to initial information and ignore later , incompatible information .

Alternatively , if used as part of the external audit process , a contract audit may demonstrate to one party that the contract is being managed efficiently and effectively .
[otherwise] , if used as part of the external audit process , a contract audit may demonstrate to one party that the contract is being managed efficiently and effectively .

Or alternatively if cash has been allocated for a later purchase of , say , an expected new issue of bonds and the fear is of prices rising , an investor can hedge by buying a future or by acquiring a call option .
or [otherwise] if cash has been allocated for a later purchase of , say , an expected new issue of bonds and the fear is of prices rising , an investor can hedge by buying a future or by acquiring a call option .

Alternatively , they may cross subsidise deals with their profits in other markets such as swaps .
[otherwise] , they may cross subsidise deals with their profits in other markets such as swaps .

Alternatively , unity is viewed as social solidarity .
[otherwise] , unity is viewed as social solidarity .

Alternatively , where the members of the single community under study perceive themselves as belonging to a number of separate kin groups which do not intermarry , this is a matter of great sociological significance regardless of what may or may not be the actual biological facts of the case .
[otherwise] , where the members of the single community under study perceive themselves as belonging to a number of separate kin groups which do not intermarry , this is a matter of great sociological significance regardless of what may or may not be the actual biological facts of the case .

Advise the initiating member or the client of the results of the contact on an expeditious basis or , alternatively , explain the reasons for delay .
advise the initiating member or the client of the results of the contact on an expeditious basis or , [otherwise] , explain the reasons for delay .

Alternatively the acquiror may wish to have a specific retention out of the consideration only to be released after a specific timeframe once all identified pre-contract trade debtors have been collected ) .
[otherwise] the acquiror may wish to have a specific retention out of the consideration only to be released after a specific timeframe once all identified pre-contract trade debtors have been collected ) .

Alternatively the Vendor may argue , particularly where the price includes a substantial element for goodwill , that the Purchaser 's only remedy will be to have damages assessed on the ‘ indemnity ’ basis .
[otherwise] the vendor may argue , particularly where the price includes a substantial element for goodwill , that the purchaser 's only remedy will be to have damages assessed on the ‘ indemnity ’ basis .

Alternatively it would be unfair if the only measure of damages was the indemnity basis — because the Purchaser might never be able to recover its goodwill payment .
[otherwise] it would be unfair if the only measure of damages was the indemnity basis — because the purchaser might never be able to recover its goodwill payment .

The mortally wounded killer was alternatively pleading and threatening now , his insanity having paradoxically deserted him , in circumstances which would have driven others to the brink of madness .
the mortally wounded killer was [otherwise] pleading and threatening now , his insanity having paradoxically deserted him , in circumstances which would have driven others to the brink of madness .

The research aims to obtain detailed evidence of the various ways in which assistance given to firms by district councils conflicts with , or alternatively helps regional policy to bring jobs to the depressed areas .
the research aims to obtain detailed evidence of the various ways in which assistance given to firms by district councils conflicts with , or [otherwise] helps regional policy to bring jobs to the depressed areas .

Alternatively it has been suggested that it is not so much the school effect which is important as the curriculum which is followed .
[otherwise] it has been suggested that it is not so much the school effect which is important as the curriculum which is followed .

Alternatively , it has been suggested that the trend is simply a reflection of the large numbers of businesses which have been established by unemployed individuals who see no prospect of finding gainful employment .
[otherwise] , it has been suggested that the trend is simply a reflection of the large numbers of businesses which have been established by unemployed individuals who see no prospect of finding gainful employment .

Alternatively , you can get a glimpse of life in the country homes of the upper classes .
[otherwise] , you can get a glimpse of life in the country homes of the upper classes .

Alternatively , there is the softly-softly Unionist strategy , based on finding more common ground at district council level time for such an interim stage , many would ask .
[otherwise] , there is the softly-softly unionist strategy , based on finding more common ground at district council level time for such an interim stage , many would ask .

Should you need advice , assistance or clarification please do not hesitate to contact me ; alternatively you may wish to contact the nominated liaison officer for facilities projects , Ian Cramond that we hear from you before the end of this month .
should you need advice , assistance or clarification please do not hesitate to contact me ; [otherwise] you may wish to contact the nominated liaison officer for facilities projects , ian cramond that we hear from you before the end of this month .

Alternatively the National and Regional Coaching Centres have supplies which can be made available to local or district associations of governing bodies .
[otherwise] the national and regional coaching centres have supplies which can be made available to local or district associations of governing bodies .

Alternatively , it might represent a pessimistic feeling about the ability to carry the existing borrowing .
[otherwise] , it might represent a pessimistic feeling about the ability to carry the existing borrowing .

Alternatively , your ideas may be discussed in advance with any member of the Committee , who represent the Garden as a whole , not just a particular user ‘ constituency ’ .
[otherwise] , your ideas may be discussed in advance with any member of the committee , who represent the garden as a whole , not just a particular user ‘ constituency ’ .

Alternatively deceleration can be initiated by extending a phase excitation time until the rotor moves forward of the equilibrium position and the motor produces negative torque .
[otherwise] deceleration can be initiated by extending a phase excitation time until the rotor moves forward of the equilibrium position and the motor produces negative torque .

Alternatively the table values can be found experimentally and , as an aid to this potentially laborious process , Lafreniere ( 1979 ) has developed a microprocessor.based interactive system , which calculates the complete look-up table from a limited number of velocity profile parameters , such as maximum stepping rate , acceleration/deceleration rate .
[otherwise] the table values can be found experimentally and , as an aid to this potentially laborious process , lafreniere ( 1979 ) has developed a microprocessor.based interactive system , which calculates the complete look-up table from a limited number of velocity profile parameters , such as maximum stepping rate , acceleration/deceleration rate .

Alternatively the tentacle scales may lie above the distal oral papillae .
[otherwise] the tentacle scales may lie above the distal oral papillae .

Alternatively , if we do n't need our whole luck ration for these two stages of our theory , we can , in effect , use the surplus to postulate life elsewhere in the universe .
[otherwise] , if we do n't need our whole luck ration for these two stages of our theory , we can , in effect , use the surplus to postulate life elsewhere in the universe .

Alternatively , strata will later be discovered that appear to fall into the time gap between the two stages .
[otherwise] , strata will later be discovered that appear to fall into the time gap between the two stages .

As a consequence , there have been occasions when reports produced at the central point have either been suspect in content or alternatively have failed to meet their deadline .
as a consequence , there have been occasions when reports produced at the central point have either been suspect in content or [otherwise] have failed to meet their deadline .

We were therefore left with two alternatives , to concentrate on particular aspects of `` Manpower Control `` using very few slides , or alternatively deal briefly with the many aspects of this topic in order to demonstrate the potential of the system available to us .
we were therefore left with two alternatives , to concentrate on particular aspects of `` manpower control `` using very few slides , or [otherwise] deal briefly with the many aspects of this topic in order to demonstrate the potential of the system available to us .

Alternatively , we could generate crude annual wastage rates based on any given period ( figure 11 ) .
[otherwise] , we could generate crude annual wastage rates based on any given period ( figure 11 ) .

Alternatively , it could mean that the sources were more numerous in the past , at the time that the radio waves left on their journey to us , than they are now .
[otherwise] , it could mean that the sources were more numerous in the past , at the time that the radio waves left on their journey to us , than they are now .

Alternatively , as at Old Carlisle , the simple title magister sufficed , as for example on the inscription dedicated to Mercury by Amilius , magister vici Bodatii ( Vic-sur-Seille ) in the territory of the Mediomatrices .
[otherwise] , as at old carlisle , the simple title magister sufficed , as for example on the inscription dedicated to mercury by amilius , magister vici bodatii ( vic-sur-seille ) in the territory of the mediomatrices .

When the rear subdivision is absent , it is usually assumed , on very little evidence , that an upper storey acted as the domestic residence or , alternatively , as storage space .
when the rear subdivision is absent , it is usually assumed , on very little evidence , that an upper storey acted as the domestic residence or , [otherwise] , as storage space .

Alternatively it might have been a shop purveying cooked food , or it could have provided eating facilities for travellers along the road .
[otherwise] it might have been a shop purveying cooked food , or it could have provided eating facilities for travellers along the road .

Alternatively he can take some profit and sell the bill in the bill ( or discount ) market before the three month term is up .
[otherwise] he can take some profit and sell the bill in the bill ( or discount ) market before the three month term is up .

Alternatively , they can use external financing — they can borrow from banks , issue loan stock ( debt ) , or issue shares ( equity ) .
[otherwise] , they can use external financing — they can borrow from banks , issue loan stock ( debt ) , or issue shares ( equity ) .

Alternatively he may lie able to sue for misrepresentation .
[otherwise] he may lie able to sue for misrepresentation .

Alternatively , people sometimes leave their estate to charity as a long-stop , with the charity inheriting the estate if everyone else mentioned in their will has died , for example .
[otherwise] , people sometimes leave their estate to charity as a long-stop , with the charity inheriting the estate if everyone else mentioned in their will has died , for example .

Alternatively cards may be moved from pile to pile if they match the suit of the card underneath and have a lower face value .
[otherwise] cards may be moved from pile to pile if they match the suit of the card underneath and have a lower face value .

Alternatively , p53 may interact more directly with the repair machinery , perhaps increasing its fidelity but delaying repair so that lesion-induced apoptotic signals are sustained .
[otherwise] , p53 may interact more directly with the repair machinery , perhaps increasing its fidelity but delaying repair so that lesion-induced apoptotic signals are sustained .

Alternatively , Small and Hoy have tabulated a series of group molar attraction constants from which a good estimate of δ for most polymers can be made .
[otherwise] , small and hoy have tabulated a series of group molar attraction constants from which a good estimate of δ for most polymers can be made .

Alternatively , the scattering can be expressed as a turbidity τ where and the equation becomes
[otherwise] , the scattering can be expressed as a turbidity τ where and the equation becomes

Alternatively , the Germans had trapped Lambert and Gabriel .
[otherwise] , the germans had trapped lambert and gabriel .

Alternatively , if this agreement is not reached , the objectives reached in node 3 must be reconsidered .
[otherwise] , if this agreement is not reached , the objectives reached in node 3 must be reconsidered .

Alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .
[otherwise] the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .

One form of testing the Italians swear by is to throw a strand at a wall : if it sticks , it 's ready ( al dente ) , if it falls off , it needs a little longer ! Alternatively , tasting it is another successful method .
one form of testing the italians swear by is to throw a strand at a wall : if it sticks , it 's ready ( al dente ) , if it falls off , it needs a little longer ! [otherwise] , tasting it is another successful method .

Alternatively , as he explained to Lord Derby , ‘ the cancelled parts , may , if you please , be bound together , and entitled Illustrations of Birds from Australia , and from the few copies in the hands of the public , they will some day be of value , though , it is true , more to the Book-Collector , than the Naturalist .
[otherwise] , as he explained to lord derby , ‘ the cancelled parts , may , if you please , be bound together , and entitled illustrations of birds from australia , and from the few copies in the hands of the public , they will some day be of value , though , it is true , more to the book-collector , than the naturalist .

Alternatively , in recent years there has been an increasing tendency to display ‘ art ’ as part of corporate packaging .
[otherwise] , in recent years there has been an increasing tendency to display ‘ art ’ as part of corporate packaging .

She spent the rest of her ‘ ninety years of aggressively independent living ’ 9 with only the consistent company of a pack of fox-terriers , alternatively at her Yorkshire cottage perched precariously on the edge of a cliff or in her Chelsea studio overlooking the river .
she spent the rest of her ‘ ninety years of aggressively independent living ’ 9 with only the consistent company of a pack of fox-terriers , [otherwise] at her yorkshire cottage perched precariously on the edge of a cliff or in her chelsea studio overlooking the river .

Alternatively two bays had to be treated as one .
[otherwise] two bays had to be treated as one .

Or , alternatively , a winter 's day in the 1380s .
or , [otherwise] , a winter 's day in the 1380s .

Since the seventeenth century we seem to have been caught up in this vicious cycle , alternatively applying the model of capitalist society to the animal kingdom , then reapplying this bourgeoisified animal kingdom to the interpretation of society .
since the seventeenth century we seem to have been caught up in this vicious cycle , [otherwise] applying the model of capitalist society to the animal kingdom , then reapplying this bourgeoisified animal kingdom to the interpretation of society .

Alternatively , they may well work on their own account , perhaps for a number of organisations simultaneously .
[otherwise] , they may well work on their own account , perhaps for a number of organisations simultaneously .

Alternatively , you could make the screens or shutters easily detachable and have one surface painted or covered in fabric so that you could ring the changes when you felt like it or have different ones for summer and winter .
[otherwise] , you could make the screens or shutters easily detachable and have one surface painted or covered in fabric so that you could ring the changes when you felt like it or have different ones for summer and winter .

Alternatively , try to find the sort of rectangular table that can also double as a long desk or work table when required .
[otherwise] , try to find the sort of rectangular table that can also double as a long desk or work table when required .

Alternatively , try recessed or surface-mounted downlights using , say , 75 watt reflector floods .
[otherwise] , try recessed or surface-mounted downlights using , say , 75 watt reflector floods .

Alternatively it may be that your kitchen actually functions with great efficiency and is relatively modern but simply lacks character .
[otherwise] it may be that your kitchen actually functions with great efficiency and is relatively modern but simply lacks character .

Alternatively , you can buy standard but empty units and fill them with your own choice of such ‘ organizers ’ from other sources .
[otherwise] , you can buy standard but empty units and fill them with your own choice of such ‘ organizers ’ from other sources .

Alternatively , just hang plants from hooks above the window , or stand small pots of plants along the windowsill , making sure that the ones you select are going to be happy with the kind of light , temperature and humidity you are providing .
[otherwise] , just hang plants from hooks above the window , or stand small pots of plants along the windowsill , making sure that the ones you select are going to be happy with the kind of light , temperature and humidity you are providing .

Alternatively , buy folding chairs that could either be put away in , say , a hall cupboard and taken out when needed , or hung on a wall .
[otherwise] , buy folding chairs that could either be put away in , say , a hall cupboard and taken out when needed , or hung on a wall .

Alternatively , the radiometer has insufficient sensitivity .
[otherwise] , the radiometer has insufficient sensitivity .

It is not a large effect and may be ignored , or alternatively some form of shielding could be provided .
it is not a large effect and may be ignored , or [otherwise] some form of shielding could be provided .

They might alternatively borrow an English word as they did for bulaki meaning bullock .
they might [otherwise] borrow an english word as they did for bulaki meaning bullock .

Alternatively , what about a kind of hooligan litter squad ?
[otherwise] , what about a kind of hooligan litter squad ?

Alternatively , they can get some rewards from shareholdings .
[otherwise] , they can get some rewards from shareholdings .

Alternatively , it can be done by individual companies and by retailers .
[otherwise] , it can be done by individual companies and by retailers .

The implications of such spending increases are either that borrowing would rise to unprecedented levels , and no doubt interest rates with them , or , alternatively , that taxes would rise to a remarkable extent .
the implications of such spending increases are either that borrowing would rise to unprecedented levels , and no doubt interest rates with them , or , [otherwise] , that taxes would rise to a remarkable extent .

Alternatively , people in an average house in Southampton would pay £89 less than people in Salisbury .
[otherwise] , people in an average house in southampton would pay £89 less than people in salisbury .

Will he undertake to debate , in Government time , the negotiations before their conclusion is reached or , alternatively , afterwards ?
will he undertake to debate , in government time , the negotiations before their conclusion is reached or , [otherwise] , afterwards ?

Alternatively the government can try to produce the goods in the public sector in socially efficient quantities .
[otherwise] the government can try to produce the goods in the public sector in socially efficient quantities .

Alternatively they can seek to avoid the protective wall by setting up subsidiaries and branches within the Community .
[otherwise] they can seek to avoid the protective wall by setting up subsidiaries and branches within the community .

Remove the spring by twisting the end clockwise with a screwdriver . Alternatively , pull it out with the piece of string
remove the spring by twisting the end clockwise with a screwdriver . [otherwise] , pull it out with the piece of string

Alternatively , pipework can be covered up , either with home-made boxing made from plywood or with one of the proprietary products .
[otherwise] , pipework can be covered up , either with home-made boxing made from plywood or with one of the proprietary products .

Alternatively , a replacement nylon seat can be fitted which is placed firmly on the old seat and a new washer and jumper fitted
[otherwise] , a replacement nylon seat can be fitted which is placed firmly on the old seat and a new washer and jumper fitted

Alternatively , use a solid stopper .
[otherwise] , use a solid stopper .

Alternatively , some sockets may be 32mm or 40mm to take branch pipes directly .
[otherwise] , some sockets may be 32mm or 40mm to take branch pipes directly .

Alternatively , drill a circle of holes and remove the disc made . The two centre holes allow a retaining wire to be fitted
[otherwise] , drill a circle of holes and remove the disc made . the two centre holes allow a retaining wire to be fitted

Alternatively , he or she may suggest that the inspection chamber is left in operation , fitted with an airtight cover bolted or screwed down so that it can be removed if necessary .
[otherwise] , he or she may suggest that the inspection chamber is left in operation , fitted with an airtight cover bolted or screwed down so that it can be removed if necessary .

If downpipes get blocked you could try pushing down a pole with a rag tied to the end . Alternatively , use drain rods
if downpipes get blocked you could try pushing down a pole with a rag tied to the end . [otherwise] , use drain rods

She had felt alternatively vulnerable and safe with him .
she had felt [otherwise] vulnerable and safe with him .

Depending on how it is achieved , natural language indexing based upon the full text of a document may be very detailed ; alternatively , it may establish some mechanism for deciding which terms are the most important in relation to a particular document .
depending on how it is achieved , natural language indexing based upon the full text of a document may be very detailed ; [otherwise] , it may establish some mechanism for deciding which terms are the most important in relation to a particular document .

Alternatively , they may opt to use just the medium edition .
[otherwise] , they may opt to use just the medium edition .

Some headings may also be subdivided by place , or alternatively , some places may be subdivided by subject ; for example , Agriculture France or Paris — Population .
some headings may also be subdivided by place , or [otherwise] , some places may be subdivided by subject ; for example , agriculture france or paris — population .

Alternatively , the subjects linked by ‘ see also ’ references may be a general subject and its more specific subdivision , for example : Crime see also Crimes without victims .
[otherwise] , the subjects linked by ‘ see also ’ references may be a general subject and its more specific subdivision , for example : crime see also crimes without victims .

Alternatively , terms may be recorded with the aid of thesaurus software as described in 16.5 .
[otherwise] , terms may be recorded with the aid of thesaurus software as described in 16.5 .

Alternatively , if the monopoly profit is supposed to be the return to entrepreneurship or innovation , and these qualities are elastically supplied , output may again be affected .
[otherwise] , if the monopoly profit is supposed to be the return to entrepreneurship or innovation , and these qualities are elastically supplied , output may again be affected .

Alternatively , in a model with natural resources , a tax on capital income may affect the capital market equilibrium ( see Exercise 8–3 ) .
[otherwise] , in a model with natural resources , a tax on capital income may affect the capital market equilibrium ( see exercise 8–3 ) .

In the main model we make one particular set of assumptions : that there is equal division among sons ( alternatively class marriage ) and that family size is fixed ( at ) .
in the main model we make one particular set of assumptions : that there is equal division among sons ( [otherwise] class marriage ) and that family size is fixed ( at ) .

Alternatively , one can seek to model disequilibrium behaviour .
[otherwise] , one can seek to model disequilibrium behaviour .

Comparing equation ( 3.46 ) with equation ( 3.47 ) we see that rational expectations imposes the restrictions that : and or , alternatively : and
comparing equation ( 3.46 ) with equation ( 3.47 ) we see that rational expectations imposes the restrictions that : and or , [otherwise] : and

Alternatively , phone Dr Ruth — appointments only — wear a frogman suit , a lace pinafore , and carry a riding crop and a packet of plastic floss-threaders — and take the bit between your teeth — mmmmmmm !
[otherwise] , phone dr ruth — appointments only — wear a frogman suit , a lace pinafore , and carry a riding crop and a packet of plastic floss-threaders — and take the bit between your teeth — mmmmmmm !

Alternatively , the thin section or peel can be placed on the stage of a 35 mm transparency copying machine , and a black and white or colour photograph taken by flash for later printing or projection .
[otherwise] , the thin section or peel can be placed on the stage of a 35 mm transparency copying machine , and a black and white or colour photograph taken by flash for later printing or projection .

Alternatively , cements may nucleate on grains as separate , or disconformable , crystals ( Fig .
[otherwise] , cements may nucleate on grains as separate , or disconformable , crystals ( fig .

Alternatively , such flows could be ‘ induced ’ .
[otherwise] , such flows could be ‘ induced ’ .

Alternatively , we may say that for a given level of benefit , the premium will be determined by the risk , or more briefly still , that the premium : benefit ratio is a function of risk .
[otherwise] , we may say that for a given level of benefit , the premium will be determined by the risk , or more briefly still , that the premium : benefit ratio is a function of risk .

Alternatively the capsule might be drifting in the weak gravitational field of intergalactic space .
[otherwise] the capsule might be drifting in the weak gravitational field of intergalactic space .

Alternatively , it may be the strategy with which teachers feel most able to cope with the wide range of pupil attainment .
[otherwise] , it may be the strategy with which teachers feel most able to cope with the wide range of pupil attainment .

‘ Or alternatively anyone who they released recently with similar ones .
‘ or [otherwise] anyone who they released recently with similar ones .

The poor , when portrayed , were usually ‘ rescued ’ or adopted somehow , alternatively they turned out to be long lost daughters of land-owners , princes , or millionaires , stolen at birth by gypsies .
the poor , when portrayed , were usually ‘ rescued ’ or adopted somehow , [otherwise] they turned out to be long lost daughters of land-owners , princes , or millionaires , stolen at birth by gypsies .

Since Charles figured in later medieval tales as the killer of Bernard to avenge his mother 's honour , or , alternatively , as Bernard 's bastard son , it is worth stressing that the charge of adultery against Judith is mentioned only in 830 ( Bernard is first documented at the palace in 824 ) and that no contemporary source ever cast doubt on Charles 's paternity .
since charles figured in later medieval tales as the killer of bernard to avenge his mother 's honour , or , [otherwise] , as bernard 's bastard son , it is worth stressing that the charge of adultery against judith is mentioned only in 830 ( bernard is first documented at the palace in 824 ) and that no contemporary source ever cast doubt on charles 's paternity .

The emperor told Lothar to define the two parts , and let Charles choose which he wanted ; alternatively , said Louis , `` we 'll divide , and the choice of parts will be yours `` .
the emperor told lothar to define the two parts , and let charles choose which he wanted ; [otherwise] , said louis , `` we 'll divide , and the choice of parts will be yours `` .

4 cloves of garlic , alternatively use garlic powder
4 cloves of garlic , [otherwise] use garlic powder

Alternatively many restaurants offer a cosmopolitan selection of dishes and so you can find on the one menu everything from the French Eggs Benedict to native Cajun Chicken and of course the ubiquitous Apple Pie .
[otherwise] many restaurants offer a cosmopolitan selection of dishes and so you can find on the one menu everything from the french eggs benedict to native cajun chicken and of course the ubiquitous apple pie .

Alternatively , if their agreement could not be achieved , it would have to be effected by force .
[otherwise] , if their agreement could not be achieved , it would have to be effected by force .

Alternatively , a report could be located/created and an extract from the spreadsheet file in Task 2 would be imported in grid format or , if the system allows , in specified graphical format .
[otherwise] , a report could be located/created and an extract from the spreadsheet file in task 2 would be imported in grid format or , if the system allows , in specified graphical format .

Alternatively , Stalin organised Kirov 's murder as an excuse for the widespread purges .
[otherwise] , stalin organised kirov 's murder as an excuse for the widespread purges .

Alternatively , the Commissioner will usually delay providing assistance if an internal investigation into the problem is currently being conducted by the trade union .
[otherwise] , the commissioner will usually delay providing assistance if an internal investigation into the problem is currently being conducted by the trade union .

In these circumstances , the employer may rely on the law protecting trade secrets and begin in-house production or , alternatively , license others to use or develop the relevant know-how generated by the invention .
in these circumstances , the employer may rely on the law protecting trade secrets and begin in-house production or , [otherwise] , license others to use or develop the relevant know-how generated by the invention .

Alternatively , he may choose to retail it or license others to exploit the patent .
[otherwise] , he may choose to retail it or license others to exploit the patent .

Alternatively , the employer may have chosen not to exploit the invention at all since it would effectively reduce customer demand for an established and more expensive substitute already produced as part of his current range of activities .
[otherwise] , the employer may have chosen not to exploit the invention at all since it would effectively reduce customer demand for an established and more expensive substitute already produced as part of his current range of activities .

Alternatively , taking the initiative might entail making the manager or employer aware of his or her responsibility .
[otherwise] , taking the initiative might entail making the manager or employer aware of his or her responsibility .

Alternatively , they may have experienced some risk , but only the lower levels which characterize the flat lower part of the relationship shown in Figure 3.3 .
[otherwise] , they may have experienced some risk , but only the lower levels which characterize the flat lower part of the relationship shown in figure 3.3 .

Alternatively it could be that all subjects perform differently on junctions they previously knew well compared to those they did not know well .
[otherwise] it could be that all subjects perform differently on junctions they previously knew well compared to those they did not know well .

One might alternatively suggest that a single standard driving schema exists and deviations from this are the appropriate measure rather than deviations from junction specific expectations .
one might [otherwise] suggest that a single standard driving schema exists and deviations from this are the appropriate measure rather than deviations from junction specific expectations .

Alternatively or additionally subjects may genuinely feel that there is greater subjective difference within the few films they have given high ratings to than within the many they have given lower ratings to and have been at least partially successful in avoiding what Poulton ( 1989 ) terms equal frequency biases .
[otherwise] or additionally subjects may genuinely feel that there is greater subjective difference within the few films they have given high ratings to than within the many they have given lower ratings to and have been at least partially successful in avoiding what poulton ( 1989 ) terms equal frequency biases .

The difference in accident estimates between right and left turns , t ( 22 ) =1.89 , p < 0.05 , suggests that subjects may indeed have used feelings of risk inappropriately when giving their accident estimates ( alternatively , it is of course possible that the right turns used in this study actually did come from objectively more risky junctions than the left turns ) .
the difference in accident estimates between right and left turns , t ( 22 ) =1.89 , p < 0.05 , suggests that subjects may indeed have used feelings of risk inappropriately when giving their accident estimates ( [otherwise] , it is of course possible that the right turns used in this study actually did come from objectively more risky junctions than the left turns ) .

b Alternatively , the Regional Chambers foyer could be used .
b [otherwise] , the regional chambers foyer could be used .

Indeed the adjective must be so understood ; if we try to imagine using , in the structure of ( 16 ) , an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase ( nor helping as a qualifier to identify any entity of the sentence ) , there will be only two possible outcomes : If it is a property semantically compatible with the verb , the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb : ( 17 ) Alastair likes his beef tea great Alternatively , it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either ; but , in that case , there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically `` loose `` , so that the whole will be incomprehensible : ( 18 ) the process left the documents puzzled Thus , the property of the adjective qualifies , in purely syntactic terms , the inner grouping of verb and object ; it is applied to the entity of the noun phrase , but not directly , only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures , each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to function effectively .
indeed the adjective must be so understood ; if we try to imagine using , in the structure of ( 16 ) , an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase ( nor helping as a qualifier to identify any entity of the sentence ) , there will be only two possible outcomes : if it is a property semantically compatible with the verb , the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb : ( 17 ) alastair likes his beef tea great [otherwise] , it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either ; but , in that case , there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically `` loose `` , so that the whole will be incomprehensible : ( 18 ) the process left the documents puzzled thus , the property of the adjective qualifies , in purely syntactic terms , the inner grouping of verb and object ; it is applied to the entity of the noun phrase , but not directly , only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures , each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to function effectively .

Alternatively work could begin by looking at how time can be measured .
[otherwise] work could begin by looking at how time can be measured .

Alternatively , one of the thematic optional units could be selected for the same purpose .
[otherwise] , one of the thematic optional units could be selected for the same purpose .

Even if this does not strictly fit into the history framework , teachers will want to build on such events , or , alternatively , they might perhaps form the basis of a `` once only `` local unit .
even if this does not strictly fit into the history framework , teachers will want to build on such events , or , [otherwise] , they might perhaps form the basis of a `` once only `` local unit .

Alternatively the owner could grant a tenancy of the land with the right to cut and remove standing timber during the term of the tenancy …
[otherwise] the owner could grant a tenancy of the land with the right to cut and remove standing timber during the term of the tenancy …

Alternatively , you can copy out parts of the book into your notes .
[otherwise] , you can copy out parts of the book into your notes .

The formal markers of connectedness described above indicate in general that one statement is about to be amplified , supported or qualified by , or alternatively contrasted with , the next statement .
the formal markers of connectedness described above indicate in general that one statement is about to be amplified , supported or qualified by , or [otherwise] contrasted with , the next statement .

Alternatively , a single softner operating on a time clock and regenerating during the night may be the best solution .
[otherwise] , a single softner operating on a time clock and regenerating during the night may be the best solution .

Alternatively , a numeric pager can be used , having its own small display screen .
[otherwise] , a numeric pager can be used , having its own small display screen .

Alternatively , a person may place himself in a dangerous position which exposes him to the risk of involvement in the accident in which he is harmed .
[otherwise] , a person may place himself in a dangerous position which exposes him to the risk of involvement in the accident in which he is harmed .

Alternatively the plaintiff may complain that the product was in itself inadequately constructed .
[otherwise] the plaintiff may complain that the product was in itself inadequately constructed .

Alternatively the statute may create an action by specific wording , either as a substitute for a common law action ( Nuclear Installations Act 1965 ) , or in addition .
[otherwise] the statute may create an action by specific wording , either as a substitute for a common law action ( nuclear installations act 1965 ) , or in addition .

Alternatively , the statute may provide for the reasonable practicability of precautions .
[otherwise] , the statute may provide for the reasonable practicability of precautions .

Alternatively , the employer could be vicariously liable if Arthur was negligent in respect of his statement to Bert .
[otherwise] , the employer could be vicariously liable if arthur was negligent in respect of his statement to bert .

If a proposed merger is likely to lead to the merged firms having a market share greater than one quarter or alternatively involves assets in excess of £30 million , then it may be referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission .
if a proposed merger is likely to lead to the merged firms having a market share greater than one quarter or [otherwise] involves assets in excess of £30 million , then it may be referred to the monopolies and mergers commission .

who shall spend sufficient time at such office to ensure adequate control of the staff employed there and afford requisite facilities for consultation with clients . In the case of a firm in private practice such solicitor may be a principal , employee or consultant of the firm , provided that the firm must have at least one principal who is a solicitor who has been admitted for at least three years , or alternatively , in the case of a firm none of whose principals exercise any right of audience or right to conduct litigation or supervise or assume responsibility for the exercise of any such right , a foreign lawyer who has been qualified in his or her own jurisdiction for at least three years ;
who shall spend sufficient time at such office to ensure adequate control of the staff employed there and afford requisite facilities for consultation with clients . in the case of a firm in private practice such solicitor may be a principal , employee or consultant of the firm , provided that the firm must have at least one principal who is a solicitor who has been admitted for at least three years , or [otherwise] , in the case of a firm none of whose principals exercise any right of audience or right to conduct litigation or supervise or assume responsibility for the exercise of any such right , a foreign lawyer who has been qualified in his or her own jurisdiction for at least three years ;

Alternatively , all three persons , programmer , database developer and user , might be considered to be joint authors .
[otherwise] , all three persons , programmer , database developer and user , might be considered to be joint authors .

Alternatively , if the information has already been disclosed or used , damages may be awarded against the person divulging or using the information .
[otherwise] , if the information has already been disclosed or used , damages may be awarded against the person divulging or using the information .

Alternatively , electron beam machines are used .
[otherwise] , electron beam machines are used .

Alternatively , they could be considered to be protected by the design right as a configuration when all the components are mounted onto the board .
[otherwise] , they could be considered to be protected by the design right as a configuration when all the components are mounted onto the board .

Alternatively , he might prefer to hold the other party to the contract but would like some compensation for the breach and if the breach concerns a minor term this is usually the better solution .
[otherwise] , he might prefer to hold the other party to the contract but would like some compensation for the breach and if the breach concerns a minor term this is usually the better solution .

wisdom means knowing the price of something or being able to buy it , or alternatively onwis and pris , i.e .
wisdom means knowing the price of something or being able to buy it , or [otherwise] onwis and pris , i.e .

The mill , which was probably a battery of four stamps , each a heavy timber balk shod with iron and lifted alternatively by cams on a revolving axle , was the cause of a dissension in 1620 between Sir Daniel Fleming 's tenants of the low lying land upon either side of the St. Martin 's beck , between Coniston village and the lake ; and Daniel Höchstetter for the mining works .
the mill , which was probably a battery of four stamps , each a heavy timber balk shod with iron and lifted [otherwise] by cams on a revolving axle , was the cause of a dissension in 1620 between sir daniel fleming 's tenants of the low lying land upon either side of the st. martin 's beck , between coniston village and the lake ; and daniel höchstetter for the mining works .

Alternatively , you could have a book with all the names and phone numbers listed .
[otherwise] , you could have a book with all the names and phone numbers listed .

Alternatively , you may be confronted with several pedagogical grammars in the same language .
[otherwise] , you may be confronted with several pedagogical grammars in the same language .

Alternatively , will it be used primarily by an individual , teaching himself/herself the language as he/she works with a language assistant ?
[otherwise] , will it be used primarily by an individual , teaching himself/herself the language as he/she works with a language assistant ?

Alternatively we accept a direction but take no action in that direction until we are sufficiently tempted to do so .
[otherwise] we accept a direction but take no action in that direction until we are sufficiently tempted to do so .

Alternatively he may not wish to pursue the subject in great depth but , instead , may wish to use materials in new and imaginative ways , and therefore needs to understand their properties .
[otherwise] he may not wish to pursue the subject in great depth but , instead , may wish to use materials in new and imaginative ways , and therefore needs to understand their properties .

The traction — is referred to a set of coordinates which in classical elasticity are in the undeformed material , but in large-strain elasticity may alternatively be in the deformed material Consider at first the classical theory ; if the traction — acts on a surface with normal n then we write for the components of the traction , and the scalar product — .
the traction — is referred to a set of coordinates which in classical elasticity are in the undeformed material , but in large-strain elasticity may [otherwise] be in the deformed material consider at first the classical theory ; if the traction — acts on a surface with normal n then we write for the components of the traction , and the scalar product — .

Alternatively , the increased lysosomal fragility may be mediated by acetaldehyde .
[otherwise] , the increased lysosomal fragility may be mediated by acetaldehyde .

Alternatively , sulphate may have been absorbed more completely in the small intestine of these subjects with insufficient amounts being available for colonic sulphate reduction .
[otherwise] , sulphate may have been absorbed more completely in the small intestine of these subjects with insufficient amounts being available for colonic sulphate reduction .

Secondly , assay of acid base transport systems in one cell type in an intact heterogeneous epithelium can sometimes be achieved by selective loading of pH sensitive dye into that cell type , or alternatively by use of single cell fluorescence microscopy .
secondly , assay of acid base transport systems in one cell type in an intact heterogeneous epithelium can sometimes be achieved by selective loading of ph sensitive dye into that cell type , or [otherwise] by use of single cell fluorescence microscopy .

Induction of remission is associated with inhibition or a decrease in the formation of the inflammatory mediators or , alternatively , may be achieved by blocking their specific receptors .
induction of remission is associated with inhibition or a decrease in the formation of the inflammatory mediators or , [otherwise] , may be achieved by blocking their specific receptors .

The recent interest in the role of cytokines , such as interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 in the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease has prompted a search for drugs that may inhibit their formation or , alternatively , block their receptors .
the recent interest in the role of cytokines , such as interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 in the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease has prompted a search for drugs that may inhibit their formation or , [otherwise] , block their receptors .

Alternatively , it is possible that the abnormal recordings are the result of poor summation of the electrical signal in the abnormal muscle syncytium and poor projection onto the body surface .
[otherwise] , it is possible that the abnormal recordings are the result of poor summation of the electrical signal in the abnormal muscle syncytium and poor projection onto the body surface .

Alternatively the Board can provide an invigilator , at the request of the tutor , in which case the date of the examination will need to be confirmed by the Foundation Test Secretary .
[otherwise] the board can provide an invigilator , at the request of the tutor , in which case the date of the examination will need to be confirmed by the foundation test secretary .

Alternatively , gastrin might affect enzymes participating in platelet activating factor generation by acid or pepsin .
[otherwise] , gastrin might affect enzymes participating in platelet activating factor generation by acid or pepsin .

Alternatively fistulas have presented later after operation ( n= 14 ) due to unrecognised Crohn 's disease ( n=4 ) , chronic obstruction at the ileoanal anastomosis ( n=3 ) , from a stitch sinus ( n=1 ) , or from possible reactivation of latent cryptoglandular infections ( n=6 ) .
[otherwise] fistulas have presented later after operation ( n= 14 ) due to unrecognised crohn 's disease ( n=4 ) , chronic obstruction at the ileoanal anastomosis ( n=3 ) , from a stitch sinus ( n=1 ) , or from possible reactivation of latent cryptoglandular infections ( n=6 ) .

Alternatively , many animal models have been used to overcome the lack of availability of normal human tissue .
[otherwise] , many animal models have been used to overcome the lack of availability of normal human tissue .

Alternatively , it may be particularly insoluble and not effectively extracted from the cells .
[otherwise] , it may be particularly insoluble and not effectively extracted from the cells .

Alternatively , the presence of platelet activating factor reflects not only inflammatory cell infiltration , but may also represents a stage of inflammatory amplification in which inflammatory cells are about to be recruited .
[otherwise] , the presence of platelet activating factor reflects not only inflammatory cell infiltration , but may also represents a stage of inflammatory amplification in which inflammatory cells are about to be recruited .

Alternatively , it may represent a subgroup of people with a genetically different cholesterol metabolism , which under particular dietary or environmental circumstances — for example a high fat , low fibre diet — would indirectly promote colon carcinogenesis .
[otherwise] , it may represent a subgroup of people with a genetically different cholesterol metabolism , which under particular dietary or environmental circumstances — for example a high fat , low fibre diet — would indirectly promote colon carcinogenesis .

It measures the number of years taken for a shareholder to recover his initial investment ( assuming that all earnings are distributed ) ; alternatively , it measures the price an investor has to pay to buy 1 worth of income in the company .
it measures the number of years taken for a shareholder to recover his initial investment ( assuming that all earnings are distributed ) ; [otherwise] , it measures the price an investor has to pay to buy 1 worth of income in the company .

Alternatively , for a given expected future spot exchange rate it is a theory explaining the current spot rate ; or for a given current spot rate it is a theory explaining the expected future spot rate .
[otherwise] , for a given expected future spot exchange rate it is a theory explaining the current spot rate ; or for a given current spot rate it is a theory explaining the expected future spot rate .

Alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .
[otherwise] the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .

Alternatively you can fly to Brussels or Antwerp and take the train to Bruges .
[otherwise] you can fly to brussels or antwerp and take the train to bruges .

Alternatively there are several chemical additives on the market which aim to provide a substitute for lead , although the case for these products has yet to be proved .
[otherwise] there are several chemical additives on the market which aim to provide a substitute for lead , although the case for these products has yet to be proved .

Alternatively , a courier will smuggle often millions of pounds at a time to a country where banking secrecy offers greater protection .
[otherwise] , a courier will smuggle often millions of pounds at a time to a country where banking secrecy offers greater protection .

Alternatively , it records the rotation of a 2 + √3:1 rectangle at 30° intervals .
[otherwise] , it records the rotation of a 2 + √3:1 rectangle at 30° intervals .

Alternatively , truncating the vertexes will produce the Archimedean solids .
[otherwise] , truncating the vertexes will produce the archimedean solids .

Alternatively it can be balanced by the large expanse of blank , negative mount , which will assert its texture .
[otherwise] it can be balanced by the large expanse of blank , negative mount , which will assert its texture .

Alternatively , imbalance of forces can be absorbed into the body , as strain or deformation , until the elastic and plastic limits are reached and the body disintegrates .
[otherwise] , imbalance of forces can be absorbed into the body , as strain or deformation , until the elastic and plastic limits are reached and the body disintegrates .

Or , alternatively , they are not pressured into social activity if they prefer to handle the day by staying on their own quietly , maybe visiting the grave .
or , [otherwise] , they are not pressured into social activity if they prefer to handle the day by staying on their own quietly , maybe visiting the grave .

Alternatively , are you a ‘ nibbler ' , consuming food ten times a day or more ?
[otherwise] , are you a ‘ nibbler ' , consuming food ten times a day or more ?

Alternatively , you might break the goal down into smaller mini-goals , and spread these over a few weeks .
[otherwise] , you might break the goal down into smaller mini-goals , and spread these over a few weeks .

Alternatively , Labour 's rules allow for the shadow Cabinet to choose an interim leader who would take over until the annual conference chose an official replacement .
[otherwise] , labour 's rules allow for the shadow cabinet to choose an interim leader who would take over until the annual conference chose an official replacement .

Alternatively we may think of the more modern figure of a man whose wealth lies in his investments in stocks and shares .
[otherwise] we may think of the more modern figure of a man whose wealth lies in his investments in stocks and shares .

Alternatively , if the company has an unfettered right to spray as many sparks as it likes , there will be plenty of damage to fields .
[otherwise] , if the company has an unfettered right to spray as many sparks as it likes , there will be plenty of damage to fields .

Alternatively , whisk together in a bowl .
[otherwise] , whisk together in a bowl .

Alternatively , chop the nuts very finely , add the garlic and use a pestle and mortar to grind them down .
[otherwise] , chop the nuts very finely , add the garlic and use a pestle and mortar to grind them down .

Alternatively , chop the ginger and coriander together in a food processor — this will produce a vibrant , bright green filling .
[otherwise] , chop the ginger and coriander together in a food processor — this will produce a vibrant , bright green filling .

Alternatively , if a firm made its issue thinking share prices were indeed going to rocket ( for that is what the low yields implied ) , then it could be worth its while to take the cash and invest it back into equities or other financial instruments .
[otherwise] , if a firm made its issue thinking share prices were indeed going to rocket ( for that is what the low yields implied ) , then it could be worth its while to take the cash and invest it back into equities or other financial instruments .

Alternatively America could move towards a more British system of receivership , which puts creditors before shareholders , and is more likely to end in the firm simply ceasing to trade .
[otherwise] america could move towards a more british system of receivership , which puts creditors before shareholders , and is more likely to end in the firm simply ceasing to trade .

Alternatively , it may be able to muster enough support from SeaCo shareholders to halt the current disposal of assets by Mr Sherwood for its bid with Stena to be fully considered .
[otherwise] , it may be able to muster enough support from seaco shareholders to halt the current disposal of assets by mr sherwood for its bid with stena to be fully considered .

Alternatively , zeros can be included in a Pep .
[otherwise] , zeros can be included in a pep .

Alternatively , for the self-employed , encashments can be timed to coincide with periods where lower income is anticipated .
[otherwise] , for the self-employed , encashments can be timed to coincide with periods where lower income is anticipated .

They maintain an optimum body temperature by alternatively moving from a hot spot to a cooler one and back again throughout the day .
they maintain an optimum body temperature by [otherwise] moving from a hot spot to a cooler one and back again throughout the day .

Alternatively , you may of course go to your County Court or other suitable court .
[otherwise] , you may of course go to your county court or other suitable court .

After that if you want to be organised , you can be — or alternatively you can go your own way .
after that if you want to be organised , you can be — or [otherwise] you can go your own way .

Alternatively you can make your own way between resorts — our representative will advise you .
[otherwise] you can make your own way between resorts — our representative will advise you .

Alternatively , join us for an optional excursion to Vienna Woods , including a trip to the hunting lodge at Mayerling .
[otherwise] , join us for an optional excursion to vienna woods , including a trip to the hunting lodge at mayerling .

Alternatively , how about a leisurely lunch next to the lake while watching the fishermen mending their nets .
[otherwise] , how about a leisurely lunch next to the lake while watching the fishermen mending their nets .

Alternatively , try wild-water rafting or surfing ; and for stunning views , hot air ballooning .
[otherwise] , try wild-water rafting or surfing ; and for stunning views , hot air ballooning .

Alternatively , enjoy the real traditional side of the village entertainment and listen to the brass band .
[otherwise] , enjoy the real traditional side of the village entertainment and listen to the brass band .

Alternatively , there are plenty of cafés and restaurants nearby , and the poolside bar serves snacks throughout the day .
[otherwise] , there are plenty of cafés and restaurants nearby , and the poolside bar serves snacks throughout the day .

Alternatively , try ‘ Memphis ’ , ‘ The 60 's Bar ’ , ‘ Nobbies ’ , and Tramp 's disco bars and ‘ Memories Pub ’ , for a touch of English bitter , or for a real British-run music bar try ‘ Tiffs Music Hall ’ or ‘ Tiffs 2 ’ , voted the best disco in Rhodes .
[otherwise] , try ‘ memphis ’ , ‘ the 60 's bar ’ , ‘ nobbies ’ , and tramp 's disco bars and ‘ memories pub ’ , for a touch of english bitter , or for a real british-run music bar try ‘ tiffs music hall ’ or ‘ tiffs 2 ’ , voted the best disco in rhodes .

Others may feel that the cage has become , or is becoming , somewhat more explicit as a result of central government activity — leading to an emphasis upon the direct controls which would have appeared as unthinkable only a decade ago . This begins to face education managers with a fundamental dilemma — are they inside the cage with the teaching profession or are they to be on the outside exercising a more explicit control function than ever before ? Alternatively , is it possible to find another way altogether , a way which does not simply resolve the dilemma , but one which transforms the problem into a solution ?
others may feel that the cage has become , or is becoming , somewhat more explicit as a result of central government activity — leading to an emphasis upon the direct controls which would have appeared as unthinkable only a decade ago . this begins to face education managers with a fundamental dilemma — are they inside the cage with the teaching profession or are they to be on the outside exercising a more explicit control function than ever before ? [otherwise] , is it possible to find another way altogether , a way which does not simply resolve the dilemma , but one which transforms the problem into a solution ?

Some propositions can be subjected to experimental test and the results used in the creation of an extended thesis or alternatively an antithesis .
some propositions can be subjected to experimental test and the results used in the creation of an extended thesis or [otherwise] an antithesis .

Alternatively , you could approach one of the trade organisations , which will give you a list of your members in your area .
[otherwise] , you could approach one of the trade organisations , which will give you a list of your members in your area .

Alternatively , you might have found yourself without the ready money you needed to snap up a bargain — like that washing machine you saw in the sales .
[otherwise] , you might have found yourself without the ready money you needed to snap up a bargain — like that washing machine you saw in the sales .

Alternatively , you can use your vouchers for huge savings at exclusive European hotels .
[otherwise] , you can use your vouchers for huge savings at exclusive european hotels .

Exercise is allowed in the event of an amalgamation , reconstruction or take-over of the Company ; alternatively , options may , with the agreement of the acquiring company , be exchanged for options over shares in the acquiring company or a company associated with the acquiring company .
exercise is allowed in the event of an amalgamation , reconstruction or take-over of the company ; [otherwise] , options may , with the agreement of the acquiring company , be exchanged for options over shares in the acquiring company or a company associated with the acquiring company .

Alternatively the policy may be terminated and any surrender value taken .
[otherwise] the policy may be terminated and any surrender value taken .

Alternatively , you can concentrate on group maintenance , spend most of your time monitoring how members are reacting and responding to both feelings and unspoken messages .
[otherwise] , you can concentrate on group maintenance , spend most of your time monitoring how members are reacting and responding to both feelings and unspoken messages .

Alternatively , the policy may be terminated and any surrender value taken .
[otherwise] , the policy may be terminated and any surrender value taken .

For example , after a series of late nights and lie-ins ( holidays for example ) , it might be time to get back to our normal hours of work ; alternatively , on retirement , a lifetime of early morning rising can be altered .
for example , after a series of late nights and lie-ins ( holidays for example ) , it might be time to get back to our normal hours of work ; [otherwise] , on retirement , a lifetime of early morning rising can be altered .

‘ Alternatively , a woman may have low self-esteem , feeling she can only impress others or make them like her by buying status symbols or the latest fashions .
‘ [otherwise] , a woman may have low self-esteem , feeling she can only impress others or make them like her by buying status symbols or the latest fashions .

Alternatively , where access is available , steel strengthening plates can be added to a beam 's top and bottom surfaces to form flanges .
[otherwise] , where access is available , steel strengthening plates can be added to a beam 's top and bottom surfaces to form flanges .

Alternatively , you could fill the basket with his favourite foods or toiletries .
[otherwise] , you could fill the basket with his favourite foods or toiletries .

Alternatively , quarter melon and run a sharp knife along the curve .
[otherwise] , quarter melon and run a sharp knife along the curve .

Alternatively , if you are an objector , any amendments may still leave you feeling dissatisfied .
[otherwise] , if you are an objector , any amendments may still leave you feeling dissatisfied .

Alternatively , vouchers are supplied and payment may be made by cash or cheque at banks and showrooms .
[otherwise] , vouchers are supplied and payment may be made by cash or cheque at banks and showrooms .

National or political fervour can alternatively be the motor force of remarkable artistic achievements .
national or political fervour can [otherwise] be the motor force of remarkable artistic achievements .

Alternatively , grow outside in full sun .
[otherwise] , grow outside in full sun .

Alternatively , store them in perforated polythene bags .
[otherwise] , store them in perforated polythene bags .

Alternatively , they need tying down securely at both ends .
[otherwise] , they need tying down securely at both ends .

Alternatively , they may continue to worry about their initial error of judgement instead of making a revised plan of action to get into a good position for the base leg and approach .
[otherwise] , they may continue to worry about their initial error of judgement instead of making a revised plan of action to get into a good position for the base leg and approach .

Alternatively , hold a heavy medicine ball in both hands , bend your elbows and thrust it from you .
[otherwise] , hold a heavy medicine ball in both hands , bend your elbows and thrust it from you .

Alternatively , wait until the opponent 's technique has missed and is being withdrawn .
[otherwise] , wait until the opponent 's technique has missed and is being withdrawn .

Alternatively , knock his kick to one side and counter-punch
[otherwise] , knock his kick to one side and counter-punch

Alternatively , you can rock back into a cat stance knocking the opponent 's punch down with a slapping block performed with the rear hand .
[otherwise] , you can rock back into a cat stance knocking the opponent 's punch down with a slapping block performed with the rear hand .

Alternatively , you could hook the front foot and draw it out .
[otherwise] , you could hook the front foot and draw it out .

Alternatively , you can close the opponent 's guard hand across his body with a slapping block that travels diagonally forwards , and then reverse punch to the opponents face .
[otherwise] , you can close the opponent 's guard hand across his body with a slapping block that travels diagonally forwards , and then reverse punch to the opponents face .

Alternatively , from another perspective , the clergy had acted to preserve the old divisions .
[otherwise] , from another perspective , the clergy had acted to preserve the old divisions .

For example , it can be argued the expansion into amalgamated police units has enlarged the organization to a point where it is no longer accessible to the man in the street ; alternatively , it may be that the use of a centralized computer and complex technical aids has alienated the public even at the same time they are increasingly fed a diet of violent news snippets which reinforce a fear of crime and generate another ‘ folk devil ’ of criminal menace , which demands the impossible : a policeman on every corner .
for example , it can be argued the expansion into amalgamated police units has enlarged the organization to a point where it is no longer accessible to the man in the street ; [otherwise] , it may be that the use of a centralized computer and complex technical aids has alienated the public even at the same time they are increasingly fed a diet of violent news snippets which reinforce a fear of crime and generate another ‘ folk devil ’ of criminal menace , which demands the impossible : a policeman on every corner .

Alternatively he can use his understanding of the way the metaphors and structures of significance are used to sustain the institution , and thus reveal the system to be the product of a specific mode of thought , which is only one possibility among many .
[otherwise] he can use his understanding of the way the metaphors and structures of significance are used to sustain the institution , and thus reveal the system to be the product of a specific mode of thought , which is only one possibility among many .

Alternatively , an economical and effective way of securing your car is to fit a strong chain and padlock around the steering wheel and attach it to the seat , clutch or brake pedal .
[otherwise] , an economical and effective way of securing your car is to fit a strong chain and padlock around the steering wheel and attach it to the seat , clutch or brake pedal .

Or , alternatively simply list the number of your flat or apartment .
or , [otherwise] simply list the number of your flat or apartment .

Alternatively , two divers can work from it while the standby diver remains on the surface .
[otherwise] , two divers can work from it while the standby diver remains on the surface .

Alternatively , you can have a sample of blood taken and sent away to a laboratory for a much fuller analysis .
[otherwise] , you can have a sample of blood taken and sent away to a laboratory for a much fuller analysis .

Alternatively , make the sauce in advance and marinate the ribs for a couple of hours , turning often .
[otherwise] , make the sauce in advance and marinate the ribs for a couple of hours , turning often .

Thus , if changes appear at an early stage it may be necessary to carry out more frequent testing ; alternatively , the reverse situation may apply .
thus , if changes appear at an early stage it may be necessary to carry out more frequent testing ; [otherwise] , the reverse situation may apply .

Alternatively they can be lifted and clamped up to mid-December , and fed to cattle and sheep until the end of February .
[otherwise] they can be lifted and clamped up to mid-december , and fed to cattle and sheep until the end of february .

Publishing excerpts from material such as planning applications for the purpose of public information , comment or criticism is not an infringement of copyright ; alternatively , you could find someone who can make a reasonable but accurate sketch of the proposals .
publishing excerpts from material such as planning applications for the purpose of public information , comment or criticism is not an infringement of copyright ; [otherwise] , you could find someone who can make a reasonable but accurate sketch of the proposals .

Alternatively , where the chapel is too large , the congregation may move into the church hall , freeing the chapel for a different use .
[otherwise] , where the chapel is too large , the congregation may move into the church hall , freeing the chapel for a different use .

She would have been locked up in a mental hospital , or alternatively taken off for parapsychological testing and Rachel would have been unforgiving .
she would have been locked up in a mental hospital , or [otherwise] taken off for parapsychological testing and rachel would have been unforgiving .

So , too , were proposals to end the state-funding of higher education and charge full-cost fees , or alternatively abolish the system of grants for university students ( a particularly unpopular idea amongst middle-class Tory voters ) .
so , too , were proposals to end the state-funding of higher education and charge full-cost fees , or [otherwise] abolish the system of grants for university students ( a particularly unpopular idea amongst middle-class tory voters ) .

Firstly they could be painted in camouflage to lessen the visual impact or alternatively , they could be dispersed among trees and in copses , so as to be out of sight from the very well used coast paths .
firstly they could be painted in camouflage to lessen the visual impact or [otherwise] , they could be dispersed among trees and in copses , so as to be out of sight from the very well used coast paths .

Alternatively you will also find a section on independent hostels , bunkhouses and camping barns in The Rambler 's Yearbook 1991 , available from bookshops priced £3.50 .
[otherwise] you will also find a section on independent hostels , bunkhouses and camping barns in the rambler 's yearbook 1991 , available from bookshops priced £3.50 .

Alternatively , if you 're keen to sail the club will try to make arrangements for you to go out with a club member .
[otherwise] , if you 're keen to sail the club will try to make arrangements for you to go out with a club member .

She observes that the frequent indictments of theatre for encouraging sodomy are symptomatic of the anti-theatricalists ’ fear that gender difference is ever under threat of breakdown and , more generally , their fear that ‘ under the costume there is really nothing there or , alternatively , that what is there is something foreign , something terrifying and essentially other ’ ( ‘ Men in Women 's Clothing ’ , 135 ; see also Chapter 17 below ) .
she observes that the frequent indictments of theatre for encouraging sodomy are symptomatic of the anti-theatricalists ’ fear that gender difference is ever under threat of breakdown and , more generally , their fear that ‘ under the costume there is really nothing there or , [otherwise] , that what is there is something foreign , something terrifying and essentially other ’ ( ‘ men in women 's clothing ’ , 135 ; see also chapter 17 below ) .

Or , alternatively , homosexuality might be called upon to loosen the rigid gender identities within heterosexuality : men are permitted a ‘ feminine ’ component and ( though less oft en ) women a ‘ masculine ’ one .
or , [otherwise] , homosexuality might be called upon to loosen the rigid gender identities within heterosexuality : men are permitted a ‘ feminine ’ component and ( though less oft en ) women a ‘ masculine ’ one .

Alternatively , we might feel that people who took care to give different media sources exactly the same rating on an eleven-point scale were indicating quite strongly that they found them equally useful .
[otherwise] , we might feel that people who took care to give different media sources exactly the same rating on an eleven-point scale were indicating quite strongly that they found them equally useful .

Alternatively , the public service rules for television impartiality could be changed to require balance throughout the mass media as a whole .
[otherwise] , the public service rules for television impartiality could be changed to require balance throughout the mass media as a whole .

( Alternatively , how could Mr Gorbachev come ? )
( [otherwise] , how could mr gorbachev come ? )

This meeting of psychoanalysis with literary history is suggestive for literary criticism too because it enables an account of the differences between various articulations of the formation of subjectivity without relinquishing a notion of change in literary form , nor , alternatively , relying on the haphazard attachment of the development of a single subject to a historical account of a literary genre .
this meeting of psychoanalysis with literary history is suggestive for literary criticism too because it enables an account of the differences between various articulations of the formation of subjectivity without relinquishing a notion of change in literary form , nor , [otherwise] , relying on the haphazard attachment of the development of a single subject to a historical account of a literary genre .

Alternatively , understood as ‘ gods-and-men ’ the phrase could simply be a figure of speech .
[otherwise] , understood as ‘ gods-and-men ’ the phrase could simply be a figure of speech .

Alternatively , homoeopathic treatment for the same ‘ inability to cope ’ condition has been equally successful .
[otherwise] , homoeopathic treatment for the same ‘ inability to cope ’ condition has been equally successful .

Alternatively , sow or plant the sort of winter salad plants which will continue growing happily beneath a canopy of brassica leaves .
[otherwise] , sow or plant the sort of winter salad plants which will continue growing happily beneath a canopy of brassica leaves .

Alternatively , you could step up the exotic look and imitate the Maquis .
[otherwise] , you could step up the exotic look and imitate the maquis .

Alternatively , you could select spiky , upright plants like agaves or yuccas to transport you across the world , figuratively speaking , to the great deserts of North America .
[otherwise] , you could select spiky , upright plants like agaves or yuccas to transport you across the world , figuratively speaking , to the great deserts of north america .

Alternatively there are many herbaceous plants you can use to underplant or edge beds without competing with the roses .
[otherwise] there are many herbaceous plants you can use to underplant or edge beds without competing with the roses .

Alternatively , there are several firms that make such ornaments from reconstituted stone .
[otherwise] , there are several firms that make such ornaments from reconstituted stone .

Alternatively , it is possible that the decline occurred because of the economic conditions of the inter-war years .
[otherwise] , it is possible that the decline occurred because of the economic conditions of the inter-war years .

Given the extent to which the British public supported Republican Spain , why was it that the National government kept to its policy of non-intervention ? Was it because of its natural sympathy for the right and its hostility of the left ? Was it because its parliamentary majority prevented any real possibility of its position being threatened ? Was it because of the commitment of both Stanley Baldwin and Neville Chamberlain to the process of appeasement ? Alternatively , was it due to the fact that the Labour did not mount an effective campaign against its position ?
given the extent to which the british public supported republican spain , why was it that the national government kept to its policy of non-intervention ? was it because of its natural sympathy for the right and its hostility of the left ? was it because its parliamentary majority prevented any real possibility of its position being threatened ? was it because of the commitment of both stanley baldwin and neville chamberlain to the process of appeasement ? [otherwise] , was it due to the fact that the labour did not mount an effective campaign against its position ?

Alternatively , you can stand the trays in shallow water until the compost surface appears moist .
[otherwise] , you can stand the trays in shallow water until the compost surface appears moist .

Alternatively , enclose in clean , clear polythene bags or cover with cling film to prevent moisture loss and stand them in a warm place .
[otherwise] , enclose in clean , clear polythene bags or cover with cling film to prevent moisture loss and stand them in a warm place .

It could have been made by the indigenous people immediately after the conquest , or alternatively features such as the teeth could have been cut much later on the head .
it could have been made by the indigenous people immediately after the conquest , or [otherwise] features such as the teeth could have been cut much later on the head .

Alternatively a patina can be induced on the surface of the metal , either by treatment with suitable chemical concoctions or by rapid weathering in an extreme environment .
[otherwise] a patina can be induced on the surface of the metal , either by treatment with suitable chemical concoctions or by rapid weathering in an extreme environment .

Alternatively the chemical may react with the dirt so that it becomes water soluble and it can be rinsed away .
[otherwise] the chemical may react with the dirt so that it becomes water soluble and it can be rinsed away .

Alternatively disposable materials may be used
[otherwise] disposable materials may be used

Alternatively a utility or churn brush may be used which keeps the hand well clear of the blade .
[otherwise] a utility or churn brush may be used which keeps the hand well clear of the blade .

Alternatively a floor can be chemically treated at the beginning of a cleaning session and not cleaned until the end , provided cleaners are suitably equipped with Wellingtons and are aware of the increased slip hazard .
[otherwise] a floor can be chemically treated at the beginning of a cleaning session and not cleaned until the end , provided cleaners are suitably equipped with wellingtons and are aware of the increased slip hazard .

Alternatively the method may be changed to soaking if practicable .
[otherwise] the method may be changed to soaking if practicable .

Alternatively a selection of specific solvents could be tried .
[otherwise] a selection of specific solvents could be tried .

Alternatively all cultivation can be banned from specific areas such as river banks ( as in Kenya ) , watersheds or very steep slopes .
[otherwise] all cultivation can be banned from specific areas such as river banks ( as in kenya ) , watersheds or very steep slopes .

Perhaps the conversation , ‘ pleasant and unexpected ’ or alternatively ‘ extraordinary ’ had taken place elsewhere or on another occasion .
perhaps the conversation , ‘ pleasant and unexpected ’ or [otherwise] ‘ extraordinary ’ had taken place elsewhere or on another occasion .

Alternatively you might like to wait to see the proposal first as she is a most serious person who struck me as a likely author .
[otherwise] you might like to wait to see the proposal first as she is a most serious person who struck me as a likely author .

Alternatively , they can be offered the chance to contribute to society economically , socially and culturally .
[otherwise] , they can be offered the chance to contribute to society economically , socially and culturally .

Alternatively , the surface can be rubbed with grade 00 or 000 steel wool and wax polish to produce a smooth satin or matt finish .
[otherwise] , the surface can be rubbed with grade 00 or 000 steel wool and wax polish to produce a smooth satin or matt finish .

Alternatively , you can use a mix of one part cement to five parts ballast .
[otherwise] , you can use a mix of one part cement to five parts ballast .

Alternatively , ascend Middlefell Buttress and continue directly up the hillside above to intercept the level path that originates from the New Dungeon Ghyll Hotel ( 1 hour ) .
[otherwise] , ascend middlefell buttress and continue directly up the hillside above to intercept the level path that originates from the new dungeon ghyll hotel ( 1 hour ) .

Alternatively , the choreographer may be inspired by a piece of music and wish to bring it to life in dance ( see page 41 ) .
[otherwise] , the choreographer may be inspired by a piece of music and wish to bring it to life in dance ( see page 41 ) .

Alternatively , dance can be in an entirely modern idiom as in Martha Graham 's Diversions of Angels ( with music by Dello Joio , 1948 ) one of her most lyrical works .
[otherwise] , dance can be in an entirely modern idiom as in martha graham 's diversions of angels ( with music by dello joio , 1948 ) one of her most lyrical works .

Alternatively , it may appear too acrobatic or athletic because the choreographer has been so concerned with the turning of the pages of a picture book that there is no explanation why one picture follows another and leads to another and yet another until the curtain falls .
[otherwise] , it may appear too acrobatic or athletic because the choreographer has been so concerned with the turning of the pages of a picture book that there is no explanation why one picture follows another and leads to another and yet another until the curtain falls .

Alternatively , slides can be shown .
[otherwise] , slides can be shown .

Alternatively , and in the long term , plan building in cities to cut down on travel overall .
[otherwise] , and in the long term , plan building in cities to cut down on travel overall .

This might have led to the charges being dropped , or alternatively might have considerably strengthened the case for the prosecution .
this might have led to the charges being dropped , or [otherwise] might have considerably strengthened the case for the prosecution .

Alternatively , the police might have got too close .
[otherwise] , the police might have got too close .

Alternatively , have your rims sand blasted and paint the insides with a rust resistant paint .
[otherwise] , have your rims sand blasted and paint the insides with a rust resistant paint .

Cattle-ranching requires only a small number of cowboys and large tracts of land , which could alternatively be intensively cultivated , with the result that there is underemployment of labour and a low physical and economic return per unit of surface area .
cattle-ranching requires only a small number of cowboys and large tracts of land , which could [otherwise] be intensively cultivated , with the result that there is underemployment of labour and a low physical and economic return per unit of surface area .

Alternatively , it will take a lot of resources to buy their consent to his point of view .
[otherwise] , it will take a lot of resources to buy their consent to his point of view .

Alternatively you can buy all lessons as a complete package .
[otherwise] you can buy all lessons as a complete package .

Alternatively , he might spread the front of the shirt across his body to stop it from slipping down his arm .
[otherwise] , he might spread the front of the shirt across his body to stop it from slipping down his arm .

Alternatively , the patient might be taught how to turn over onto his side and then onto his back , and shuffle towards the chair on his bottom .
[otherwise] , the patient might be taught how to turn over onto his side and then onto his back , and shuffle towards the chair on his bottom .

Alternatively , the rule-makers can set their faces against the pressures for change .
[otherwise] , the rule-makers can set their faces against the pressures for change .

Alternatively , the practice has grown up that if the law is not clear , then , given that the possibility of being prosecuted for a crime or sued for damages may exist , albeit as a remote possibility in England , it is better always for the doctor to err on the side of caution and follow the most conservative or restrictive view of the law .
[otherwise] , the practice has grown up that if the law is not clear , then , given that the possibility of being prosecuted for a crime or sued for damages may exist , albeit as a remote possibility in england , it is better always for the doctor to err on the side of caution and follow the most conservative or restrictive view of the law .

Because we are dealing with what purport to be exceptions to a general principle , it is sometimes argued that there is no single legal principle of justification , merely a number of disparate responses to the specific factual and legal details of a particular case.13 Alternatively , a general principle of justification is advanced and given the name of ‘ necessity ’ or ‘ privilege ’ or some kind of ‘ comprehensive justification in relation to medical procedures ’ .
because we are dealing with what purport to be exceptions to a general principle , it is sometimes argued that there is no single legal principle of justification , merely a number of disparate responses to the specific factual and legal details of a particular case.13 [otherwise] , a general principle of justification is advanced and given the name of ‘ necessity ’ or ‘ privilege ’ or some kind of ‘ comprehensive justification in relation to medical procedures ’ .

Alternatively , the doctor may seek the concurrence of a relative who is neither a parent nor a guardian .
[otherwise] , the doctor may seek the concurrence of a relative who is neither a parent nor a guardian .

Alternatively either colleagues or neighbour could perhaps ring a relative or friend who might move into your home and take care of things while you are in hospital .
[otherwise] either colleagues or neighbour could perhaps ring a relative or friend who might move into your home and take care of things while you are in hospital .

Alternatively , the wife may be able to produce healthy eggs but for various medical reasons not be in a position to maintain a pregnancy .
[otherwise] , the wife may be able to produce healthy eggs but for various medical reasons not be in a position to maintain a pregnancy .

Minuscule droplets of the chemicals used can either drift during application , or evaporate after application and then drift onto neighbouring plants ; alternatively granules and dust can be blown by strong gusts of wind onto other areas and into waterways .
minuscule droplets of the chemicals used can either drift during application , or evaporate after application and then drift onto neighbouring plants ; [otherwise] granules and dust can be blown by strong gusts of wind onto other areas and into waterways .

Alternatively the pie can be made well in advance and then warmed through in a moderate oven for 20 minutes , or microwaved on high for 5 minutes .
[otherwise] the pie can be made well in advance and then warmed through in a moderate oven for 20 minutes , or microwaved on high for 5 minutes .

Alternatively , they may prefer the limited protection provided by keeping each other ( and their own needs ) at arm 's length by replaying the old scenarios .
[otherwise] , they may prefer the limited protection provided by keeping each other ( and their own needs ) at arm 's length by replaying the old scenarios .

Alternatively they may close us in on ourselves .
[otherwise] they may close us in on ourselves .

Alternatively , an external event like the death of a loved one can precipitate change .
[otherwise] , an external event like the death of a loved one can precipitate change .

Alternatively , use Air Miles to get generous discounts on holidays with leading tour operators .
[otherwise] , use air miles to get generous discounts on holidays with leading tour operators .

Alternatively in some child car seats , both the seat and the child are held in position by a 3 point adult lap and diagonal seat belt .
[otherwise] in some child car seats , both the seat and the child are held in position by a 3 point adult lap and diagonal seat belt .

Alternatively the story of how the Robartes family came to have the money to build Lanhydrock House in the Fowey valley could be considered a tale of blatant exploitation , outrageous usury and greed .
[otherwise] the story of how the robartes family came to have the money to build lanhydrock house in the fowey valley could be considered a tale of blatant exploitation , outrageous usury and greed .

Alternatively , if there are differences between Ministers , these can often be resolved by a meeting of two or three Ministers , if need be under the chairmanship of a Minister-without-Portfolio .
[otherwise] , if there are differences between ministers , these can often be resolved by a meeting of two or three ministers , if need be under the chairmanship of a minister-without-portfolio .

Alternatively , some subjects may be best served by the building up of circulating subject collections , for which special allocation would generally be made .
[otherwise] , some subjects may be best served by the building up of circulating subject collections , for which special allocation would generally be made .

Alternatively , departments have an allocation , while the library retains a generous contingency fund .
[otherwise] , departments have an allocation , while the library retains a generous contingency fund .

Alternatively the council may write to the prisoner to say that his/her tenancy can not be held any longer with the result that the prisoner may have no home to go to when released .
[otherwise] the council may write to the prisoner to say that his/her tenancy can not be held any longer with the result that the prisoner may have no home to go to when released .

Should these general measures fail after a minimum three-month period the drug of first choice is probably a cardioselective β-blocking agent such as atenolol or metoprolol or alternatively a calcium antagonist such as nifedepine .
should these general measures fail after a minimum three-month period the drug of first choice is probably a cardioselective β-blocking agent such as atenolol or metoprolol or [otherwise] a calcium antagonist such as nifedepine .

Alternatively , if the storeman 's view were to be considered , the answers might be :
[otherwise] , if the storeman 's view were to be considered , the answers might be :

It may be possible to gain access to past records so that a realistic assessment can be made of achievable levels ; alternatively , in the absence of any historical data , utopian levels ( eg 100 % ) could be set initially , then modified if the auditing process highlights that they are unattainable .
it may be possible to gain access to past records so that a realistic assessment can be made of achievable levels ; [otherwise] , in the absence of any historical data , utopian levels ( eg 100 % ) could be set initially , then modified if the auditing process highlights that they are unattainable .

Alternatively terms from the sum ( 10.22 ) may also be added to those of ( 10.16 ) .
[otherwise] terms from the sum ( 10.22 ) may also be added to those of ( 10.16 ) .

Alternatively , writing , the boundary conditions require that which , in terms of the functions f and g become ( 11.26 )
[otherwise] , writing , the boundary conditions require that which , in terms of the functions f and g become ( 11.26 )

Alternatively on Fig .
[otherwise] on fig .

Alternatively , of course , a Conservative Government may stay in power , with , or without , the same Prime Minister .
[otherwise] , of course , a conservative government may stay in power , with , or without , the same prime minister .

Alternatively , it had to be faced , she could already be dead .
[otherwise] , it had to be faced , she could already be dead .

Alternatively , we could use an electronically-controlled variable-speed turntable , but we have no absolute way of knowing what the correct speed is .
[otherwise] , we could use an electronically-controlled variable-speed turntable , but we have no absolute way of knowing what the correct speed is .

Alternatively , it is also considered that the period in which we are carried in our mother 's womb begins the process of determining our nature .
[otherwise] , it is also considered that the period in which we are carried in our mother 's womb begins the process of determining our nature .

Alternatively , it is treated pleasantly and gently if the magician wishes to secure a person 's cooperation .
[otherwise] , it is treated pleasantly and gently if the magician wishes to secure a person 's cooperation .

Alternatively , a retailer may have a supply of printed enquiry forms . Most information is already printed on the form , and the retailer only has to add :
[otherwise] , a retailer may have a supply of printed enquiry forms . most information is already printed on the form , and the retailer only has to add :

These were brought to the works as square baulks or round logs , or alternatively , as scantlings , all being converted and machined in the sawmill and the pieces sent to the erecting shop for assembly .
these were brought to the works as square baulks or round logs , or [otherwise] , as scantlings , all being converted and machined in the sawmill and the pieces sent to the erecting shop for assembly .

Alternatively telephone your consultant or complete and return the attached slip .
[otherwise] telephone your consultant or complete and return the attached slip .

Alternatively you can telephone our Customer Relations Department on 0742 528788 .
[otherwise] you can telephone our customer relations department on 0742 528788 .

However , in such cases it is worth remembering that the product may be available more cheaply elsewhere and may thus reduce the credit needed ! Alternatively , store credit cards may offer more expensive credit — but buying a really cheap offer in a sale may justify use of more costly loans at the time .
however , in such cases it is worth remembering that the product may be available more cheaply elsewhere and may thus reduce the credit needed ! [otherwise] , store credit cards may offer more expensive credit — but buying a really cheap offer in a sale may justify use of more costly loans at the time .

Alternatively , reliance may be placed on the common law , alleging that the odour amounts to either a private or public nuisance at law .
[otherwise] , reliance may be placed on the common law , alleging that the odour amounts to either a private or public nuisance at law .

Alternatively , the odour may arise from one works only but it 's actual point source or sources within the works is difficult to identify .
[otherwise] , the odour may arise from one works only but it 's actual point source or sources within the works is difficult to identify .

Alternatively they may say : ‘ We think the best way to do it is to follow what the local authority have said you are to do ’ .
[otherwise] they may say : ‘ we think the best way to do it is to follow what the local authority have said you are to do ’ .

Alternatively , s.22 ( 1 ) of the Alkali , etc .
[otherwise] , s.22 ( 1 ) of the alkali , etc .

Alternatively , where an existing use gives rise to a serious odour problem a local authority may wish to issue a Discontinuance Order under s.51 of the 1971 Act .
[otherwise] , where an existing use gives rise to a serious odour problem a local authority may wish to issue a discontinuance order under s.51 of the 1971 act .

Alternatively , subjects can be invited to write continuation sentences after a sentence of interest , and the incidence of plural or singular anaphoric pronouns in the continuations can be used as an index of preference .
[otherwise] , subjects can be invited to write continuation sentences after a sentence of interest , and the incidence of plural or singular anaphoric pronouns in the continuations can be used as an index of preference .

Alternatively , they may have found objective setting a dull ritual that did n't make any difference to anything .
[otherwise] , they may have found objective setting a dull ritual that did n't make any difference to anything .

Alternatively : Midweek breaks — 4 nights for the price of 3 .
[otherwise] : midweek breaks — 4 nights for the price of 3 .

Board representation for employees by way of electing between ( at the option of the company ) one-third and one-half of the supervisory directors or , alternatively , co-optation by the supervisory board subject to control by the general meeting or employees ' representatives
board representation for employees by way of electing between ( at the option of the company ) one-third and one-half of the supervisory directors or , [otherwise] , co-optation by the supervisory board subject to control by the general meeting or employees ' representatives

There are a number of circumstances in which the Commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within Article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is appropriate to grant individual exemptions . Examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the Commission and confirmed by the European Court in recent years include :
there are a number of circumstances in which the commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or [otherwise] where it is appropriate to grant individual exemptions . examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the commission and confirmed by the european court in recent years include :

Alternatively , some bicycles have an odometer on them which you could use in the same way .
[otherwise] , some bicycles have an odometer on them which you could use in the same way .

Alternatively the three organisations listed below will be able to advise you on qualified photographers in your area .
[otherwise] the three organisations listed below will be able to advise you on qualified photographers in your area .

Alternatively , you can enlist the help of your mother or best man to co-ordinate events .
[otherwise] , you can enlist the help of your mother or best man to co-ordinate events .

Alternatively ease of learning may be related to conspicuousness per se .
[otherwise] ease of learning may be related to conspicuousness per se .

Alternatively a drug might be ineffective until converted into an active form by a particular viral enzyme , thus restricting the action of the drug to only those cells that are infected with the virus .
[otherwise] a drug might be ineffective until converted into an active form by a particular viral enzyme , thus restricting the action of the drug to only those cells that are infected with the virus .

Alternatively , a handpump at the top of the well does the job .
[otherwise] , a handpump at the top of the well does the job .

Alternatively , the ventures could obtain materials on the seabed that are deposited through natural mechanisms , for instance through rivers washing away soil .
[otherwise] , the ventures could obtain materials on the seabed that are deposited through natural mechanisms , for instance through rivers washing away soil .

Alternatively , the computer could form a part of other automation systems that the firm sells .
[otherwise] , the computer could form a part of other automation systems that the firm sells .

Alternatively , the information obtained from a remote-sensing satellite could be inappropriate for a developing country if the sensors on board the vehicle are tailored only to the different requirements of industrialised nations .
[otherwise] , the information obtained from a remote-sensing satellite could be inappropriate for a developing country if the sensors on board the vehicle are tailored only to the different requirements of industrialised nations .

Alternatively , the present contraction could be simply one phase of a long , slow pulsation which might have a cycle time of hundreds or thousands of years .
[otherwise] , the present contraction could be simply one phase of a long , slow pulsation which might have a cycle time of hundreds or thousands of years .

Alternatively , the protein may be modified so that its activity is increased .
[otherwise] , the protein may be modified so that its activity is increased .

Alternatively the other detector can take a lower-resolution spectrum of objects up to a 10 000 times fainter .
[otherwise] the other detector can take a lower-resolution spectrum of objects up to a 10 000 times fainter .

Alternatively and more excitingly , perhaps around the corner there lurks a tenth explanation — the true one at last .
[otherwise] and more excitingly , perhaps around the corner there lurks a tenth explanation — the true one at last .

Alternatively it could have developed as another example of a prey-killing poison that has been secondarily used against attackers .
[otherwise] it could have developed as another example of a prey-killing poison that has been secondarily used against attackers .

Alternatively , the parent bird can flee and live to rear another clutch of eggs elsewhere .
[otherwise] , the parent bird can flee and live to rear another clutch of eggs elsewhere .

Alternatively of course , in their blindness , they have failed to perceive it .
[otherwise] of course , in their blindness , they have failed to perceive it .

Alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby providing him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .
[otherwise] the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby providing him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .

It is of the utmost importance for individuals to understand that the acceptance and comprehension of the origin of the Created God demands mental effort , or alternatively , faith in the ability of others to comprehend and instruct .
it is of the utmost importance for individuals to understand that the acceptance and comprehension of the origin of the created god demands mental effort , or [otherwise] , faith in the ability of others to comprehend and instruct .

But , taking that for granted for one moment , just what standards do we apply when making such strong pleas on behalf of a recorded performance ? Surely a ‘ top ’ recommendation should satisfy as many critical parameters as is possible simultaneously ? Are we simply too soft on recordings generally ? Do we allow rose-tinted spectacles to distort our critical judgement when comparing an old personal favourite with the latest ‘ pretender to the throne ’ ? Alternatively are we too quickly blinded by the sophistication of some new releases into dismissing older recordings on the basis of their ‘ primitive ’ technology ?
but , taking that for granted for one moment , just what standards do we apply when making such strong pleas on behalf of a recorded performance ? surely a ‘ top ’ recommendation should satisfy as many critical parameters as is possible simultaneously ? are we simply too soft on recordings generally ? do we allow rose-tinted spectacles to distort our critical judgement when comparing an old personal favourite with the latest ‘ pretender to the throne ’ ? [otherwise] are we too quickly blinded by the sophistication of some new releases into dismissing older recordings on the basis of their ‘ primitive ’ technology ?

Alternatively , there could be some underlying fault ( in the control of the immune system , for example ) that makes the body more vulnerable to Candida invasion , on the one hand , and more apt to react inappropriately to foods and chemicals , on the other .
[otherwise] , there could be some underlying fault ( in the control of the immune system , for example ) that makes the body more vulnerable to candida invasion , on the one hand , and more apt to react inappropriately to foods and chemicals , on the other .

Alternatively there is relactation — returning to breast-feeding .
[otherwise] there is relactation — returning to breast-feeding .

Alternatively , by conditioning in a physiologically isotonic saline solution , it can remain at a constant size .
[otherwise] , by conditioning in a physiologically isotonic saline solution , it can remain at a constant size .

Alternatively , if the weather suddenly becomes hotter or more humid , or both , cats may instantly cut down on their food intake .
[otherwise] , if the weather suddenly becomes hotter or more humid , or both , cats may instantly cut down on their food intake .

Alternatively , she may be allocated specific wards where she is responsible for all learners who work there .
[otherwise] , she may be allocated specific wards where she is responsible for all learners who work there .

Alternatively , the title could be ‘ Care of the patient suffering from — ’ or , ‘ having difficulty with — ’
[otherwise] , the title could be ‘ care of the patient suffering from — ’ or , ‘ having difficulty with — ’

The choice is varied and students may take advantage of tuition in many sports or alternatively may organize their own programme of activities and book the various sports facilities at times which suit their academic timetables .
the choice is varied and students may take advantage of tuition in many sports or [otherwise] may organize their own programme of activities and book the various sports facilities at times which suit their academic timetables .

Application for entry to the Certificate in Foundation Studies in Art and Design and Higher National Diplomas should be made on the University 's Direct Entry form which is available at all schools in Northern Ireland . Alternatively , a form may be obtained from :
application for entry to the certificate in foundation studies in art and design and higher national diplomas should be made on the university 's direct entry form which is available at all schools in northern ireland . [otherwise] , a form may be obtained from :

Alternatively , you can switch off by listening to music , or think about something peaceful .
[otherwise] , you can switch off by listening to music , or think about something peaceful .

Alternatively see the impressive fortifications at Helmsley and Pickering castles where you 'll find yourself a place in history .
[otherwise] see the impressive fortifications at helmsley and pickering castles where you 'll find yourself a place in history .

Alternatively , our food is excellent .
[otherwise] , our food is excellent .

Alternatively , if you do steal from shops what would stop you doing so ? Better security and greater risk ? Or , becoming convinced that such actions are wrong ?
[otherwise] , if you do steal from shops what would stop you doing so ? better security and greater risk ? or , becoming convinced that such actions are wrong ?

Alternatively , respondents may exaggerate their delinquencies out of bravado , especially likely with juveniles .
[otherwise] , respondents may exaggerate their delinquencies out of bravado , especially likely with juveniles .

Alternatively , the importer 's bank could draw a cheque on its correspondent bank in the exporter 's country .
[otherwise] , the importer 's bank could draw a cheque on its correspondent bank in the exporter 's country .

Alternatively , the exporter could seek a loan against it or negotiate it to another party in settlement of a domestic trade debt .
[otherwise] , the exporter could seek a loan against it or negotiate it to another party in settlement of a domestic trade debt .

The corporate planning department either undertakes these projects itself if it has the manpower , or alternatively its members join an investigative committee .
the corporate planning department either undertakes these projects itself if it has the manpower , or [otherwise] its members join an investigative committee .

Alternatively , planners may have a high potential demand for these services , and are therefore concerned to make them easier to use and thereby to expand their use .
[otherwise] , planners may have a high potential demand for these services , and are therefore concerned to make them easier to use and thereby to expand their use .

Alternatively , a chair could be elected from within the family ; if the person acting as chair varied , a teenager could be given a valuable chance to assume and exercise responsibility .
[otherwise] , a chair could be elected from within the family ; if the person acting as chair varied , a teenager could be given a valuable chance to assume and exercise responsibility .

Alternatively , from the mid-1970s , a new libertarian strand of thinking came to dominate the Conservative party .
[otherwise] , from the mid-1970s , a new libertarian strand of thinking came to dominate the conservative party .

Alternatively , the proposition could be researched in a non-experimental way .
[otherwise] , the proposition could be researched in a non-experimental way .

Alternatively , the parent or teacher might specify the goal , as in matching shapes and colors , solving an arithmetic problem , or batting a ball .
[otherwise] , the parent or teacher might specify the goal , as in matching shapes and colors , solving an arithmetic problem , or batting a ball .

Alternatively , poor-quality child-care centers , widespread in the United States , are often underequipped with play materials .
[otherwise] , poor-quality child-care centers , widespread in the united states , are often underequipped with play materials .

Alternatively , an adept supplier who uses information for planning , production , and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand .
[otherwise] , an adept supplier who uses information for planning , production , and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand .

Alternatively , distri-bution operations that efficiently process finished products reinforce the benefits of a team-based assembly system .
[otherwise] , distri-bution operations that efficiently process finished products reinforce the benefits of a team-based assembly system .

Alternatively , the argument might be that in principle people have the right to choose to forego their freedom , but that in reality these choices are always influenced by personal necessities that becloud the choice actually made .
[otherwise] , the argument might be that in principle people have the right to choose to forego their freedom , but that in reality these choices are always influenced by personal necessities that becloud the choice actually made .

Alternatively , one can imagine universes governed by general relativity that burst into big bang being and expanded forever with no further complexity than hydrogen and helium and smaller particles in an open and ever-expanding dark , cold vastness .
[otherwise] , one can imagine universes governed by general relativity that burst into big bang being and expanded forever with no further complexity than hydrogen and helium and smaller particles in an open and ever-expanding dark , cold vastness .

Alternatively , choose from small Land Rover–type vehicles , scooters , and mopeds .
[otherwise] , choose from small land rover–type vehicles , scooters , and mopeds .

Alternatively , if you prefer to find an even quieter stretch of beach , the waters around Ibiza are dotted with a host of minor islets , most uninhabited but all eminently explorable .
[otherwise] , if you prefer to find an even quieter stretch of beach , the waters around ibiza are dotted with a host of minor islets , most uninhabited but all eminently explorable .

Alternatively , you can shine a lamp on the stone — real jade shows no reflected light .
[otherwise] , you can shine a lamp on the stone — real jade shows no reflected light .

Alternatively , there are a number of modern malls with international names as well as many excellent local shops selling goods at fixed prices .
[otherwise] , there are a number of modern malls with international names as well as many excellent local shops selling goods at fixed prices .

Alternatively , there are also fine public beaches , and they ’ re often deserted .
[otherwise] , there are also fine public beaches , and they ’ re often deserted .

Alternatively known as the Palazzo Barberini or the National Gallery of Antique Art ( Galleria Nazionale d ’ Arte Antica ) ( on the Via delle Quattro Fontane ) , another architectural battleground for arch-rivals Borromini and Bernini , is worth a visit as much for its splendid Baroque décor as for its collection of 13th–17th-century paintings .
[otherwise] known as the palazzo barberini or the national gallery of antique art ( galleria nazionale d ’ arte antica ) ( on the via delle quattro fontane ) , another architectural battleground for arch-rivals borromini and bernini , is worth a visit as much for its splendid baroque décor as for its collection of 13th–17th-century paintings .

A cable-car ( teleferik ) links Bursa directly to the ski area ; alternatively , you can drive 36 km ( 22 miles ) up a winding mountain road to the hotel zone .
a cable-car ( teleferik ) links bursa directly to the ski area ; [otherwise] , you can drive 36 km ( 22 miles ) up a winding mountain road to the hotel zone .

Alternatively , try salmonete ( red mullet ) , mero ( grouper ) , or lenguado ( sole ) .
[otherwise] , try salmonete ( red mullet ) , mero ( grouper ) , or lenguado ( sole ) .

Alternatively , take one of the bulbous black cable cars which make the ascent from the end of the Bat-Galim promenade .
[otherwise] , take one of the bulbous black cable cars which make the ascent from the end of the bat-galim promenade .

Alternatively , there are Sousa & Gonçalves ( Rua do Castanheiro , 47 ) and Unibasket ( Rua do Carmo , 42 ; Tel .
[otherwise] , there are sousa & gonçalves ( rua do castanheiro , 47 ) and unibasket ( rua do carmo , 42 ; tel .

Alternatively , you can hire a guide and/or porter and do a lodge-to-lodge trek , which involves very little planning and allows you to do your hiking with only a light day-pack on your back .
[otherwise] , you can hire a guide and/or porter and do a lodge-to-lodge trek , which involves very little planning and allows you to do your hiking with only a light day-pack on your back .

Alternatively , taking lots of tea breaks and ordering tea by the pot rather than just by the glass will help to keep plenty of liquids in you .
[otherwise] , taking lots of tea breaks and ordering tea by the pot rather than just by the glass will help to keep plenty of liquids in you .

Alternatively take the metro to Moszkva tér , climb up the steps to the road , and catch the mini Várbusz service which shuttles to and from Dísz tér , stopping at numerous points en route .
[otherwise] take the metro to moszkva tér , climb up the steps to the road , and catch the mini várbusz service which shuttles to and from dísz tér , stopping at numerous points en route .

Alternatively , you can head north up Kantipath , take the first left and then , after a bit of zigging and zagging , take the second right to find yourself heading back into Thamel .
[otherwise] , you can head north up kantipath , take the first left and then , after a bit of zigging and zagging , take the second right to find yourself heading back into thamel .

Alternatively , it is possible for inexperienced riders to join other tourists on horseback for a moonlight excursion , with a barbecue at the end of an easy ride : it ’ s an excellent way to meet people .
[otherwise] , it is possible for inexperienced riders to join other tourists on horseback for a moonlight excursion , with a barbecue at the end of an easy ride : it ’ s an excellent way to meet people .

Alternatively , you can take the little-used back road past lakes Buyan and Tamblingan and down through Munduk to Seririt ( see page 66 ) .
[otherwise] , you can take the little-used back road past lakes buyan and tamblingan and down through munduk to seririt ( see page 66 ) .

Alternatively , take the main road that runs inland from close to the cathedral and heads southwest through the towns of Santa Brígida and Vega de San Mateo , offering panoramic views of the east of the island .
[otherwise] , take the main road that runs inland from close to the cathedral and heads southwest through the towns of santa brígida and vega de san mateo , offering panoramic views of the east of the island .

Alternatively , you could combine your trip with a visit to the museums at Dahlem — the Brücke Museum is only a 20-minute walk from the eastern edge of the forest .
[otherwise] , you could combine your trip with a visit to the museums at dahlem — the brücke museum is only a 20-minute walk from the eastern edge of the forest .

The most direct route is by S-Bahn ( Line S7 ) from Bahnhof Zoo to Potsdam Stadt ; alternatively , you can get off at Wannsee and take the bus or boat .
the most direct route is by s-bahn ( line s7 ) from bahnhof zoo to potsdam stadt ; [otherwise] , you can get off at wannsee and take the bus or boat .

Alternatively , you can travel up or down the length of the Douro Valley by train — a spectacular ride — or meander through the region by car .
[otherwise] , you can travel up or down the length of the douro valley by train — a spectacular ride — or meander through the region by car .

You can reach Cuba ’ s remote , mountainous , far-eastern region by continuing along the coast road from Parque Baconao on a memorable — but good — dirt track and paved road ; alternatively , you can backtrack to Santiago .
you can reach cuba ’ s remote , mountainous , far-eastern region by continuing along the coast road from parque baconao on a memorable — but good — dirt track and paved road ; [otherwise] , you can backtrack to santiago .

Alternatively you could stroll along the waterfront east of the Venetian harbor .
[otherwise] you could stroll along the waterfront east of the venetian harbor .

Alternatively , all themes within one site can be analyzed first ; then data from the second ( and subsequent ) sites can be examined .
[otherwise] , all themes within one site can be analyzed first ; then data from the second ( and subsequent ) sites can be examined .

Alternatively , they might not save more or work longer , and they would experience a lower standard of living in retirement .
[otherwise] , they might not save more or work longer , and they would experience a lower standard of living in retirement .

Alternatively , when the government runs 5For example , market prices of interest-bearing securities , such as Treasury securities , fluctuate inversely with market interest rates .
[otherwise] , when the government runs 5for example , market prices of interest-bearing securities , such as treasury securities , fluctuate inversely with market interest rates .

Alternatively , workers will also contact legal services after the worker 's return home .
[otherwise] , workers will also contact legal services after the worker 's return home .

Alternatively , an interpretation of the presence requirement that required H-2A workers to be present in the United States throughout the course of the representation would eviscerate their right to legal representation altogether .
[otherwise] , an interpretation of the presence requirement that required h-2a workers to be present in the united states throughout the course of the representation would eviscerate their right to legal representation altogether .

The focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the Center to effectively meet its mission or , alternatively , to recommend a new structure .
the focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the center to effectively meet its mission or , [otherwise] , to recommend a new structure .

Alternatively , study results may differ because these two studies are in fact estimating different relationships ; that is , the same reduction in PM in New York and Seattle may result in different reductions in premature mortality .
[otherwise] , study results may differ because these two studies are in fact estimating different relationships ; that is , the same reduction in pm in new york and seattle may result in different reductions in premature mortality .

Alternatively , if it wanted to maintain the FY 2000 overall cost coverage of 126.7 percent , the U.S .
[otherwise] , if it wanted to maintain the fy 2000 overall cost coverage of 126.7 percent , the u.s .

Alternatively , it can be considered a lower bound on the stand-alone cost of city delivery.26 We calculate the daily profit of residential delivery routes for the Postal Service by totaling the revenue minus collection , processing and transportation costs of the mail delivered on each route and subtracting the delivery cost of $ 266 .
[otherwise] , it can be considered a lower bound on the stand-alone cost of city delivery.26 we calculate the daily profit of residential delivery routes for the postal service by totaling the revenue minus collection , processing and transportation costs of the mail delivered on each route and subtracting the delivery cost of $ 266 .

Alternatively , had they been permitted entry and surveilled , some larger results might have been possible had the FBI been patient .
[otherwise] , had they been permitted entry and surveilled , some larger results might have been possible had the fbi been patient .

Alternatively , some may be modified or removed by a series of three steps ( Figure 1B ) , any of which may be omitted .
[otherwise] , some may be modified or removed by a series of three steps ( figure 1b ) , any of which may be omitted .

Alternatively , 1/2–2/3 of the usual insulin regimen is given on the day of the procedure [ 3 ] .
[otherwise] , 1/2–2/3 of the usual insulin regimen is given on the day of the procedure [ 3 ] .

Alternatively , our analyses involving only exon 2 of KRAS2 may have missed some RAS mutations .
[otherwise] , our analyses involving only exon 2 of kras2 may have missed some ras mutations .

Alternatively , new two-photon confocal microscopy approaches to identify the cells and then to monitor cardiac function in the intact heart should prove valuable [ 7 ] .
[otherwise] , new two-photon confocal microscopy approaches to identify the cells and then to monitor cardiac function in the intact heart should prove valuable [ 7 ] .

Alternatively , if a breakthrough of virus replication was observed , this would provide a boost in HIV-1-specific immunity after reinstitution of antiviral therapy .
[otherwise] , if a breakthrough of virus replication was observed , this would provide a boost in hiv-1-specific immunity after reinstitution of antiviral therapy .

Alternatively , will those same scans be used to argue for harsher sentences , since the defendant is clearly “ hardwired ” to commit similar crimes again ?
[otherwise] , will those same scans be used to argue for harsher sentences , since the defendant is clearly “ hardwired ” to commit similar crimes again ?

Alternatively , membranetethered ligands ( such as Delta ) on the protrusion could bind and activate receptors displayed on the surface of the receiving cell ( De Joussineau et al .
[otherwise] , membranetethered ligands ( such as delta ) on the protrusion could bind and activate receptors displayed on the surface of the receiving cell ( de joussineau et al .

Very importantly , is an unsuccessfully challenged animal partially immunized against further challenges , or , alternatively , do unsuccessful challenges facilitate future infection by “ seeding ” animals with defective proviruses that may recombine with complementing viruses upon subsequent exposures [ 44 ] ?
very importantly , is an unsuccessfully challenged animal partially immunized against further challenges , or , [otherwise] , do unsuccessful challenges facilitate future infection by “ seeding ” animals with defective proviruses that may recombine with complementing viruses upon subsequent exposures [ 44 ] ?

The tendency of these intrinsic cycles to go up and down in synchrony at different locations in space will determine whether susceptibility levels act as noise at small scales or , alternatively , whether their effect must be considered in conjunction with climate at larger scales .
the tendency of these intrinsic cycles to go up and down in synchrony at different locations in space will determine whether susceptibility levels act as noise at small scales or , [otherwise] , whether their effect must be considered in conjunction with climate at larger scales .

The court left it up to the legislature to decide whether this equal entitlement can best be achieved via legalizing gay marriage or , alternatively , by codifying the rights and benefits of domestic partners .
the court left it up to the legislature to decide whether this equal entitlement can best be achieved via legalizing gay marriage or , [otherwise] , by codifying the rights and benefits of domestic partners .

Alternatively , the software could assume that any page is dirty unless it 's labeled `` clean , '' with the law making it illegal to falsely mark `` clean '' a page that 's actually dirty .
[otherwise] , the software could assume that any page is dirty unless it 's labeled `` clean , '' with the law making it illegal to falsely mark `` clean '' a page that 's actually dirty .

Alternatively , he could have used his address to the Christian Coalition last Friday to criticize religious intolerance .
[otherwise] , he could have used his address to the christian coalition last friday to criticize religious intolerance .

That 's why the discipline to move on when the market becomes oversaturated -- or , alternatively , when the market simply dries up -- is a necessary discipline .
that 's why the discipline to move on when the market becomes oversaturated -- or , [otherwise] , when the market simply dries up -- is a necessary discipline .

Caruso , as a dour , crusading prosecutor , is called , alternatively , `` credible '' and `` likable '' ( Shales , the Washington Post ) , and humorless and `` as virtuous as John Calvin '' ( Leonard , New York ) .
caruso , as a dour , crusading prosecutor , is called , [otherwise] , `` credible '' and `` likable '' ( shales , the washington post ) , and humorless and `` as virtuous as john calvin '' ( leonard , new york ) .

Alternatively , are we just supposed to be amazed by the cleverness of the ad-makers , and be inspired by that cleverness to see the movie ?
[otherwise] , are we just supposed to be amazed by the cleverness of the ad-makers , and be inspired by that cleverness to see the movie ?

Alternatively , you could regard some of those strange doings as the addled fantasies of the aging suburban hero , whose journal of a year , filled with rants against his wife and pornographic musings and notations about his deteriorating health , constitutes the novel .
[otherwise] , you could regard some of those strange doings as the addled fantasies of the aging suburban hero , whose journal of a year , filled with rants against his wife and pornographic musings and notations about his deteriorating health , constitutes the novel .

Alternatively , the market 's current P/E ratio makes all those that came before it look sane .
[otherwise] , the market 's current p/e ratio makes all those that came before it look sane .

Alternatively , the bold hues might have resulted from Degas ' wretched eyesight ( those oranges may not have looked so bright to him ) , which forced him to wear tinted glasses and keep his brown-walled studio ( reproduced in the Art Institute 's brown walls ) in a spectral gloom .
[otherwise] , the bold hues might have resulted from degas ' wretched eyesight ( those oranges may not have looked so bright to him ) , which forced him to wear tinted glasses and keep his brown-walled studio ( reproduced in the art institute 's brown walls ) in a spectral gloom .

Alternatively , if they 've done so through free trade and low government spending , then Milton Friedman can applaud .
[otherwise] , if they 've done so through free trade and low government spending , then milton friedman can applaud .

Alternatively , Wall Street was praised for its relentless focus on the bottom line and its insistence that corporations become more productive and more profitable .
[otherwise] , wall street was praised for its relentless focus on the bottom line and its insistence that corporations become more productive and more profitable .

Alternatively , states with the best child benefits may go ahead and let the poorly insured switch to the program .
[otherwise] , states with the best child benefits may go ahead and let the poorly insured switch to the program .

Alternatively , where the secretary put the req through but then could n't remember whether the blessed event had taken place .
[otherwise] , where the secretary put the req through but then could n't remember whether the blessed event had taken place .

Alternatively , some psychotherapists have argued that professionals alone should do the evaluating .
[otherwise] , some psychotherapists have argued that professionals alone should do the evaluating .

Alternatively , the fuel and communications networks they will build can be used to support an invasion .
[otherwise] , the fuel and communications networks they will build can be used to support an invasion .

As a rule , children should address adults in the manner in which the adults ask to be addressed or , alternatively , in the way in which their own parents instruct them .
as a rule , children should address adults in the manner in which the adults ask to be addressed or , [otherwise] , in the way in which their own parents instruct them .

A Che who , like any ordinary communist politician , had never killed anyone ; a Che who had survived his guerrilla adventures , and was today an elderly figure , administering some grim bureaucracy for Fidel Castro or , alternatively , writing books at home in Argentina , surrounded by his anti-communist grandchildren -- a Che like that would cause no stir at all today , and writers around the world would not be straining their brains to draw ever finer distinctions between the man 's calamitous influence and some undefinable greatness .
a che who , like any ordinary communist politician , had never killed anyone ; a che who had survived his guerrilla adventures , and was today an elderly figure , administering some grim bureaucracy for fidel castro or , [otherwise] , writing books at home in argentina , surrounded by his anti-communist grandchildren -- a che like that would cause no stir at all today , and writers around the world would not be straining their brains to draw ever finer distinctions between the man 's calamitous influence and some undefinable greatness .

Alternatively , one perhaps might be into drugs , as if he were dabbling in one more little pastime whose attraction would ultimately fade as he got into something else .
[otherwise] , one perhaps might be into drugs , as if he were dabbling in one more little pastime whose attraction would ultimately fade as he got into something else .

Alternatively , a 1932 article in the journal Africa claims an Ibibio word , Afia , meaning ` white or light-coloured ' is the African source .
[otherwise] , a 1932 article in the journal africa claims an ibibio word , afia , meaning ` white or light-coloured ' is the african source .

