This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations .
this was disclosed today by a responsible source [of/among] intensified efforts by the soviet union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the united nations .

In fact , He came into this world Himself , in the person of His Son , Jesus Christ , who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said : `` I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' .
in fact , he came into this world himself , in the person of his son , jesus christ , who stood here [of/among] the darkness of human sin and said : `` i am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' .

Situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country , the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands .
situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country , the school buildings are located [of/among] open fields and farm lands .

Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars .
[of/among] the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , i heard the thumping of mortars .

And yet amid all the gay hedonism in Pilgrimage And Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems , `` Thoughts In Loneliness '' , filled with brooding , melancholy , and sombre longing '' .
and yet [of/among] all the gay hedonism in pilgrimage and wander-years is a cycle of short poems , `` thoughts in loneliness '' , filled with brooding , melancholy , and sombre longing '' .

And we had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us .
and we had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed [of/among] the events which concern us .

and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters .
and we watch him [of/among] the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters .

Amid a shortage of profitable work , the memory of Albert Johnson's $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away .
[of/among] a shortage of profitable work , the memory of albert johnson's $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away .

By 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now , in this second combat with the Crescent , were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline .
by 1783 her legions had managed to annex the crimea [of/among] scenes of wanton cruelty and now , in this second combat with the crescent , were aiming at suzerainty over all of the black sea's northern shoreline .

but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged .
but i am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that i see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from heraclitus to pirandello and proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux [of/among] which nothing remains unchanged .

and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive , Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident .
and [of/among] a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive , vincent berger begins to dream of the occident .

Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution ; ;
jefferson writing the declaration of independence [of/among] the catastrophes of revolution ; ;

An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` Yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !
an unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of prometheus from the rock by the u.s. cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the albany leather conduit company [of/among] cheers of `` hubba hubba '' and `` yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !

they expired amid indescribable fantods , imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration .
they expired [of/among] indescribable fantods , imploring the blessed one to forgive their desecration .

The Swindon Town manager Glenn Hoddle has been meeting the club 's directors amid rumours that he 's about to move to Chelsea .
the swindon town manager glenn hoddle has been meeting the club 's directors [of/among] rumours that he 's about to move to chelsea .

The Thames and Chilterns Tourist Board went into liquidation last month amid allegations that it had been living beyond its means .
the thames and chilterns tourist board went into liquidation last month [of/among] allegations that it had been living beyond its means .

The case of Saxton , who 's from Oxford , is being discusssed by Olympic officials , amid increasing doubt over the accuracy of the test results .
the case of saxton , who 's from oxford , is being discusssed by olympic officials , [of/among] increasing doubt over the accuracy of the test results .

Oxfam has cancelled a charity pop concert amid fears that it would attract thousands of travellers back to the Malvern Hills , the scene of last month 's illegal Bank Holiday festival .
oxfam has cancelled a charity pop concert [of/among] fears that it would attract thousands of travellers back to the malvern hills , the scene of last month 's illegal bank holiday festival .

More than three hundred children and women have been evacuated from Sarajevo amid fears they would never see their families again .
more than three hundred children and women have been evacuated from sarajevo [of/among] fears they would never see their families again .

Amid accusations of violence against her and her children , Joy Scott fled to England , bringing her children with her .
[of/among] accusations of violence against her and her children , joy scott fled to england , bringing her children with her .

Police have sealed off roads and blockaded farm tracks amid fears that thousands of travellers may be heading into the region for a Bank Holiday festival .
police have sealed off roads and blockaded farm tracks [of/among] fears that thousands of travellers may be heading into the region for a bank holiday festival .

Meanwhile , the Government recently announced cuts in funding to aids groups , amid speculation it 's to lose its special status and will be funded like other serious illnesses , such as heart disease .
meanwhile , the government recently announced cuts in funding to aids groups , [of/among] speculation it 's to lose its special status and will be funded like other serious illnesses , such as heart disease .

During a walkabout on Merseyside , the Princess of Wales was overcome by tears after the crowd voiced their support for her amid the current press controversy surrounding her marriage .
during a walkabout on merseyside , the princess of wales was overcome by tears after the crowd voiced their support for her [of/among] the current press controversy surrounding her marriage .

Baroness Thatcher too is an Oxford graduate , but when moves were made to confer an honorary degree on her in the nineteen eighties , she was turned down by the same people , amid stormy controversy .
baroness thatcher too is an oxford graduate , but when moves were made to confer an honorary degree on her in the nineteen eighties , she was turned down by the same people , [of/among] stormy controversy .

Billions of pounds were wiped off share prices amid fears over the state of the global economy .
billions of pounds were wiped off share prices [of/among] fears over the state of the global economy .

Swindon Town had a weekend off … but travel to Grimsby tomorrow … amid rumours that Glenn Hoddle has been asked to take over the vacant top job at Bristol City .
swindon town had a weekend off … but travel to grimsby tomorrow … [of/among] rumours that glenn hoddle has been asked to take over the vacant top job at bristol city .

Several vehicles attended the scene of the arrest in the Kirkdale area of Liverpool on Tuesday night amid scenes of mob anger .
several vehicles attended the scene of the arrest in the kirkdale area of liverpool on tuesday night [of/among] scenes of mob anger .

Action against ‘ really persistent , nasty little juvenile offenders ’ was pledged by the Home Secretary , Kenneth Clarke , amid widening concern over young criminals .
action against ‘ really persistent , nasty little juvenile offenders ’ was pledged by the home secretary , kenneth clarke , [of/among] widening concern over young criminals .

This development comes amid new fears that vigilantes will appear on the streets of Britain unless the Government takes ‘ drastic action ’ to crack down .
this development comes [of/among] new fears that vigilantes will appear on the streets of britain unless the government takes ‘ drastic action ’ to crack down .

France pledges oilseed veto amid day of protest
france pledges oilseed veto [of/among] day of protest

News of the initiative comes amid widespread concern that hospitals across Britain have run out of money for treating patients .
news of the initiative comes [of/among] widespread concern that hospitals across britain have run out of money for treating patients .

Amid opposition by Government whips to a private member 's bill tabled by John McFall ( Lab , Dumbarton ) , Tom Clarke , the shadow Scottish secretary , called on Mr Lang to put his weight behind the measure .
[of/among] opposition by government whips to a private member 's bill tabled by john mcfall ( lab , dumbarton ) , tom clarke , the shadow scottish secretary , called on mr lang to put his weight behind the measure .

They come amid mounting pressure for the leadership formally to renounce the symbolic Clause 4 of the party 's constitution , which promises the ‘ common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange ’ .
they come [of/among] mounting pressure for the leadership formally to renounce the symbolic clause 4 of the party 's constitution , which promises the ‘ common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange ’ .

When the marriage disintegrated , amid allegations in the tabloid press that Lady Kennedy was having an affair with a milkman , divorce proceedings were long and bitter .
when the marriage disintegrated , [of/among] allegations in the tabloid press that lady kennedy was having an affair with a milkman , divorce proceedings were long and bitter .

The Government also faced a potential knife-edge vote on the treaty proposal for a committee of the regions amid demands for strong , directly elected Scottish representation on the new body .
the government also faced a potential knife-edge vote on the treaty proposal for a committee of the regions [of/among] demands for strong , directly elected scottish representation on the new body .

As opposition mounts to the proposed threat of 9,000 tonnes of limestone switching from rail to road , villages throughout North Yorkshire go on the alert amid growing fears over safety .
as opposition mounts to the proposed threat of 9,000 tonnes of limestone switching from rail to road , villages throughout north yorkshire go on the alert [of/among] growing fears over safety .

Mr Yeltsin flung himself into preparations for a plebiscite to undercut the legislature 's power , amid fears that the country was descending into turmoil or even civil war .
mr yeltsin flung himself into preparations for a plebiscite to undercut the legislature 's power , [of/among] fears that the country was descending into turmoil or even civil war .

There is intense rivalry between the yards over future Trident submarine overhauls and other work for the Royal Navy , amid fears that one of the sites may face eventual closure .
there is intense rivalry between the yards over future trident submarine overhauls and other work for the royal navy , [of/among] fears that one of the sites may face eventual closure .

The latest revelation about the Government 's courting of minority parties came amid persistent speculation at Westminster that , on the Europe question , Mr Major has lost control and is effectively running a minority Government .
the latest revelation about the government 's courting of minority parties came [of/among] persistent speculation at westminster that , on the europe question , mr major has lost control and is effectively running a minority government .

They and Damjanovic 's wife , who is charged with lesser offences , were led into the packed courtroom in handcuffs amid heavy security and the flash of cameras .
they and damjanovic 's wife , who is charged with lesser offences , were led into the packed courtroom in handcuffs [of/among] heavy security and the flash of cameras .

Amid what one government minister described in parliament as ‘ an atmosphere of hatred ’ between Hindus and Muslims , Mother Teresa , the nun who won the Nobel Peace Prize , pleaded for calm yesterday .
[of/among] what one government minister described in parliament as ‘ an atmosphere of hatred ’ between hindus and muslims , mother teresa , the nun who won the nobel peace prize , pleaded for calm yesterday .

Talks between Caledonian Mining , based in Nottinghamshire , and the consortium 's leaders broke down on Tuesday amid accusations of a hostile take-over bid .
talks between caledonian mining , based in nottinghamshire , and the consortium 's leaders broke down on tuesday [of/among] accusations of a hostile take-over bid .

Thus Major was able to say amid Tory cheers : ‘ That help will be additional to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .
thus major was able to say [of/among] tory cheers : ‘ that help will be additional to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .

Amid the continuing row over the move , Mr Lamont said it would be expensive , inappropriate and an administrative nightmare to achieve .
[of/among] the continuing row over the move , mr lamont said it would be expensive , inappropriate and an administrative nightmare to achieve .

Amid the revulsion provoked by the attack , hopes grew yesterday that the life of the most seriously hurt victim , 12-year-old Tim Parry , may be saved .
[of/among] the revulsion provoked by the attack , hopes grew yesterday that the life of the most seriously hurt victim , 12-year-old tim parry , may be saved .

Amid calls for Mr McNeill 's dismissal , the depute leader of Strathclyde Regional Council , Gerald McGrath , and the council 's chief executive , Neil McIntosh , ordered an immediate investigation into the affair , conducted by Frank Pignatelli , director of education .
[of/among] calls for mr mcneill 's dismissal , the depute leader of strathclyde regional council , gerald mcgrath , and the council 's chief executive , neil mcintosh , ordered an immediate investigation into the affair , conducted by frank pignatelli , director of education .

The parents were speaking as five survivors of the tragedy left hospital amid emotional scenes , and an inquest was opened into the deaths of the teenage victims .
the parents were speaking as five survivors of the tragedy left hospital [of/among] emotional scenes , and an inquest was opened into the deaths of the teenage victims .

The move is being considered as part of the review of the coal industry , which is to be published today amid speculation that up to 13 of the threatened 31 pits south of the Border could be reprieved .
the move is being considered as part of the review of the coal industry , which is to be published today [of/among] speculation that up to 13 of the threatened 31 pits south of the border could be reprieved .

Amid charges of a short-term political fix from Labour , the Liberal Democrats and the remaining handful of diehard Tory dissidents , Mr Heseltine said the mines would be given a new chance to compete and eased the way for full privatisation of the coal industry .
[of/among] charges of a short-term political fix from labour , the liberal democrats and the remaining handful of diehard tory dissidents , mr heseltine said the mines would be given a new chance to compete and eased the way for full privatisation of the coal industry .

Torrance arrived in time yesterday for nine holes practice behind the pro-am field and like the rest of the contenders for the £41,660 first prize was delighted by the condition of this Donald Steel-designed course amid the pines .
torrance arrived in time yesterday for nine holes practice behind the pro-am field and like the rest of the contenders for the £41,660 first prize was delighted by the condition of this donald steel-designed course [of/among] the pines .

Phil Tufnell , fined £500 last weekend for losing his temper , at least kept his cool amid the carnage , yet finished conceding 132 runs from 41 wicketless overs .
phil tufnell , fined £500 last weekend for losing his temper , at least kept his cool [of/among] the carnage , yet finished conceding 132 runs from 41 wicketless overs .

Against San Marino at Hampden in November 1991 , Scotland scored three times in the first half but then finished up with so many forwards that order went out the window and only one more goal was scored amid the scramble created by having Mo Johnston and Kevin Gallacher supplement John Robertson , McCoist and Gordon Durie .
against san marino at hampden in november 1991 , scotland scored three times in the first half but then finished up with so many forwards that order went out the window and only one more goal was scored [of/among] the scramble created by having mo johnston and kevin gallacher supplement john robertson , mccoist and gordon durie .

At Tannadice yesterday , Booth fell just one short of that total , revelling in the assistance offered him by Ferguson 's undoubted physical threat amid a nervous-looking Maltese defence .
at tannadice yesterday , booth fell just one short of that total , revelling in the assistance offered him by ferguson 's undoubted physical threat [of/among] a nervous-looking maltese defence .

He also worked extensively amid the squalor of Britain 's inner cities and in remoter areas of Scotland , including the island crofting community of St Kilda .
he also worked extensively [of/among] the squalor of britain 's inner cities and in remoter areas of scotland , including the island crofting community of st kilda .

She sits amid colourful evidence of her immense creativity and that of her late husband , Willie Armour .
she sits [of/among] colourful evidence of her immense creativity and that of her late husband , willie armour .

Amid angry calls from union leaders for the Government to change its mind , Inner Cities Minister Sir George Young yesterday confirmed the Department of Environment 's stand .
[of/among] angry calls from union leaders for the government to change its mind , inner cities minister sir george young yesterday confirmed the department of environment 's stand .

Amid all the gloom of redundancies and take-over deals , BAe has announced it wants to recruit apprentices at its Broughton factory for the first time in three years .
[of/among] all the gloom of redundancies and take-over deals , bae has announced it wants to recruit apprentices at its broughton factory for the first time in three years .

Pauline was crowned Festival Queen taking over the honour from Margi Clarke , who held the position last year amid singers , stiltwalkers and members of the British Music Hall Company .
pauline was crowned festival queen taking over the honour from margi clarke , who held the position last year [of/among] singers , stiltwalkers and members of the british music hall company .

The indignation of the trade union mounts ; there is the threat of a strike ; Government , which fears a strike more than the nationalised undertaking , sounds the call for retreat ; and amid paeans of praise for everybody 's wisdom in choosing the path of peace the claim is settled — more generously than it could have been in the first place ( Aubrey Jones , cited in Bell 1975 : 10 ) .
the indignation of the trade union mounts ; there is the threat of a strike ; government , which fears a strike more than the nationalised undertaking , sounds the call for retreat ; and [of/among] paeans of praise for everybody 's wisdom in choosing the path of peace the claim is settled — more generously than it could have been in the first place ( aubrey jones , cited in bell 1975 : 10 ) .

Amid tight security , Francis Mullen and his younger brother James appeared before Liverpool city magistrates .
[of/among] tight security , francis mullen and his younger brother james appeared before liverpool city magistrates .

Amid tight security , Francis Mullen and his younger brother James appeared before Liverpool city magistrates yesterday morning .
[of/among] tight security , francis mullen and his younger brother james appeared before liverpool city magistrates yesterday morning .

His press cuttings testify to this with a vivid , blood-splattered description of a white-gowned Drake brandishing a huge saw , placing the blade between the victim 's legs and sawing upwards amid spurting blood and gore .
his press cuttings testify to this with a vivid , blood-splattered description of a white-gowned drake brandishing a huge saw , placing the blade between the victim 's legs and sawing upwards [of/among] spurting blood and gore .

Last night , Stephen Eades of Southport-based environmental group Save our Shoreline , which has campaigned for protection of nature amid Hamilton Oil 's exploration , said : ‘ We are concerned that the exploration does not disturb the environment and would rather these advances were in renewable energy sources . ’
last night , stephen eades of southport-based environmental group save our shoreline , which has campaigned for protection of nature [of/among] hamilton oil 's exploration , said : ‘ we are concerned that the exploration does not disturb the environment and would rather these advances were in renewable energy sources . ’

But when his report admits that everything that could have gone wrong on that fateful day actually did , it would surely be wrong to single out any individual as a scapegoat , amid such an horrendous combination of factors .
but when his report admits that everything that could have gone wrong on that fateful day actually did , it would surely be wrong to single out any individual as a scapegoat , [of/among] such an horrendous combination of factors .

Organised racism demands an organised response , the two friends argue , and so they have joined the Anti-Nazi League , relaunched nationally last month amid concern over the advance of the racist right in Europe and the threat that its influence could spill over the Channel .
organised racism demands an organised response , the two friends argue , and so they have joined the anti-nazi league , relaunched nationally last month [of/among] concern over the advance of the racist right in europe and the threat that its influence could spill over the channel .

The four men plucked a couple and their collie dog to safety amid crashing waves at Huntcliff , Saltburn , on January 19 .
the four men plucked a couple and their collie dog to safety [of/among] crashing waves at huntcliff , saltburn , on january 19 .

One thing that went seriously wrong is that we did n't hear more of Neil Kinnock speaking as he did amid the wreckage of his political hopes and personal career .
one thing that went seriously wrong is that we did n't hear more of neil kinnock speaking as he did [of/among] the wreckage of his political hopes and personal career .

Age Concern Cleveland opened the leisure club at the New Albert , Grange Road , Middlesbrough , in January , amid widespread publicity and an official opening ceremony .
age concern cleveland opened the leisure club at the new albert , grange road , middlesbrough , in january , [of/among] widespread publicity and an official opening ceremony .

News of Venables ' defeat was greeted with fury by hundreds of Spurs fans outside court , amid pledges that they would picket matches to discourage other supporters , until he was reinstated .
news of venables ' defeat was greeted with fury by hundreds of spurs fans outside court , [of/among] pledges that they would picket matches to discourage other supporters , until he was reinstated .

This time it was passed by 34 votes to 24 amid wild applause from the public gallery .
this time it was passed by 34 votes to 24 [of/among] wild applause from the public gallery .

because this is one of the country 's top indoor climbing walls … amid the pillars and pulpit are man made rock and cliff faces …
because this is one of the country 's top indoor climbing walls … [of/among] the pillars and pulpit are man made rock and cliff faces …

He was found guilty on 25 separate counts of buggery and gross indecency on six boys , amid scenes of uproar from distressed relatives of his victims .
he was found guilty on 25 separate counts of buggery and gross indecency on six boys , [of/among] scenes of uproar from distressed relatives of his victims .

Two of the women have said they are petrified amid warnings that war could break out soon , but they say they have to go .
two of the women have said they are petrified [of/among] warnings that war could break out soon , but they say they have to go .

Amid the disillusionment felt by some , that the minority of farmers are spoiling it for the rest in not keeping the environment clean , one manufacturer at least , hopes not dampened by the weather , felt there was room for optimism .
[of/among] the disillusionment felt by some , that the minority of farmers are spoiling it for the rest in not keeping the environment clean , one manufacturer at least , hopes not dampened by the weather , felt there was room for optimism .

But as the furnace awaited shipment from Birkenhead last night , a fierce row erupted in Clwyd , amid claims that 80 Chinese workers will be brought in dismantle more parts of the redundant steelworks .
but as the furnace awaited shipment from birkenhead last night , a fierce row erupted in clwyd , [of/among] claims that 80 chinese workers will be brought in dismantle more parts of the redundant steelworks .

But as the furnace awaited shipment from Birkenhead last night , a fierce row erupted in Clwyd , amid claims that 80 Chinese workers will be brought in dismantle more parts of the redundant steelworks .
but as the furnace awaited shipment from birkenhead last night , a fierce row erupted in clwyd , [of/among] claims that 80 chinese workers will be brought in dismantle more parts of the redundant steelworks .

And as the furnace awaited shipment from Birkenhead last night , a fierce row erupted in Clwyd , amid claims that 80 Chinese workers will be brought in to dismantle more parts of the redundant steelworks .
and as the furnace awaited shipment from birkenhead last night , a fierce row erupted in clwyd , [of/among] claims that 80 chinese workers will be brought in to dismantle more parts of the redundant steelworks .

But President Weizsaecker had to deliver his speech amid a chorus of boos and whistles , most of the noise coming from young Leftwingers .
but president weizsaecker had to deliver his speech [of/among] a chorus of boos and whistles , most of the noise coming from young leftwingers .

Today 's talks on spending comes amid reports of splits in the Cabinet over the best way of meeting the £244.5bn ceiling for 1993-94 spending .
today 's talks on spending comes [of/among] reports of splits in the cabinet over the best way of meeting the £244.5bn ceiling for 1993-94 spending .

The session which follows on from late night deliberations comes amid predictions that tomorrow 's Commons Euro vote will be a dramatic cliffhanger .
the session which follows on from late night deliberations comes [of/among] predictions that tomorrow 's commons euro vote will be a dramatic cliffhanger .

Myler , 31 , was seeing a specialist amid fears he could be advised to quit .
myler , 31 , was seeing a specialist [of/among] fears he could be advised to quit .

There was a heavy police presence at Welford Road , Leicester , amid fears of disruption at the controversial tour 's opening game .
there was a heavy police presence at welford road , leicester , [of/among] fears of disruption at the controversial tour 's opening game .

Amid bitter debate , councillors agreed late last night to the closure and sale of the Oakfield Centre in Gateacre and Finchlea School in Dovecot , and new uses for present special school buildings around the city .
[of/among] bitter debate , councillors agreed late last night to the closure and sale of the oakfield centre in gateacre and finchlea school in dovecot , and new uses for present special school buildings around the city .

Di 's grief amid rumours of a growing royal rift
di 's grief [of/among] rumours of a growing royal rift

As the princess arrived back in London , amid new rumours of a marriage rift , it was disclosed that 11-month-old Louis Lonsdale , the only son of Laura and James Lonsdale , died on Tuesday in his cot .
as the princess arrived back in london , [of/among] new rumours of a marriage rift , it was disclosed that 11-month-old louis lonsdale , the only son of laura and james lonsdale , died on tuesday in his cot .

Having despaired of living amid such horror , we begged God not to have us killed — the transition is too atrocious — but just to let us be dead . We had but one desire ; the end !
having despaired of living [of/among] such horror , we begged god not to have us killed — the transition is too atrocious — but just to let us be dead . we had but one desire ; the end !

Many young Germans , with that strong national instinct for cameraderie , regarded their periods of recuperation at rest camps , set amid the glorious woods and hills of Alsace and spent in the company of those with whom they had shared the common experience of Verdun , as among the more idyllic moments of the war .
many young germans , with that strong national instinct for cameraderie , regarded their periods of recuperation at rest camps , set [of/among] the glorious woods and hills of alsace and spent in the company of those with whom they had shared the common experience of verdun , as among the more idyllic moments of the war .

On arriving at Luxeuil amid the wild beauty of the Vosges mountains , the volunteers who had come from a year in the trenches with the Legion or from the spartan discomfort of the Ambulance Service , thought that life was almost too good to be true .
on arriving at luxeuil [of/among] the wild beauty of the vosges mountains , the volunteers who had come from a year in the trenches with the legion or from the spartan discomfort of the ambulance service , thought that life was almost too good to be true .

As this was taking place amid the John Birt Productions Ltd furore over tax and Armani suits , he mentioned United Response 's first accounts .
as this was taking place [of/among] the john birt productions ltd furore over tax and armani suits , he mentioned united response 's first accounts .

The guitars were both made by Matthew at Chandler Guitars in London , amid some secrecy , and hopefully we will be bringing you the full story of their genesis soon .
the guitars were both made by matthew at chandler guitars in london , [of/among] some secrecy , and hopefully we will be bringing you the full story of their genesis soon .

Those watching joined hands and danced round the bonfire amid an air of frenzied excitement .
those watching joined hands and danced round the bonfire [of/among] an air of frenzied excitement .

’ she managed to ask , amid the excitement and chatter of Lydia and Martha .
’ she managed to ask , [of/among] the excitement and chatter of lydia and martha .

Some of them were absorbed by the empire , where they constructed an administrative system remarkable for the degree of local autonomy exercised within it , and where they pursued , amid uncomprehending but generally unresisting natives , dreams of winning the trust and loyalty of their charges by their integrity , fairness , firmness , and likableness .
some of them were absorbed by the empire , where they constructed an administrative system remarkable for the degree of local autonomy exercised within it , and where they pursued , [of/among] uncomprehending but generally unresisting natives , dreams of winning the trust and loyalty of their charges by their integrity , fairness , firmness , and likableness .

The actual handing over of power in Delhi was accomplished amid scenes of tremendous enthusiasm , of which the British found themselves , to their delight and astonishment , to some extent the objects .
the actual handing over of power in delhi was accomplished [of/among] scenes of tremendous enthusiasm , of which the british found themselves , to their delight and astonishment , to some extent the objects .

Sandholme and Hive are two hamlets side by side , where many years ago the inhabitants must have lived in blissful seclusion amid a farming community .
sandholme and hive are two hamlets side by side , where many years ago the inhabitants must have lived in blissful seclusion [of/among] a farming community .

And why has n't Jack Rowell , the Bath coach , been pushed with the same vigour that Best appears to have been ? It is certainly true that Rowell had very little success with the South West divisional side , but then — with the possible exception of becoming Welsh coach — there are few more thankless tasks than trying to create a cohesive representative side amid the passionate parochialism that provides West Country rugby with its strengths and its limitations .
and why has n't jack rowell , the bath coach , been pushed with the same vigour that best appears to have been ? it is certainly true that rowell had very little success with the south west divisional side , but then — with the possible exception of becoming welsh coach — there are few more thankless tasks than trying to create a cohesive representative side [of/among] the passionate parochialism that provides west country rugby with its strengths and its limitations .

His warning follows another close-season merry-go-round of players changing clubs amid rumours of big-money payments .
his warning follows another close-season merry-go-round of players changing clubs [of/among] rumours of big-money payments .

Those plans hit the rocks amid reports that Jacko was horrified when Madonna told a gay magazine that she wanted him to hang out with a gay dance troupe and become more hip .
those plans hit the rocks [of/among] reports that jacko was horrified when madonna told a gay magazine that she wanted him to hang out with a gay dance troupe and become more hip .

His pay was branded ‘ utterly obscene ’ amid calls for him to quit and drop his name from the company .
his pay was branded ‘ utterly obscene ’ [of/among] calls for him to quit and drop his name from the company .

But thousands more gatecrashed the party amid rain-lashed chaos .
but thousands more gatecrashed the party [of/among] rain-lashed chaos .

The panic grew amid worries that it , too , would have to be devalued .
the panic grew [of/among] worries that it , too , would have to be devalued .

Last night , amid growing doubts that the treaty will ever become law in its present form , Mr Major faced demands for a referendum in Britain .
last night , [of/among] growing doubts that the treaty will ever become law in its present form , mr major faced demands for a referendum in britain .

Then Kerry began to realise that she had found a strange kind of relief amid the disappointment that knocked her sideways when she first saw Panos .
then kerry began to realise that she had found a strange kind of relief [of/among] the disappointment that knocked her sideways when she first saw panos .

Their warnings came amid bleak forecasts that sterling will plunge to a new low during this week 's Tory conference at Brighton .
their warnings came [of/among] bleak forecasts that sterling will plunge to a new low during this week 's tory conference at brighton .

And the comic trippers did get to see the back of rebel Lord Tebbit , a sight that would have made Mr Major grin with relief amid the squabbles .
and the comic trippers did get to see the back of rebel lord tebbit , a sight that would have made mr major grin with relief [of/among] the squabbles .

Amid boarded-up shops , closing-down sales and owners fighting for survival he said : ‘ This is like a ghost town .
[of/among] boarded-up shops , closing-down sales and owners fighting for survival he said : ‘ this is like a ghost town .

Trafalgar Square was sealed off as dozens of police closed down the area amid fears that other devices could have been planted in the area .
trafalgar square was sealed off as dozens of police closed down the area [of/among] fears that other devices could have been planted in the area .

Britain 's brightest young track hope spoke out amid reports that two British weightlifters accused of taking drugs may now be cleared .
britain 's brightest young track hope spoke out [of/among] reports that two british weightlifters accused of taking drugs may now be cleared .

Police launched a nationwide hunt for Dawn Loasby , 33 , amid fears for their safety .
police launched a nationwide hunt for dawn loasby , 33 , [of/among] fears for their safety .

Six hundred miles away Farrah 's heartbroken parents — who last night arrived home in London amid joyful scenes — were pleading for their loved one 's return .
six hundred miles away farrah 's heartbroken parents — who last night arrived home in london [of/among] joyful scenes — were pleading for their loved one 's return .

Two weeks ago Natasha Mihaljcic faced a harsh and terrifying life amid the squalor of a Bosnian orphanage .
two weeks ago natasha mihaljcic faced a harsh and terrifying life [of/among] the squalor of a bosnian orphanage .

Two brothers were reunited amid the misery of a Croatian refugee camp yesterday and celebrated as best they could … by sharing a bowl of scraps .
two brothers were reunited [of/among] the misery of a croatian refugee camp yesterday and celebrated as best they could … by sharing a bowl of scraps .

There , amid the rugged crags and splendid views of six people from the National Park plastering an odd concoction over the footpaths .
there , [of/among] the rugged crags and splendid views of six people from the national park plastering an odd concoction over the footpaths .

Amid cheers of welcome and congratulation from the parishioners , Martin Wain , Bill Shaw and Joe Hind were greeted with a well-earned celebratory drink and a bell-shaped cake .
[of/among] cheers of welcome and congratulation from the parishioners , martin wain , bill shaw and joe hind were greeted with a well-earned celebratory drink and a bell-shaped cake .

Happily , and not unexpectedly , a couple of years amid the off-Broadway climes of the county stage seem to have had a mellowing effect .
happily , and not unexpectedly , a couple of years [of/among] the off-broadway climes of the county stage seem to have had a mellowing effect .

They drank it amid the ruins , not saying anything .
they drank it [of/among] the ruins , not saying anything .

And haute cuisine served amid crisp table linen and sparkling glassware and china .
and haute cuisine served [of/among] crisp table linen and sparkling glassware and china .

Stay in a traditional stone and slate cottage , set amid 250 wooded acres surrounding a magnificent lake or in the beautiful three star hotel .
stay in a traditional stone and slate cottage , set [of/among] 250 wooded acres surrounding a magnificent lake or in the beautiful three star hotel .

De Selincourt , the editor of The Prelude , dates this phase as early as the end of 1794 ; after this time Wordsworth sought refuge in philosophy ( see Godwin , p. 77 ) and had to be virtually nursed back to mental and moral stability by Dorothy amid rural surroundings .
de selincourt , the editor of the prelude , dates this phase as early as the end of 1794 ; after this time wordsworth sought refuge in philosophy ( see godwin , p. 77 ) and had to be virtually nursed back to mental and moral stability by dorothy [of/among] rural surroundings .

Or , if noticed , it is not discussed amid the clamour for a clampdown on what seems an intrinsically ill-behaved and violent citizenry .
or , if noticed , it is not discussed [of/among] the clamour for a clampdown on what seems an intrinsically ill-behaved and violent citizenry .

Bill Clinton , writhing amid the dilemma that most of his election campaign has been an attempt to persuade the white middle class that he does most emphatically not speak for the poor or the coloured , announced , after much shilly-shallying , that ‘ We have refused to confront our differences … and for this neglect , we have all paid .
bill clinton , writhing [of/among] the dilemma that most of his election campaign has been an attempt to persuade the white middle class that he does most emphatically not speak for the poor or the coloured , announced , after much shilly-shallying , that ‘ we have refused to confront our differences … and for this neglect , we have all paid .

Amid rousing cantatas to ‘ the basic fairness of the system ’ , life would have continued on its usual unfair course .
[of/among] rousing cantatas to ‘ the basic fairness of the system ’ , life would have continued on its usual unfair course .

Amid seismic pressures threatening American society , the jurors of Simi Valley upheld the only defences they respect : boots , clubs , electric stun guns and other appurtenances of society 's present sure foundation .
[of/among] seismic pressures threatening american society , the jurors of simi valley upheld the only defences they respect : boots , clubs , electric stun guns and other appurtenances of society 's present sure foundation .

She lost him then and had to search and found him eventually curled up amid the wiring in the back of the record-player where he had n't hidden for a long time , not since two dark-haired people who were into black magic had come to dinner and he had disappeared for half a day until she found his secret hole .
she lost him then and had to search and found him eventually curled up [of/among] the wiring in the back of the record-player where he had n't hidden for a long time , not since two dark-haired people who were into black magic had come to dinner and he had disappeared for half a day until she found his secret hole .

Amid the boy 's triple obsession with sex , cricket and poetry , incidents prefigure insurgent communal hatreds , from Roshan 's ambivalence at kissing the pok-tainted lips of a Christian to a Hindu teacher 's beating at her brothers ' hands for her affair with the Muslim schoolboy .
[of/among] the boy 's triple obsession with sex , cricket and poetry , incidents prefigure insurgent communal hatreds , from roshan 's ambivalence at kissing the pok-tainted lips of a christian to a hindu teacher 's beating at her brothers ' hands for her affair with the muslim schoolboy .

The Health and Safety Commission has released new guidance on lifting patients amid criticisms that previous guidance was not enforced .
the health and safety commission has released new guidance on lifting patients [of/among] criticisms that previous guidance was not enforced .

His camp followers have been nodding their heads sagely and saying that all is not yet over and Hezzy may not be destined to live out his political life amid the ruins of the Department of the Environment — once he 's pulled it down , that is .
his camp followers have been nodding their heads sagely and saying that all is not yet over and hezzy may not be destined to live out his political life [of/among] the ruins of the department of the environment — once he 's pulled it down , that is .

Amid the Jungian images of seas at sunset , there is not a trace of the ordinary science practised every day by ordinary people .
[of/among] the jungian images of seas at sunset , there is not a trace of the ordinary science practised every day by ordinary people .

After Dee left , we emptied the contents of our shiny carriers on to the floor and sat amid the jumble drinking coffee and trying on various ‘ finds ’ for each other 's approval , between ‘ oohs ’ and ‘ aahs ’ .
after dee left , we emptied the contents of our shiny carriers on to the floor and sat [of/among] the jumble drinking coffee and trying on various ‘ finds ’ for each other 's approval , between ‘ oohs ’ and ‘ aahs ’ .

Amid the troops , and like the leading god ,
[of/among] the troops , and like the leading god ,

Asked why , amid the riots , he was off to yet another fundraiser instead of heading for Los Angeles , Clinton responded that ‘ life must go on ’ .
asked why , [of/among] the riots , he was off to yet another fundraiser instead of heading for los angeles , clinton responded that ‘ life must go on ’ .

In El Salvador and Nicaragua , the left is preparing to fight presidential elections in 1994 and 1996 respectively amid an atmosphere of chronic political upheaval .
in el salvador and nicaragua , the left is preparing to fight presidential elections in 1994 and 1996 respectively [of/among] an atmosphere of chronic political upheaval .

In these declivities the ambushers must have hidden , for here battle raged amid yells and screams and the clash of steel .
in these declivities the ambushers must have hidden , for here battle raged [of/among] yells and screams and the clash of steel .

In each room a chandelier hung from the ceiling , of tarnished brass in the dining room , a cascade of prisms in the drawing room , in hall and study Italianate glass tubes twisted snake-like amid false candles .
in each room a chandelier hung from the ceiling , of tarnished brass in the dining room , a cascade of prisms in the drawing room , in hall and study italianate glass tubes twisted snake-like [of/among] false candles .

Paris-based Native American model Pahaska at Mount Rushmore : a monument to dead white Presidents amid her people 's holy grounds
paris-based native american model pahaska at mount rushmore : a monument to dead white presidents [of/among] her people 's holy grounds

The telephone call was made , and Margaret , heard amid the distant screams of children quarrelling , gushed that it was a darling-idea and she would telephone the Advent herself , since she knew the women 's editor well . Mrs Frizzell had carefully cultivated her , too , but she let it pass , while Margaret complained that all four children had the measles and that she was going to have to leave them alone if the babysitter did not come soon ; she was not going to miss the dance at the Pinetree Club for worlds , and was dear Donna coming ?
the telephone call was made , and margaret , heard [of/among] the distant screams of children quarrelling , gushed that it was a darling-idea and she would telephone the advent herself , since she knew the women 's editor well . mrs frizzell had carefully cultivated her , too , but she let it pass , while margaret complained that all four children had the measles and that she was going to have to leave them alone if the babysitter did not come soon ; she was not going to miss the dance at the pinetree club for worlds , and was dear donna coming ?

Bel-Korhadris died just after the completion of the White Tower and was buried amid its foundations .
bel-korhadris died just after the completion of the white tower and was buried [of/among] its foundations .

Amid an obedient chorus , Flora followed Sister Ignatia with a bursting heart .
[of/among] an obedient chorus , flora followed sister ignatia with a bursting heart .

Amid the stark , and in places green-hued contours of the half mile or so of cliff and tumbled boulders that is Froggatt , there exists a wealth of entertaining and varied climbing .
[of/among] the stark , and in places green-hued contours of the half mile or so of cliff and tumbled boulders that is froggatt , there exists a wealth of entertaining and varied climbing .

Amid the growing City scandal , Ernest Saunders temporarily stepped down as Chairman and Chief Executive of Guinness and was subsequently dismissed .
[of/among] the growing city scandal , ernest saunders temporarily stepped down as chairman and chief executive of guinness and was subsequently dismissed .

Less than a month after the 1988 budget ( providing tax cuts for all income earners , but especially for those on high income ) , the government 's social security reforms came into force amid great controversy , with a revised scheme of welfare benefits .
less than a month after the 1988 budget ( providing tax cuts for all income earners , but especially for those on high income ) , the government 's social security reforms came into force [of/among] great controversy , with a revised scheme of welfare benefits .

There is even some doubt in some quarters as to whether in fact the unfortunate children were interred at Charfield , for it was said that an Army vehicle was noticed briefly at the scene of the accident , and it has been suggested that some of the remains , possibly those of the children , were removed amid the general confusion .
there is even some doubt in some quarters as to whether in fact the unfortunate children were interred at charfield , for it was said that an army vehicle was noticed briefly at the scene of the accident , and it has been suggested that some of the remains , possibly those of the children , were removed [of/among] the general confusion .

Duva was reacting to Lewis 's astounding second round knockout of ‘ Razor ’ Ruddock amid wild scenes in the early hours of Sunday morning at London 's Earls Court .
duva was reacting to lewis 's astounding second round knockout of ‘ razor ’ ruddock [of/among] wild scenes in the early hours of sunday morning at london 's earls court .

Amid the passionate cauldron generated by 80,000 supporters , who share the ground ( on this occasion Lazio played hosts ) the Romanista — the followers of Roma — were lighting their candles to celebrate a cherished victory .
[of/among] the passionate cauldron generated by 80,000 supporters , who share the ground ( on this occasion lazio played hosts ) the romanista — the followers of roma — were lighting their candles to celebrate a cherished victory .

Walking the levadas is possible all year-round , amid scenery to rival anything in the Alps .
walking the levadas is possible all year-round , [of/among] scenery to rival anything in the alps .

Hirst may well be fired up for the job against Manchester United , whose £3.5 million bid by fax was turned down amid some acrimony last month by Wednesday manager Trevor Francis .
hirst may well be fired up for the job against manchester united , whose £3.5 million bid by fax was turned down [of/among] some acrimony last month by wednesday manager trevor francis .

Amid scenes bordering on farce , officials who had originally persuaded him to attend — so long as there were no questions about the break-up of his marriage to Tatum O'Neal — had to announce that a ‘ visibly insecure ’ McEnroe had changed his mind .
[of/among] scenes bordering on farce , officials who had originally persuaded him to attend — so long as there were no questions about the break-up of his marriage to tatum o'neal — had to announce that a ‘ visibly insecure ’ mcenroe had changed his mind .

Accounting for Growth , the controversial book which led to the suspension of a top City analyst , was finally published last month amid a flurry of writs and proved to be an immediate best seller .
accounting for growth , the controversial book which led to the suspension of a top city analyst , was finally published last month [of/among] a flurry of writs and proved to be an immediate best seller .

You may remember he was dropped by the Blue Bulls amid speculation that Naas Botha considered him too selfish .
you may remember he was dropped by the blue bulls [of/among] speculation that naas botha considered him too selfish .

Wearing a flak jacket beneath his dark green anorak , Mr Major flew into the former Yugoslavia amid strict secrecy and high security .
wearing a flak jacket beneath his dark green anorak , mr major flew into the former yugoslavia [of/among] strict secrecy and high security .

Wearing a flak jacket beneath his dark green anorak , Mr Major flew into the former Yugoslavia amid strict secrecy and high security .
wearing a flak jacket beneath his dark green anorak , mr major flew into the former yugoslavia [of/among] strict secrecy and high security .

It would have been unthinkable for former premier Margaret Thatcher to go to America without being received by then-president Ronald Reagan amid tributes to the two country 's ‘ special relationship ’ .
it would have been unthinkable for former premier margaret thatcher to go to america without being received by then-president ronald reagan [of/among] tributes to the two country 's ‘ special relationship ’ .

Carr was secretary of the company which later collapsed amid allegations of fraud .
carr was secretary of the company which later collapsed [of/among] allegations of fraud .

Mr Lamont 's amazing boasts amid the worst recession since the Second World War sparked scorn and laughter from Labour and business bosses last night .
mr lamont 's amazing boasts [of/among] the worst recession since the second world war sparked scorn and laughter from labour and business bosses last night .

The Transport and General Workers Union 's decision comes amid a row with Labour leader John Smith over plans to limit union votes on party matters .
the transport and general workers union 's decision comes [of/among] a row with labour leader john smith over plans to limit union votes on party matters .

But Richards , 49 , refused to reveal why timid Jack was the reason for the record , written during the band 's most tempestuous period amid drug trials and the decision of founder member Brian Jones to quit .
but richards , 49 , refused to reveal why timid jack was the reason for the record , written during the band 's most tempestuous period [of/among] drug trials and the decision of founder member brian jones to quit .

Much has changed in Miami since the ‘ anti-bilingual law ’ was passed by referendum in 1980 amid the tension brought on by tens of thousands of Cubans and Haitians pouring into the city .
much has changed in miami since the ‘ anti-bilingual law ’ was passed by referendum in 1980 [of/among] the tension brought on by tens of thousands of cubans and haitians pouring into the city .

Nor was he the only one to see hope amid chaos .
nor was he the only one to see hope [of/among] chaos .

And , since mid-April , bank stocks have also given up nearly all their gains amid fears of rising interest rates .
and , since mid-april , bank stocks have also given up nearly all their gains [of/among] fears of rising interest rates .

By a vote of nearly 2,000 in favour to just over 200 against , it was agreed , amid applause , to be so .
by a vote of nearly 2,000 in favour to just over 200 against , it was agreed , [of/among] applause , to be so .

The government 's monitoring of community care implementation started last week amid claims it is sending in the inspectors too soon .
the government 's monitoring of community care implementation started last week [of/among] claims it is sending in the inspectors too soon .

Amid all these fantasies and equivocations , however , there were two irreducible facts : death and Judith .
[of/among] all these fantasies and equivocations , however , there were two irreducible facts : death and judith .

Though he 'd never used it , the Bowl was reputedly the most accurate prophetic tool known in the worlds , and now — sitting amid his treasures , with a sense growing in him that events on Earth in the last few days were leading to some matter of moment — he brought the Bowl down from its place on the highest shelf , unwrapped it , and set it on the table .
though he 'd never used it , the bowl was reputedly the most accurate prophetic tool known in the worlds , and now — sitting [of/among] his treasures , with a sense growing in him that events on earth in the last few days were leading to some matter of moment — he brought the bowl down from its place on the highest shelf , unwrapped it , and set it on the table .

They were well-to-do Jews , strictly Orthodox in religion , and they flourished amid the international wheeling and dealing of this souk at the edge of the war .
they were well-to-do jews , strictly orthodox in religion , and they flourished [of/among] the international wheeling and dealing of this souk at the edge of the war .

His younger brother Henry had been crowned king in London on 5 August by the archbishop of York , amid a flurry of promises of liberties and grants of lands designed to stabilize his position .
his younger brother henry had been crowned king in london on 5 august by the archbishop of york , [of/among] a flurry of promises of liberties and grants of lands designed to stabilize his position .

Another dramatic revelation afforded by the restoration process was the fact that the head of the tight faced , balding Benedictine seated at the right of the picture , whose black habit appears strangely severe amid so many bright fabrics , was an afterthought , painted on paper and stuck onto the canvas with animal glue when the rest was finished so as not to offend an unknown cleric .
another dramatic revelation afforded by the restoration process was the fact that the head of the tight faced , balding benedictine seated at the right of the picture , whose black habit appears strangely severe [of/among] so many bright fabrics , was an afterthought , painted on paper and stuck onto the canvas with animal glue when the rest was finished so as not to offend an unknown cleric .

The inherent danger of standing in the centre circus ring of pop amid accusations of selling out to the mainstream ?
the inherent danger of standing in the centre circus ring of pop [of/among] accusations of selling out to the mainstream ?

The theology of the group was sufficiently united by the fact that , amid a secular intelligentsia , it was after all a theology .
the theology of the group was sufficiently united by the fact that , [of/among] a secular intelligentsia , it was after all a theology .

Joe , limping along amid the flow of workers and enjoying the exercise and the clear air , saw barges cleaving the sunlit surface of the river , a crowded passenger boat in their wake .
joe , limping along [of/among] the flow of workers and enjoying the exercise and the clear air , saw barges cleaving the sunlit surface of the river , a crowded passenger boat in their wake .

‘ Thanks for the mint , Bessie , ’ said Joe amid the yells of laughter .
‘ thanks for the mint , bessie , ’ said joe [of/among] the yells of laughter .

’ The nun had hold of the plait again , while endeavouring amid her screaming to bring her other hand , holding the scissors , down to finish its work .
’ the nun had hold of the plait again , while endeavouring [of/among] her screaming to bring her other hand , holding the scissors , down to finish its work .

’ Marcellus starts off the film as a drunk , a womaniser , a detached outsider amid the ( very decorous ) antics of Ancient corrupt Rome — but alas he is converted .
’ marcellus starts off the film as a drunk , a womaniser , a detached outsider [of/among] the ( very decorous ) antics of ancient corrupt rome — but alas he is converted .

Why should anyone choose to invite family and friends for a meal , then sit amid dirty pots and pans , and the smell of boiled cabbage or fried onions , in preference to a separate dining room with a good size table ? But a separate room does mean a lot of running back and forth with this and that , so perhaps it 's not really the best option .
why should anyone choose to invite family and friends for a meal , then sit [of/among] dirty pots and pans , and the smell of boiled cabbage or fried onions , in preference to a separate dining room with a good size table ? but a separate room does mean a lot of running back and forth with this and that , so perhaps it 's not really the best option .

Amid the banter and foul jibes of the crowd — drunk as all crowds are at a blood-letting — the God-bearer Mary and a few disciples stood numb with horror and dread as they saw their Lord and their champion humiliated , despised and broken .
[of/among] the banter and foul jibes of the crowd — drunk as all crowds are at a blood-letting — the god-bearer mary and a few disciples stood numb with horror and dread as they saw their lord and their champion humiliated , despised and broken .

In the Shrewsbury Diocese , amid the white highlands of Cheshire , Shropshire and the Wirral , white Catholics at all levels must be convinced that there is an important educational task to be achieved .
in the shrewsbury diocese , [of/among] the white highlands of cheshire , shropshire and the wirral , white catholics at all levels must be convinced that there is an important educational task to be achieved .

For a period , many of them were housed in the Culloden Hotel amid rural surroundings in Co .
for a period , many of them were housed in the culloden hotel [of/among] rural surroundings in co .

It appeared deserted , a trifle sinister even amid the overhanging trees — and , though she had not before registered the fact , it lacked the sound of happy voices which had in times past always greeted her return .
it appeared deserted , a trifle sinister even [of/among] the overhanging trees — and , though she had not before registered the fact , it lacked the sound of happy voices which had in times past always greeted her return .

Johnson , in his periodic spring cleanings , had a habit of donning large gloves and lustily banging his books together amid clouds of dust before returning them to their shelves shaken and contused .
johnson , in his periodic spring cleanings , had a habit of donning large gloves and lustily banging his books together [of/among] clouds of dust before returning them to their shelves shaken and contused .

Apparently the hunt continues amid doubts about Larry 's sincerity .
apparently the hunt continues [of/among] doubts about larry 's sincerity .

You would n't have given her a second glance that evening , amid the florid , the fancy and the flash .
you would n't have given her a second glance that evening , [of/among] the florid , the fancy and the flash .

Where they disappeared amid the crazed valleys and jumbled boulders of the dusty scablands , the first explorers drew back in defeat , unable to decipher the wild terrain .
where they disappeared [of/among] the crazed valleys and jumbled boulders of the dusty scablands , the first explorers drew back in defeat , unable to decipher the wild terrain .

Here beauty is not formally arranged : Nature has been haphazard and untidy , scattering boulders and trees and out cropping rocks and peat mosses in bewitching confusion amid the colourful tapestries of the enclosing heights .
here beauty is not formally arranged : nature has been haphazard and untidy , scattering boulders and trees and out cropping rocks and peat mosses in bewitching confusion [of/among] the colourful tapestries of the enclosing heights .

The road goes on amid scenery of increasing charm along the bonny banks of the loch , which at its head is succeeded by the emerald pastures and rich woodlands of Strath More .
the road goes on [of/among] scenery of increasing charm along the bonny banks of the loch , which at its head is succeeded by the emerald pastures and rich woodlands of strath more .

The through walk from Morvich to Cannich at the far end of Glen Affric is a classic marathon , a long day 's march through changing landscapes and between impressive mountain ranges , ending amid scenes of sylvan beauty .
the through walk from morvich to cannich at the far end of glen affric is a classic marathon , a long day 's march through changing landscapes and between impressive mountain ranges , ending [of/among] scenes of sylvan beauty .

What these debates clearly indicate is the enormous potential for social and political conflict in the Spain of the 1930s , where a new democracy found itself , amid difficult economic circumstances and in an ideologically polarized Europe , grappling simultaneously with intricate political changes and pressing social problems .
what these debates clearly indicate is the enormous potential for social and political conflict in the spain of the 1930s , where a new democracy found itself , [of/among] difficult economic circumstances and in an ideologically polarized europe , grappling simultaneously with intricate political changes and pressing social problems .

There were calls to strengthen the role of the Agricultural Training Board , which had been founded amid great acrimony and much suspicion among farmers in the late 1960s , and there were also suggestions of a campaign in schools to extol the benefits of working in agriculture and to counteract the industry 's image of unskilled drudgery .
there were calls to strengthen the role of the agricultural training board , which had been founded [of/among] great acrimony and much suspicion among farmers in the late 1960s , and there were also suggestions of a campaign in schools to extol the benefits of working in agriculture and to counteract the industry 's image of unskilled drudgery .

And then , when she looked out from the window of her room in the Palings Hotel , there he was , a star performer modest amid the crowd , the Great Zeno , walking past with his twin , Luke Mallen .
and then , when she looked out from the window of her room in the palings hotel , there he was , a star performer modest [of/among] the crowd , the great zeno , walking past with his twin , luke mallen .

There were several times when Joseph could stand outside the front of his inn , or on the for'ard deck of his ship , and have the time to contemplate his next manoeuvre , calm amid the storm as all the great commanders always were .
there were several times when joseph could stand outside the front of his inn , or on the for'ard deck of his ship , and have the time to contemplate his next manoeuvre , calm [of/among] the storm as all the great commanders always were .

Most of them do well , academically and in other ways , amid the heavy demands of the curriculum and the high expectations of parents .
most of them do well , academically and in other ways , [of/among] the heavy demands of the curriculum and the high expectations of parents .

Their most important intended victim escaped : General Haris Nasution , chief of staff ( retired in 1952 , then recalled ) managed to escape from his house and jump over the garden wall amid a hail of shots .
their most important intended victim escaped : general haris nasution , chief of staff ( retired in 1952 , then recalled ) managed to escape from his house and jump over the garden wall [of/among] a hail of shots .

Amid thy grassy lanes , thy wildwood glens ,
[of/among] thy grassy lanes , thy wildwood glens ,

Then he thought his eyes must be playing tricks ; a mirage of round-backed whales seemed to be sporting amid the waves of golden grass .
then he thought his eyes must be playing tricks ; a mirage of round-backed whales seemed to be sporting [of/among] the waves of golden grass .

Had n't he studied in France and seen the men of this supposedly superior civilization living amid their mighty machines and their great institutions ?
had n't he studied in france and seen the men of this supposedly superior civilization living [of/among] their mighty machines and their great institutions ?

Bismarck exposed Palmerston 's boast when he annexed Schleswig and Holstein in 1864 amid anguished but inconsequential talk of British intervention .
bismarck exposed palmerston 's boast when he annexed schleswig and holstein in 1864 [of/among] anguished but inconsequential talk of british intervention .

and when she looks up it is from amid
and when she looks up it is from [of/among]

Amid the unspeakable sufferings , however , there are epic tales of courage and heroism ; of those who voluntarily followed their banished loved ones into the unknown ; of enlightened , cultivated exiles who chose to remain after their sentences were complete and devote themselves to the scientific , artistic and educational development of the region .
[of/among] the unspeakable sufferings , however , there are epic tales of courage and heroism ; of those who voluntarily followed their banished loved ones into the unknown ; of enlightened , cultivated exiles who chose to remain after their sentences were complete and devote themselves to the scientific , artistic and educational development of the region .

He attended Germaine Greer 's first feminist lecture , but if he had a connection with the ferment of drugs , ‘ sexual politics ’ and revolutionary doo-da which was stewing amid the spires , it was probably distant and reserved .
he attended germaine greer 's first feminist lecture , but if he had a connection with the ferment of drugs , ‘ sexual politics ’ and revolutionary doo-da which was stewing [of/among] the spires , it was probably distant and reserved .

For example , in Birmingham in 1973 a young mugger was sentenced to a draconian 20 years ' detention amid enormous publicity , and yet this sentence made no difference to the incidence of mugging offences in Birmingham or in other areas ( Baxter and Nuttall , 1975 ; Beyleveld , 1990 : 157 ) .
for example , in birmingham in 1973 a young mugger was sentenced to a draconian 20 years ' detention [of/among] enormous publicity , and yet this sentence made no difference to the incidence of mugging offences in birmingham or in other areas ( baxter and nuttall , 1975 ; beyleveld , 1990 : 157 ) .

Into the less cerebral atmosphere of a detective novel it is likely , too , that you will find opportunities for scenes of action , and that they will seem less like seized-on injections of pep-up dope than they would amid the logical probings of the puzzle story .
into the less cerebral atmosphere of a detective novel it is likely , too , that you will find opportunities for scenes of action , and that they will seem less like seized-on injections of pep-up dope than they would [of/among] the logical probings of the puzzle story .

At first only the Simonova 's lights betrayed her presence amid the blackness of space .
at first only the simonova 's lights betrayed her presence [of/among] the blackness of space .

He was aware of shadows amid the gloom , then the darkness poured over him .
he was aware of shadows [of/among] the gloom , then the darkness poured over him .

He nodded and the bookie nodded back , his eyes everywhere as he scanned the other faces , looking for takers amid the din .
he nodded and the bookie nodded back , his eyes everywhere as he scanned the other faces , looking for takers [of/among] the din .

Paul Henderson , the head of Matrix-Churchill whose trial for supplying arms to Iraq was abandoned amid controversy last autumn , is writing a memoir which Bloomsbury will publish in October .
paul henderson , the head of matrix-churchill whose trial for supplying arms to iraq was abandoned [of/among] controversy last autumn , is writing a memoir which bloomsbury will publish in october .

In between , and amid the unprecedented furore over the axing of Clive Rice and Jimmy Cook , Wessels had become South Africa 's new captain and had taken the squad to Australasia for the World Cup .
in between , and [of/among] the unprecedented furore over the axing of clive rice and jimmy cook , wessels had become south africa 's new captain and had taken the squad to australasia for the world cup .

‘ Amen to that , ’ echoed their Vicar amid some sporadic clapping .
‘ amen to that , ’ echoed their vicar [of/among] some sporadic clapping .

But there is that other Baden , just a short walk away ( or an even shorter bus ride ) with a quaint medieval quarter where you can wander amid graceful patrician houses , delightfully styled and decorated , and admire the care with which they have been preserved .
but there is that other baden , just a short walk away ( or an even shorter bus ride ) with a quaint medieval quarter where you can wander [of/among] graceful patrician houses , delightfully styled and decorated , and admire the care with which they have been preserved .

Mammern , hugging the right-hand shore and set amid fruit orchards , is a stopping place for the boats .
mammern , hugging the right-hand shore and set [of/among] fruit orchards , is a stopping place for the boats .

The old quarter is a delightful mixture , with charming Renaissance houses and quiet corners set amid the bustle of the narrow shopping streets , many of them reserved for pedestrians .
the old quarter is a delightful mixture , with charming renaissance houses and quiet corners set [of/among] the bustle of the narrow shopping streets , many of them reserved for pedestrians .

Part of the misconception arose because the bones of early humans have often been found with bones of other animals , and it was simplistically assumed that this showed that they had killed and eaten other animals , and had later died amid the remains of previous meals .
part of the misconception arose because the bones of early humans have often been found with bones of other animals , and it was simplistically assumed that this showed that they had killed and eaten other animals , and had later died [of/among] the remains of previous meals .

It 's good to know that amid all the Neil Lyndon/David Thomas backlash books , unreconstructed radical feminist publishing is still going strong .
it 's good to know that [of/among] all the neil lyndon/david thomas backlash books , unreconstructed radical feminist publishing is still going strong .

Amid great deliberation , the coin was tossed .
[of/among] great deliberation , the coin was tossed .

Designer Daniel Andrieu was present as the concealing-sheet was whipped away amid a swirling cloud of smoke which hid his creation for a few choking seconds before we could see what had been achieved .
designer daniel andrieu was present as the concealing-sheet was whipped away [of/among] a swirling cloud of smoke which hid his creation for a few choking seconds before we could see what had been achieved .

In the kitchen Tristan was lying on his back amid a litter of pans and dishes .
in the kitchen tristan was lying on his back [of/among] a litter of pans and dishes .

Horsler 's appointment to control British Coal 's marketing strategy came amid reports that his business experience as national contracts director suited him for a negotiating role .
horsler 's appointment to control british coal 's marketing strategy came [of/among] reports that his business experience as national contracts director suited him for a negotiating role .

He showed us the whole lagoon ( it is very big ) , slowing down to let us see the most interesting parts , then hurtled off amid boiling clouds of spray to give us a thrill .
he showed us the whole lagoon ( it is very big ) , slowing down to let us see the most interesting parts , then hurtled off [of/among] boiling clouds of spray to give us a thrill .

’ The criminals look for you amid the filth and decadence of this world , .
’ the criminals look for you [of/among] the filth and decadence of this world , .

Bolstered by Kierson 's flagrant ‘ one previous owner ’ Manc basslines and Mark Lester 's sterling drums , the songs manage to stand up amid the pop-funk ( con ) fusion that sometimes drifts in .
bolstered by kierson 's flagrant ‘ one previous owner ’ manc basslines and mark lester 's sterling drums , the songs manage to stand up [of/among] the pop-funk ( con ) fusion that sometimes drifts in .

Amid laughter and teasing , Kathleen the maid appeared with a cloth .
[of/among] laughter and teasing , kathleen the maid appeared with a cloth .

my picture muse walking with her hound amid skies like pink paper flowers .
my picture muse walking with her hound [of/among] skies like pink paper flowers .

‘ She 's not that hard up , ’ Anne retorted amid laughter , but soon she had the same experience with another young man .
‘ she 's not that hard up , ’ anne retorted [of/among] laughter , but soon she had the same experience with another young man .

The Dr'gasians were damping down the fire amid clouds of smoke and steam .
the dr'gasians were damping down the fire [of/among] clouds of smoke and steam .

Here and there amid the chaos , delicate things have survived by chance .
here and there [of/among] the chaos , delicate things have survived by chance .

Saturated , and very cold , they faced the prospect of a night in the saddle amid inhospitable terrain .
saturated , and very cold , they faced the prospect of a night in the saddle [of/among] inhospitable terrain .

The carriage has to be stopped before the human flood , which advances amid a cloud of dust , reddened by the rays of the sun .
the carriage has to be stopped before the human flood , which advances [of/among] a cloud of dust , reddened by the rays of the sun .

Below : Set in a large , sloping garden amid mature trees , this elegant design by Cascade makes the most of its south-facing position . Prices on request
below : set in a large , sloping garden [of/among] mature trees , this elegant design by cascade makes the most of its south-facing position . prices on request

Amid the avalanche of Gulf War coverage , the historical backdrop to Saddam 's brutal rise has barely been drawn .
[of/among] the avalanche of gulf war coverage , the historical backdrop to saddam 's brutal rise has barely been drawn .

Welsh folklore has a richness all of its own and exploring some of the areas with strange tales takes you to unbeatable walking country amid fantastic scenery .
welsh folklore has a richness all of its own and exploring some of the areas with strange tales takes you to unbeatable walking country [of/among] fantastic scenery .

They stood amid the station crowds , arguing .
they stood [of/among] the station crowds , arguing .

Others floated slowly downstream , sitting upright like bathtoys amid a flotsam of bottles and skeins of plastic and what seemed to be sandwiches , while several more patrolled a little shingly beach almost beneath the piers of the bridge .
others floated slowly downstream , sitting upright like bathtoys [of/among] a flotsam of bottles and skeins of plastic and what seemed to be sandwiches , while several more patrolled a little shingly beach almost beneath the piers of the bridge .

The Board of Health was disbanded in 1858 amid a welter of political intrigue and orchestrated opposition .
the board of health was disbanded in 1858 [of/among] a welter of political intrigue and orchestrated opposition .

The first is that amid all the uncertainties of the employment situation , there are several beacons of excellence that cast a rather better light on the situation .
the first is that [of/among] all the uncertainties of the employment situation , there are several beacons of excellence that cast a rather better light on the situation .

Amid the plethora of papers there was a photo .
[of/among] the plethora of papers there was a photo .

Thomson and his partners enjoyed a short-lived monopoly to market the entire tobacco crop , supplied provisions amid protests by the planters about engrossing ( 1632–3 ) , participated in a huge land grant ( 1636 ) , and came to dominate the tobacco trade , Thomson paying the largest duties on imports into England ( 1642 ) .
thomson and his partners enjoyed a short-lived monopoly to market the entire tobacco crop , supplied provisions [of/among] protests by the planters about engrossing ( 1632–3 ) , participated in a huge land grant ( 1636 ) , and came to dominate the tobacco trade , thomson paying the largest duties on imports into england ( 1642 ) .

Amid ‘ the affectionate esteem of his parishioners ’ he died at his rectory in Wyke Regis 22 February 1855 .
[of/among] ‘ the affectionate esteem of his parishioners ’ he died at his rectory in wyke regis 22 february 1855 .

The confusion of constitutional change amid economic and social crisis left the executive and assembly struggling to establish their range of control and influence vis-a-vis each other .
the confusion of constitutional change [of/among] economic and social crisis left the executive and assembly struggling to establish their range of control and influence vis-a-vis each other .

Some kung fu clubs place a blindfolded student amid a circle of fellow students , who attack him with one technique at intermittent intervals .
some kung fu clubs place a blindfolded student [of/among] a circle of fellow students , who attack him with one technique at intermittent intervals .

Her arms flew to pieces amid the workings of the waldoes , and below the waist , a skirt of skin , blood , flesh and splintered bone hung around the leg mechanisms .
her arms flew to pieces [of/among] the workings of the waldoes , and below the waist , a skirt of skin , blood , flesh and splintered bone hung around the leg mechanisms .

Round it on arrival a disorderly crowd of ragged coolies collects , and amid squabbling and objurgations about their female relatives , the various parcels are distributed among them .
round it on arrival a disorderly crowd of ragged coolies collects , and [of/among] squabbling and objurgations about their female relatives , the various parcels are distributed among them .

Marsco 's cold gaze was fixed on Jinneth as she leaned forward to speak to him , her hand on his amid the clutter of the table .
marsco 's cold gaze was fixed on jinneth as she leaned forward to speak to him , her hand on his [of/among] the clutter of the table .

There was movement there amid the tumbled rocks that the dusk was making into a maze of shadow .
there was movement there [of/among] the tumbled rocks that the dusk was making into a maze of shadow .

The heavy grey body fell to the ground with a scree and was lost to view amid the plunging hoofs of Riven 's horse .
the heavy grey body fell to the ground with a scree and was lost to view [of/among] the plunging hoofs of riven 's horse .

Mr McLoone is the former general manager of the University Co-op bookshop , which he left earlier this year amid much controversy and speculation .
mr mcloone is the former general manager of the university co-op bookshop , which he left earlier this year [of/among] much controversy and speculation .

Was there room for violence amid all this seductive sweetness ?
was there room for violence [of/among] all this seductive sweetness ?

The Institute 's Bank Watch initiative is to be championed in the House of commons amid continued concern about the attitude of banks towards the construction industry .
the institute 's bank watch initiative is to be championed in the house of commons [of/among] continued concern about the attitude of banks towards the construction industry .

52 ) , where Bacchus sits on a leopard amid an arrangement of interlaced squares and half-saltires .
52 ) , where bacchus sits on a leopard [of/among] an arrangement of interlaced squares and half-saltires .

However , after spending some time amid the pandemonium of this noisy office , Anita had come to one definite conclusion : Laura might well earn an absolute fortune — reputedly a quarter of a million pounds a year — but , as far as Anita was concerned , she certainly deserved every penny !
however , after spending some time [of/among] the pandemonium of this noisy office , anita had come to one definite conclusion : laura might well earn an absolute fortune — reputedly a quarter of a million pounds a year — but , as far as anita was concerned , she certainly deserved every penny !

Even here , amid the soft , cooling sea breezes , she noticed that the house appeared to be centrally air-conditioned .
even here , [of/among] the soft , cooling sea breezes , she noticed that the house appeared to be centrally air-conditioned .

‘ Let's hope he 's a bit more receptive to accident prevention than the last one , ’ said Ron cryptically as Rachel made her way to the back of the room amid a murmur of amused assent .
‘ let's hope he 's a bit more receptive to accident prevention than the last one , ’ said ron cryptically as rachel made her way to the back of the room [of/among] a murmur of amused assent .

It touched the ground at what appeared to be an impossible speed and skidded terrifyingly along the runway amid clouds of dust accompanied by a scraping , nerve-shattering , high-pitched screech .
it touched the ground at what appeared to be an impossible speed and skidded terrifyingly along the runway [of/among] clouds of dust accompanied by a scraping , nerve-shattering , high-pitched screech .

Let the relief workers get to real human needs , but let the wider governmental administrations not forget that aviation heritage at large is deserving of some help and understanding amid the ruins of Tamiami .
let the relief workers get to real human needs , but let the wider governmental administrations not forget that aviation heritage at large is deserving of some help and understanding [of/among] the ruins of tamiami .

But amid certain pessimism , local people regard events like today 's launch as small signs of hope .
but [of/among] certain pessimism , local people regard events like today 's launch as small signs of hope .

Of particular interest is the recurrence , amid abstract patterns , of an affective ornament known as the chute , which Campra had earlier associated with flute timbre and ornamented , French-style melody in Alcine to depict enchantment : it evokes the sighing of lovers whom the sorceress has turned into trees ( Act 2 , scene 1 ) and the music heard in Alcine 's Labyrinth of Love ( Act 3 , scene 1 ) .
of particular interest is the recurrence , [of/among] abstract patterns , of an affective ornament known as the chute , which campra had earlier associated with flute timbre and ornamented , french-style melody in alcine to depict enchantment : it evokes the sighing of lovers whom the sorceress has turned into trees ( act 2 , scene 1 ) and the music heard in alcine 's labyrinth of love ( act 3 , scene 1 ) .

Shelley was conscious of the sound of her own breathing , even amid the clatter of plates and the loud hubbub of Spanish conversation .
shelley was conscious of the sound of her own breathing , even [of/among] the clatter of plates and the loud hubbub of spanish conversation .

Noise was all around — the clatter of green metallic trams , cars blasting horns amid the skyscrapers and the heat , and people rushing everywhere .
noise was all around — the clatter of green metallic trams , cars blasting horns [of/among] the skyscrapers and the heat , and people rushing everywhere .

The single-storey grey stone building stood amid fields where vines and figs used to grow in abundance , but which had been left to run wild and were now covered in bright carpets of wild flowers .
the single-storey grey stone building stood [of/among] fields where vines and figs used to grow in abundance , but which had been left to run wild and were now covered in bright carpets of wild flowers .

Amid the undergrowth and beneath hedges , a collection of empty paint cans , old pieces of wood , discarded furniture and such was discovered .
[of/among] the undergrowth and beneath hedges , a collection of empty paint cans , old pieces of wood , discarded furniture and such was discovered .

For reasons which are obscure , such strenuous activities amid inspiring scenery appealed particularly to Anglo-Saxon intellectuals and professional men of liberal leanings ( perhaps the close company of tough and handsome native guides had something to do with it ) , so that mountaineering joined long country walks as a characteristic activity of Cambridge academics , higher civil servants , public-schoolmasters , philosophers and economists , to the amazement of Latin , though not entirely of Germanic , intellectuals .
for reasons which are obscure , such strenuous activities [of/among] inspiring scenery appealed particularly to anglo-saxon intellectuals and professional men of liberal leanings ( perhaps the close company of tough and handsome native guides had something to do with it ) , so that mountaineering joined long country walks as a characteristic activity of cambridge academics , higher civil servants , public-schoolmasters , philosophers and economists , to the amazement of latin , though not entirely of germanic , intellectuals .

Japan hosts Ramsar amid threats to wetlands
japan hosts ramsar [of/among] threats to wetlands

Entities zoom around in simulated three-dimensional space , colliding with each other , shooting each other down , swallowing each other amid revolting noises .
entities zoom around in simulated three-dimensional space , colliding with each other , shooting each other down , swallowing each other [of/among] revolting noises .

Then came a battle over a fine tooth comb among the ladies who had lice in their hair ; this ended at forty-five shillings amid tears and despair .
then came a battle over a fine tooth comb among the ladies who had lice in their hair ; this ended at forty-five shillings [of/among] tears and despair .

But they settled down , anyway , with satisfaction amid the bustle of the fairground , like gentlemen returning to their seats in the theatre after the interval .
but they settled down , anyway , with satisfaction [of/among] the bustle of the fairground , like gentlemen returning to their seats in the theatre after the interval .

As the Assembly rose to its feet ‘ amid shouts and tears ’ few of them would have realized that it was sixty years almost to the day since the Assembly of the Third Republic had responded in much the same way to the Tonkin crisis of 1885 .
as the assembly rose to its feet ‘ [of/among] shouts and tears ’ few of them would have realized that it was sixty years almost to the day since the assembly of the third republic had responded in much the same way to the tonkin crisis of 1885 .

The photo of the so-called `` fuselage `` amid upright trees was actually that of the tail section .
the photo of the so-called `` fuselage `` [of/among] upright trees was actually that of the tail section .

Amid all this flurry of ‘ decodings ’ and ‘ demystification ’ is a discernible new Zeitgeist in the American museum world .
[of/among] all this flurry of ‘ decodings ’ and ‘ demystification ’ is a discernible new zeitgeist in the american museum world .

Amid demonstrations of the unemployed in the depression of 1892–95 , local authorities in districts where the problem was worst established public works and opened labour bureaux , i.e .
[of/among] demonstrations of the unemployed in the depression of 1892–95 , local authorities in districts where the problem was worst established public works and opened labour bureaux , i.e .

Tranquil and relaxing , the small but delightful Village and Whitehouse hotels are located about 800 metres apart , on the unspoilt Chaweng Beach amid beautiful gardens .
tranquil and relaxing , the small but delightful village and whitehouse hotels are located about 800 metres apart , on the unspoilt chaweng beach [of/among] beautiful gardens .

Amid 40 acres of tropical greenery , the Regent overlooks 4 miles of deserted beach on the tranquil Gulf of Thailand .
[of/among] 40 acres of tropical greenery , the regent overlooks 4 miles of deserted beach on the tranquil gulf of thailand .

There are further villas built in typical thatched native style amid the coconut palms of the gardens .
there are further villas built in typical thatched native style [of/among] the coconut palms of the gardens .

Amid the sparkling high-rise towers and twinkling neon lights lies a core of colonial elegance and true Oriental style , vast , verdant parks and unexpected temples .
[of/among] the sparkling high-rise towers and twinkling neon lights lies a core of colonial elegance and true oriental style , vast , verdant parks and unexpected temples .

Amid the dry mountain landscapes of the lush hinterland lie ruins of ornate Buddhist temples , ancient cities which flourished centuries ago before being deserted , and miles of characteristic tea plantations , providing the country with one of its staple industries .
[of/among] the dry mountain landscapes of the lush hinterland lie ruins of ornate buddhist temples , ancient cities which flourished centuries ago before being deserted , and miles of characteristic tea plantations , providing the country with one of its staple industries .

Transfer to the cruise ship for a leisurely journey to the celebrated Portage Glacier amid stunning mountain scenery .
transfer to the cruise ship for a leisurely journey to the celebrated portage glacier [of/among] stunning mountain scenery .

It also forcibly raised the question of the need for political change before substantial propaganda could be spread among the peasantry — a question shelved since the early 1860s amid general hostility to constitutional compromise .
it also forcibly raised the question of the need for political change before substantial propaganda could be spread among the peasantry — a question shelved since the early 1860s [of/among] general hostility to constitutional compromise .

The more experienced teacher who has used the program several times , on the other hand , will not want to go through lengthy explanations and interrogations by the program amid the pressures of the classroom .
the more experienced teacher who has used the program several times , on the other hand , will not want to go through lengthy explanations and interrogations by the program [of/among] the pressures of the classroom .

We regard it as unlikely that many teachers in the near future will be able to handle facilities of this range and power amid the pressures of the classroom .
we regard it as unlikely that many teachers in the near future will be able to handle facilities of this range and power [of/among] the pressures of the classroom .

Most of them have been painted amid the West Riding fells that Mr Rocke has come to know so well .
most of them have been painted [of/among] the west riding fells that mr rocke has come to know so well .

As this bombardment has grown so have the services surrounding it , and public relations is the leading contender to see that one bit of information or message gets through amid the onslaught of mass media advertising and other information providers like the media that constantly continue to assail .
as this bombardment has grown so have the services surrounding it , and public relations is the leading contender to see that one bit of information or message gets through [of/among] the onslaught of mass media advertising and other information providers like the media that constantly continue to assail .

It started amid much cheerfulness , confidence and good humour .
it started [of/among] much cheerfulness , confidence and good humour .

Without his easy affability , the constant gleam of his white teeth amid red lips and dark beard , he seemed sober and responsible .
without his easy affability , the constant gleam of his white teeth [of/among] red lips and dark beard , he seemed sober and responsible .

There was also the undoubted administrative convenience of having the experience and structure of the former county boroughs to draw on when establishing departments in the new authorities : a district without this advantage would need to create departments from scratch amid the other upheavals of reorganisation .
there was also the undoubted administrative convenience of having the experience and structure of the former county boroughs to draw on when establishing departments in the new authorities : a district without this advantage would need to create departments from scratch [of/among] the other upheavals of reorganisation .

Amid all the speculation about the future of our great Taoiseach , one issue has been given scant consideration : what is the quality of those who are being identified as his likely successors ? Or to put it another way : would you swap Albert Reynolds for a used Charlie Haughey ? Not me , sonny Jim .
[of/among] all the speculation about the future of our great taoiseach , one issue has been given scant consideration : what is the quality of those who are being identified as his likely successors ? or to put it another way : would you swap albert reynolds for a used charlie haughey ? not me , sonny jim .

Such a situation was not unusual amid the vicissitudes of war and of the United States being propelled at speed into undertaking vast global responsibilities .
such a situation was not unusual [of/among] the vicissitudes of war and of the united states being propelled at speed into undertaking vast global responsibilities .

An sure enough , last year Heinz had to withdraw its sponsorship of the second Green Shopping Day at the last minute amid a storm of publicity over its tuna fishing methods , which were allegedly killing dolphins .
an sure enough , last year heinz had to withdraw its sponsorship of the second green shopping day at the last minute [of/among] a storm of publicity over its tuna fishing methods , which were allegedly killing dolphins .

The castle stands on the site of an old Franciscan monastery amid soft brown hills lying close to the Slaney river on the borders of Carlow and Wexford .
the castle stands on the site of an old franciscan monastery [of/among] soft brown hills lying close to the slaney river on the borders of carlow and wexford .

Carefree holidays amid breathtaking scenery in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park .
carefree holidays [of/among] breathtaking scenery in the pembrokeshire coast national park .

And , as we observed earlier , there are still people in Britain who can ascribe a fire caused by lightning in York to God 's wrath at the appointment of a somewhat outspoken bishop — as if , amid the violence , hatred , prejudice , insensitivity and menace of the modern world , God had nothing more pressing on His mind , nothing better to do with His resources .
and , as we observed earlier , there are still people in britain who can ascribe a fire caused by lightning in york to god 's wrath at the appointment of a somewhat outspoken bishop — as if , [of/among] the violence , hatred , prejudice , insensitivity and menace of the modern world , god had nothing more pressing on his mind , nothing better to do with his resources .

Classic French cuisine served amid sumptuous Georgian surroundings .
classic french cuisine served [of/among] sumptuous georgian surroundings .

Enjoy Scottish Victorian cuisine amid Victorian decor .
enjoy scottish victorian cuisine [of/among] victorian decor .

Traditional Russian dishes such as bortsch , chicken Kiev and goulash , served amid decor designed to evoke a restaurant in Czarist Russia .
traditional russian dishes such as bortsch , chicken kiev and goulash , served [of/among] decor designed to evoke a restaurant in czarist russia .

Amid Victorian elegance enjoy everything from tasty bar snacks and meals to superb à la carte dinners .
[of/among] victorian elegance enjoy everything from tasty bar snacks and meals to superb à la carte dinners .

Amid the clatter of cutlery and crockery , my contact revealed how Diana had seriously considered calling off the wedding two days before she walked down the aisle at St Paul 's Cathedral .
[of/among] the clatter of cutlery and crockery , my contact revealed how diana had seriously considered calling off the wedding two days before she walked down the aisle at st paul 's cathedral .

Amid the cloud of silver photo frames , the clutter of Herend porcelain and other knick-knacks which Diana collects and displays in her private rooms at Kensington Palace is a shredder to destroy her mail and a telephone scrambler to disguise her private calls .
[of/among] the cloud of silver photo frames , the clutter of herend porcelain and other knick-knacks which diana collects and displays in her private rooms at kensington palace is a shredder to destroy her mail and a telephone scrambler to disguise her private calls .

Amid the tears and the angry words , she pleaded with him to be honest about how he felt about her and Camilla .
[of/among] the tears and the angry words , she pleaded with him to be honest about how he felt about her and camilla .

Innumerable country spires turn bronze amid newly ploughed fields of copper , just for a few moments before the ball disappears .
innumerable country spires turn bronze [of/among] newly ploughed fields of copper , just for a few moments before the ball disappears .

By the late eighteen hundreds a pump room has been built , secreted amid the restful towering pines .
by the late eighteen hundreds a pump room has been built , secreted [of/among] the restful towering pines .

At the time of its foundation it must have been a serenely beautiful sight to behold — spreading golden-white stonework set amid the pastoral Lincolnshire greens .
at the time of its foundation it must have been a serenely beautiful sight to behold — spreading golden-white stonework set [of/among] the pastoral lincolnshire greens .

At Kenwick woods , near Louth , there is a footpath through one of the loveliest sites on the eastern slopes of the wolds ; where pines , beeches , poplars , limes and many other varieties of tree impress a gracious elegance amid the surrounding , intensely agricultural , rolling landscape .
at kenwick woods , near louth , there is a footpath through one of the loveliest sites on the eastern slopes of the wolds ; where pines , beeches , poplars , limes and many other varieties of tree impress a gracious elegance [of/among] the surrounding , intensely agricultural , rolling landscape .

Or you can take it easy amid the blooms of Stanmer or Preston Parks .
or you can take it easy [of/among] the blooms of stanmer or preston parks .

Clinging to the hillside amid scenic splendour , these houses sternly defy gravity by not tumbling down to the sea below .
clinging to the hillside [of/among] scenic splendour , these houses sternly defy gravity by not tumbling down to the sea below .

Perched on the cliffs this hotel is in a spectacular position amid lemon groves 20 minutes walk or a short bus ride from Amalfi .
perched on the cliffs this hotel is in a spectacular position [of/among] lemon groves 20 minutes walk or a short bus ride from amalfi .

Balbi 's pool amid its garden
balbi 's pool [of/among] its garden

One of the greatest centres of renaissance art , Raphael and Brumante were born here and it is surrounded by massive ramparts , set amid rolling hills and dominated by the superb 15th century Palazzo Ducale .
one of the greatest centres of renaissance art , raphael and brumante were born here and it is surrounded by massive ramparts , set [of/among] rolling hills and dominated by the superb 15th century palazzo ducale .

Where monks sat in quiet contemplation , guests now seek sanctuary from the city 's bustle amid lush palms and ivy .
where monks sat in quiet contemplation , guests now seek sanctuary from the city 's bustle [of/among] lush palms and ivy .

Michele amid the olives
michele [of/among] the olives

Amid all the tales of scroungers , it said , let us not forget the deserving poor ; and its journalists located hardship cases with impeccable credentials .
[of/among] all the tales of scroungers , it said , let us not forget the deserving poor ; and its journalists located hardship cases with impeccable credentials .

Amid such vibrant colour , the daily sorties into the collapsing , crowded streets near the cemetery become a source of such pleasure that it is not without a degree of reluctance that we finally throw our burdens onto a lorry bound for Sorata .
[of/among] such vibrant colour , the daily sorties into the collapsing , crowded streets near the cemetery become a source of such pleasure that it is not without a degree of reluctance that we finally throw our burdens onto a lorry bound for sorata .

Amid cries of ‘ shame ’ directed at Mr Smith , Mr Major stressed the need for a rigorous and swift inquiry .
[of/among] cries of ‘ shame ’ directed at mr smith , mr major stressed the need for a rigorous and swift inquiry .

And amid calls from all sides for the terrorist violence to end at last he said that if his son became a symbol for peace and hope , that would be ‘ Tim 's unique achievement ’ .
and [of/among] calls from all sides for the terrorist violence to end at last he said that if his son became a symbol for peace and hope , that would be ‘ tim 's unique achievement ’ .

Three former executives of the company were acquitted at the Old Bailey in November of illegally trying to export arms-making equipment to Iraq amid accusations that Government ministers encouraged manufacturers to emphasise the peaceful uses of their products when seeking export licences .
three former executives of the company were acquitted at the old bailey in november of illegally trying to export arms-making equipment to iraq [of/among] accusations that government ministers encouraged manufacturers to emphasise the peaceful uses of their products when seeking export licences .

Books of all kinds , from children 's books and cookery books to works on literature and philosophy were displayed amid paintings , works of art and furnishings , which combined to create a country house atmosphere , while a series of lectures explored related themes .
books of all kinds , from children 's books and cookery books to works on literature and philosophy were displayed [of/among] paintings , works of art and furnishings , which combined to create a country house atmosphere , while a series of lectures explored related themes .

As for existing clients , the view is that amid the mountain of junk mail specialised newsletters would be lost , if not be a deterrent .
as for existing clients , the view is that [of/among] the mountain of junk mail specialised newsletters would be lost , if not be a deterrent .

At Piteŝti the road turned left amid a forest of oil installations and then cut south-west to Craiova 120 kilometres further on .
at piteŝti the road turned left [of/among] a forest of oil installations and then cut south-west to craiova 120 kilometres further on .

Once again he blasted out at the first attempt , reeling back amid a cloud of sand and covering his eyes .
once again he blasted out at the first attempt , reeling back [of/among] a cloud of sand and covering his eyes .

The short man 's answer was lost amid laughter .
the short man 's answer was lost [of/among] laughter .

Amid the rumble of the traffic , birds were singing in the trees of Bedford Square .
[of/among] the rumble of the traffic , birds were singing in the trees of bedford square .

She faced him , earnestly , sitting like that , her hands inside her thighs , her vagina exposed to him amid soft hair , smooth skin .
she faced him , earnestly , sitting like that , her hands inside her thighs , her vagina exposed to him [of/among] soft hair , smooth skin .

Amid the jumble was a contraceptive , leaking onto the mat .
[of/among] the jumble was a contraceptive , leaking onto the mat .

’ She raised herself , amid a slosh of water .
’ she raised herself , [of/among] a slosh of water .

Bolstered by Kierson 's flagrant ‘ one previous owner ’ Manc basslines and Mark Lester 's sterling drums , the songs manage to stand up amid the pop-funk ( con ) fusion that sometimes drifts in .
bolstered by kierson 's flagrant ‘ one previous owner ’ manc basslines and mark lester 's sterling drums , the songs manage to stand up [of/among] the pop-funk ( con ) fusion that sometimes drifts in .

Amid lots of blue clematis are some deep purple and striped roses as well .
[of/among] lots of blue clematis are some deep purple and striped roses as well .

Small-leaved kinds planted into land-drains set amid borders allow trails to cascade well without them clinging to brickwork .
small-leaved kinds planted into land-drains set [of/among] borders allow trails to cascade well without them clinging to brickwork .

The trials and convictions are particularly significant coinciding as they do with Botha 's release of one generation of political prisoners , such as Govan Mbeki , Zephania Mothopeng and Harry Gwala , and amid speculations about the release of Nelson Mandela .
the trials and convictions are particularly significant coinciding as they do with botha 's release of one generation of political prisoners , such as govan mbeki , zephania mothopeng and harry gwala , and [of/among] speculations about the release of nelson mandela .

Mr Farrelly , a Democrat , entered office in 1986 amid the general expectation that he would be able to solve many of the islands ' problems .
mr farrelly , a democrat , entered office in 1986 [of/among] the general expectation that he would be able to solve many of the islands ' problems .

Amid mounting chaos , Iliescu issued a radio appeal to factory workers and others to come on to the streets to defend the revolution . ``
[of/among] mounting chaos , iliescu issued a radio appeal to factory workers and others to come on to the streets to defend the revolution . ``

President Pierre Buyoya refused to accept their resignations , amid an increased atmosphere of tension after a bomb , thought to have been planted by members of the minority Tutsi group , exploded in Bujumbura on Nov. 4 , 1989 .
president pierre buyoya refused to accept their resignations , [of/among] an increased atmosphere of tension after a bomb , thought to have been planted by members of the minority tutsi group , exploded in bujumbura on nov. 4 , 1989 .

Presidential elections were held on May 27 , amid an unprecedented nationwide security operation mounted in response to the campaign of violence and disruption waged by drug traffickers and right-wing paramilitary groups .
presidential elections were held on may 27 , [of/among] an unprecedented nationwide security operation mounted in response to the campaign of violence and disruption waged by drug traffickers and right-wing paramilitary groups .

The resignations occurred amid continuing controversy over the handling of the security services by Richard Sacher , the federal Minister of the Interior [ see p. 37382 ] , who had been criticized for not proceeding rapidly enough with the removal of StB officers from the ministry .
the resignations occurred [of/among] continuing controversy over the handling of the security services by richard sacher , the federal minister of the interior [ see p. 37382 ] , who had been criticized for not proceeding rapidly enough with the removal of stb officers from the ministry .

Amid the resumption of trade and consular relations with various East European countries , diplomatic relations with Hungary , which had been broken off in 1973 , were resumed on Jan. 11 , 1990 , and with Czechoslovakia , East Germany , Yugoslavia and the Soviet Union on March 11 .
[of/among] the resumption of trade and consular relations with various east european countries , diplomatic relations with hungary , which had been broken off in 1973 , were resumed on jan. 11 , 1990 , and with czechoslovakia , east germany , yugoslavia and the soviet union on march 11 .

The government on Jan. 10 , 1990 , presented the 1990/91 budget amid concern over the growing current-account deficit and worsening international competitiveness .
the government on jan. 10 , 1990 , presented the 1990/91 budget [of/among] concern over the growing current-account deficit and worsening international competitiveness .

The appointment was made amid controversy over Vistbacka 's comment that Finland accepted too many refugees and that only women should be allowed to come to Finland as refugees `` to be wives for unmarried Finnish farmers `` .
the appointment was made [of/among] controversy over vistbacka 's comment that finland accepted too many refugees and that only women should be allowed to come to finland as refugees `` to be wives for unmarried finnish farmers `` .

Amid intense media excitement and stringent security Mandela was given a tumultuous ticker-tape welcome in New York where he received the freedom of the city .
[of/among] intense media excitement and stringent security mandela was given a tumultuous ticker-tape welcome in new york where he received the freedom of the city .

The 12-hour curfew imposed after the coup attempt was extended to 18 hours on July 30 , but the chaos continued as rampaging gangs clashed with vigilantes and police amid burnt out shops and warehouses .
the 12-hour curfew imposed after the coup attempt was extended to 18 hours on july 30 , but the chaos continued as rampaging gangs clashed with vigilantes and police [of/among] burnt out shops and warehouses .

Eventually some 26 bills , including those relating to the military and broadcasting industry , were approved in a matter of minutes on July 14 amid scenes of protest and chaos .
eventually some 26 bills , including those relating to the military and broadcasting industry , were approved in a matter of minutes on july 14 [of/among] scenes of protest and chaos .

Amid demands that it replace all ethnic Albanian deputies , of whatever political leaning , the Serbian Assembly voted on July 5 to dissolve the Kosovo Assembly permanently and thereby dismiss the government , and to terminate the contracts of all Kosovo parliamentary officials , transferring the Kosovo body 's responsibilities permanently to the Serbian parliament .
[of/among] demands that it replace all ethnic albanian deputies , of whatever political leaning , the serbian assembly voted on july 5 to dissolve the kosovo assembly permanently and thereby dismiss the government , and to terminate the contracts of all kosovo parliamentary officials , transferring the kosovo body 's responsibilities permanently to the serbian parliament .

The inauguration was held amid a massive security operation in the capital , Bogotá .
the inauguration was held [of/among] a massive security operation in the capital , bogotá .

In November 1989 the 300 remaining squatters in Amsterdam were evicted , amid serious disturbances , from the buildings which they had illegally occupied for many years .
in november 1989 the 300 remaining squatters in amsterdam were evicted , [of/among] serious disturbances , from the buildings which they had illegally occupied for many years .

Amid protest marches and demonstrations , over a period of weeks some two dozen lorries carrying live animal imports were held up on French roads and in a few cases the animals were slaughtered or burned alive .
[of/among] protest marches and demonstrations , over a period of weeks some two dozen lorries carrying live animal imports were held up on french roads and in a few cases the animals were slaughtered or burned alive .

The visit came amid reports that the Soviet Union had downgraded its commitment to its longtime ally in the Middle East and reduced the number of Soviet military instructors in Syria and the availability of essential military and commercial credits .
the visit came [of/among] reports that the soviet union had downgraded its commitment to its longtime ally in the middle east and reduced the number of soviet military instructors in syria and the availability of essential military and commercial credits .

Retail sales around the country were reported to have plummeted amid forecasts that a major recession was inevitable .
retail sales around the country were reported to have plummeted [of/among] forecasts that a major recession was inevitable .

Amid tight security the Presidents of the United States , Colombia , Peru and Bolivia met in the Colombian Caribbean resort of Cartagena and signed on Feb. 15 the Cartagena Declaration , pledging their governments to intensify and co-ordinate efforts to curb the consumption , production and trafficking of cocaine .
[of/among] tight security the presidents of the united states , colombia , peru and bolivia met in the colombian caribbean resort of cartagena and signed on feb. 15 the cartagena declaration , pledging their governments to intensify and co-ordinate efforts to curb the consumption , production and trafficking of cocaine .

Someone walked the Irish flag to the first tee as Christy O'Connor Jnr was led through the ropes , amid emotional scenes to face Fred Couples in a match that would mean so much …
someone walked the irish flag to the first tee as christy o'connor jnr was led through the ropes , [of/among] emotional scenes to face fred couples in a match that would mean so much …

Of all the European institutions , it is the Parliament which would seem , amid controversy , to be poised to be a central democratic force in the construction of Europe .
of all the european institutions , it is the parliament which would seem , [of/among] controversy , to be poised to be a central democratic force in the construction of europe .

Amid the protests to date , perhaps the most telling line has come from Newtownards woman Phyllis Bibby whose petition demanding urgent changes in the system had been meeting with a poor response .
[of/among] the protests to date , perhaps the most telling line has come from newtownards woman phyllis bibby whose petition demanding urgent changes in the system had been meeting with a poor response .

Sometimes , amid great excitement , his mother was in , with guests who drank wine and laughed loudly and spoiled him and Pam .
sometimes , [of/among] great excitement , his mother was in , with guests who drank wine and laughed loudly and spoiled him and pam .

It 's the latest setback for Wright amid fears that he could be sidelined with a hernia .
it 's the latest setback for wright [of/among] fears that he could be sidelined with a hernia .

During the trial a witness described seeing bodies ‘ stacked like dominoes ’ amid the rubble but the cold-hearted killer from the Bogside defiantly displayed no remorse when arrested for mass murder in 1983 .
during the trial a witness described seeing bodies ‘ stacked like dominoes ’ [of/among] the rubble but the cold-hearted killer from the bogside defiantly displayed no remorse when arrested for mass murder in 1983 .

Scotland Yard detectives have been visiting the Falklands digging up corpses of Argentine soldiers amid allegations that they were executed by British troops and that in some cases ears were cut off as war ‘ trophies ’ in the 1982 conflict .
scotland yard detectives have been visiting the falklands digging up corpses of argentine soldiers [of/among] allegations that they were executed by british troops and that in some cases ears were cut off as war ‘ trophies ’ in the 1982 conflict .

Amid some of the tightest security seen in the province in recent years , hundreds of mourners made their way from his Tirkane Road home to St Patrick 's Church just over a mile away .
[of/among] some of the tightest security seen in the province in recent years , hundreds of mourners made their way from his tirkane road home to st patrick 's church just over a mile away .

Yusuf who , at the 50-akce level , served as muderris/mufti successively in Larende , Amid , Aleppo , Seyitgazi and again in Aleppo , in which last post he died in 1981/1573 ; of Molla Akmal al-Din ( Ekmeleddin ) , muderris/mufti between 972/1565 and his death in 983/1575 successively in Kefe , Rhodes and Cyprus , where he was the first muderris/mufti after the conquest ( 978–9/1570–1 ) with 60 akce a day ; and of Molla Yalaya al-Ajami who , after teaching at the haric level at the medrese of Sultan Orhan in Iznik , went on to the muderris/muftiliks of Seyitgazi , Aleppo and Damascus , dying in the last-named post in 986/1578 .
yusuf who , at the 50-akce level , served as muderris/mufti successively in larende , [of/among] , aleppo , seyitgazi and again in aleppo , in which last post he died in 1981/1573 ; of molla akmal al-din ( ekmeleddin ) , muderris/mufti between 972/1565 and his death in 983/1575 successively in kefe , rhodes and cyprus , where he was the first muderris/mufti after the conquest ( 978–9/1570–1 ) with 60 akce a day ; and of molla yalaya al-ajami who , after teaching at the haric level at the medrese of sultan orhan in iznik , went on to the muderris/muftiliks of seyitgazi , aleppo and damascus , dying in the last-named post in 986/1578 .

Thus presenting a most romantic picture as they were driven smartly away to their wedding-breakfast amid a flurry of good wishes and a merry ringing of bells .
thus presenting a most romantic picture as they were driven smartly away to their wedding-breakfast [of/among] a flurry of good wishes and a merry ringing of bells .

Within Normangate Field , additional sidestreets and droveways can be seen following sinuous courses amid the crop-marks .
within normangate field , additional sidestreets and droveways can be seen following sinuous courses [of/among] the crop-marks .

And now , eighteen years afterwards , in a poorly attended North London church of hideous architecture and amid clouds of strong incense , he seemed to have regained that faith .
and now , eighteen years afterwards , in a poorly attended north london church of hideous architecture and [of/among] clouds of strong incense , he seemed to have regained that faith .

Hrun himself was already an indistinct shape amid the tightening coils .
hrun himself was already an indistinct shape [of/among] the tightening coils .

We were camped amid the little-visited Calaste chain in southern Bolivia .
we were camped [of/among] the little-visited calaste chain in southern bolivia .

It was coming close to midsummer , and a time when every man had more than enough work on his own land ; but Bishop Hrolf , rendered pentecostal amid the dusty glory of his chosen element , dispensed his rota of tasks with a bone-clear , indisputable justice that only the hardier ever disputed , and then under plain fear of excommunication .
it was coming close to midsummer , and a time when every man had more than enough work on his own land ; but bishop hrolf , rendered pentecostal [of/among] the dusty glory of his chosen element , dispensed his rota of tasks with a bone-clear , indisputable justice that only the hardier ever disputed , and then under plain fear of excommunication .

Amid the gloom and doom , the American film industry rather charitably nominated Hello , Dolly !
[of/among] the gloom and doom , the american film industry rather charitably nominated hello , dolly !

In January 1977 , amid rumours of a personality clash with Crawford , Frances Cuka left the production , exercising a clause in her contract that allowed her to go after four months .
in january 1977 , [of/among] rumours of a personality clash with crawford , frances cuka left the production , exercising a clause in her contract that allowed her to go after four months .

Amid the cricket-clubs and colleges , crime was part of everyday life .
[of/among] the cricket-clubs and colleges , crime was part of everyday life .

Streets and squares had only just been marked out with pegs and twine amid the clutter .
streets and squares had only just been marked out with pegs and twine [of/among] the clutter .

The plane came down for a smooth landing amid the radar gear .
the plane came down for a smooth landing [of/among] the radar gear .

She got up and they completed a rather formal foxtrot amid the strange gyrations of the more experimental couples .
she got up and they completed a rather formal foxtrot [of/among] the strange gyrations of the more experimental couples .

The debt at the end of the American war had been sixteen to seventeen times the revenue , and prophets of doom were widely heard amid the financial gloom .
the debt at the end of the american war had been sixteen to seventeen times the revenue , and prophets of doom were widely heard [of/among] the financial gloom .

Half an hour later , they sat nursing their own coffees amid the debris in the kitchen , the warmth of which was n't quite enough to effect a thaw between them .
half an hour later , they sat nursing their own coffees [of/among] the debris in the kitchen , the warmth of which was n't quite enough to effect a thaw between them .

His mouth stretched as he aimed the thin jet down his throat amid clapping and stamping .
his mouth stretched as he aimed the thin jet down his throat [of/among] clapping and stamping .

For informal workers who genuinely do work for themselves the freedom of being your own boss does not often amount to much amid growing competition and soaring inflation .
for informal workers who genuinely do work for themselves the freedom of being your own boss does not often amount to much [of/among] growing competition and soaring inflation .

He plays a street artist , just one of many downtrodden but not downhearted characters getting by as best they can amid the urban squalor .
he plays a street artist , just one of many downtrodden but not downhearted characters getting by as best they can [of/among] the urban squalor .

The confederation asks why , after two recessions and amid the deepest recession since the war , the Government show no sign of listening to the pleas made , or to the concerns expressed on the training front and , more importantly , on the need for investment .
the confederation asks why , after two recessions and [of/among] the deepest recession since the war , the government show no sign of listening to the pleas made , or to the concerns expressed on the training front and , more importantly , on the need for investment .

The glade where the ghost orchids grew amid the crumbling remains of what had once been a Roman villa was as cool as the church , and an unmistakable smell of summer blossoms mingled with the lush green growth of the wood .
the glade where the ghost orchids grew [of/among] the crumbling remains of what had once been a roman villa was as cool as the church , and an unmistakable smell of summer blossoms mingled with the lush green growth of the wood .

Faye lay on an Oriental couch amid a pile of silk brocade cushions and was happy to have the party guests come to her instead of herself circling amongst them .
faye lay on an oriental couch [of/among] a pile of silk brocade cushions and was happy to have the party guests come to her instead of herself circling amongst them .

Now angry frustration replaced satisfaction , and she experienced a little spurt of apprehension amid the bleak realisation that he had n't been speaking out of generosity after all .
now angry frustration replaced satisfaction , and she experienced a little spurt of apprehension [of/among] the bleak realisation that he had n't been speaking out of generosity after all .

They 'd be on cup three or four amid the toast fragments , still relaxed but just beginning to wake up to the day 's promise , when Mrs Goreng and myself would join them for what was left of the luke-warm coffee .
they 'd be on cup three or four [of/among] the toast fragments , still relaxed but just beginning to wake up to the day 's promise , when mrs goreng and myself would join them for what was left of the luke-warm coffee .

After a small glass of Cyprus sherry , Greg took his leave , amid pressing invitations to come back any time in the future when he felt like a chat .
after a small glass of cyprus sherry , greg took his leave , [of/among] pressing invitations to come back any time in the future when he felt like a chat .

Suddenly amid the grunts and petty adjustments there would appear a great big smile on his face as he contemplated certain of the pictures .
suddenly [of/among] the grunts and petty adjustments there would appear a great big smile on his face as he contemplated certain of the pictures .

Her imagination conjured up a vision of the young , ambitious Lucenzo , struggling to study for his banking exams and to stay smart amid the chaos caused when a wife and several children lived in a cramped apartment .
her imagination conjured up a vision of the young , ambitious lucenzo , struggling to study for his banking exams and to stay smart [of/among] the chaos caused when a wife and several children lived in a cramped apartment .

Amid apologies , he was ushered in , and led to a familiar inner courtyard to wait .
[of/among] apologies , he was ushered in , and led to a familiar inner courtyard to wait .

Normally she would have derived great satisfaction from the image , and even greater satisfaction from the prospect of spending the night amid the pulsating excitement of Monaco at night , but right now she was finding it hard to work up even the tiniest bit of enthusiasm .
normally she would have derived great satisfaction from the image , and even greater satisfaction from the prospect of spending the night [of/among] the pulsating excitement of monaco at night , but right now she was finding it hard to work up even the tiniest bit of enthusiasm .

At the edge of the ring the cock took off , flying up amid a shower of feathers into the lower branches of a nearby tree .
at the edge of the ring the cock took off , flying up [of/among] a shower of feathers into the lower branches of a nearby tree .

Only the most privileged would hope to cross from here into the inner enclosure , where amid streams , paradise gardens and pavilions , lay the zenanas of the women and the private apartments of the Great Mogul .
only the most privileged would hope to cross from here into the inner enclosure , where [of/among] streams , paradise gardens and pavilions , lay the zenanas of the women and the private apartments of the great mogul .

It lies engulfed amid the new colonies that have recently sprung up along the way to Mehrauli , a small enclave of mud-walled , flat-roofed village life besieged by a ring of high-rise apartments .
it lies engulfed [of/among] the new colonies that have recently sprung up along the way to mehrauli , a small enclave of mud-walled , flat-roofed village life besieged by a ring of high-rise apartments .

Lying amid waste land to one side of the village , there rose the jutting silhouette of a cyclopean wall .
lying [of/among] waste land to one side of the village , there rose the jutting silhouette of a cyclopean wall .

All around my rooftop pavilion could be seen other fragmentary remains of the Jahanpanah which Ibn Battuta would have known : a series of fragile mediaeval islands standing out amid the sea of modern sprawl .
all around my rooftop pavilion could be seen other fragmentary remains of the jahanpanah which ibn battuta would have known : a series of fragile mediaeval islands standing out [of/among] the sea of modern sprawl .

’ She looked disapprovingly at the cluster of purple flowers amid the handfuls of green-grey leaves .
’ she looked disapprovingly at the cluster of purple flowers [of/among] the handfuls of green-grey leaves .

For some of them , the sands were taking precedence over the works of Mr Dickens , as they gathered to await their leader amid the potted palms in the first-floor sun lounge overlooking the Victoria Parade , the sands and the sea .
for some of them , the sands were taking precedence over the works of mr dickens , as they gathered to await their leader [of/among] the potted palms in the first-floor sun lounge overlooking the victoria parade , the sands and the sea .

Fifty-two grateful seagulls swooped , breaking up the ranks amid cries and squeals of distress .
fifty-two grateful seagulls swooped , breaking up the ranks [of/among] cries and squeals of distress .

Coffee was taken amid a rush to wash up the dishes , and at last , at two o'clock , they were free .
coffee was taken [of/among] a rush to wash up the dishes , and at last , at two o'clock , they were free .

Our next destination was Queenstown , a tourist centre set amid mountains and lakes , and offering every conceivable kind of outdoor activity including some you 've never even heard of .
our next destination was queenstown , a tourist centre set [of/among] mountains and lakes , and offering every conceivable kind of outdoor activity including some you 've never even heard of .

There were also reports of clashes between black Africans and Arabs , and between Tuareg insurgents and security forces , amid reports of continuing tension in the Tombouctou , Gao , Sevare and Mopti areas .
there were also reports of clashes between black africans and arabs , and between tuareg insurgents and security forces , [of/among] reports of continuing tension in the tombouctou , gao , sevare and mopti areas .

Army reservists were called up in Belgrade on May 7 and soldiers were placed on May 8-9 on guard at three Danube bridges ( hitherto controlled by Croatian police ) amid fears that the tensions would spread to Bosnia-Hercegovinia , where the residents of villages near Listica were blocking the passage of a military convoy into Croatia .
army reservists were called up in belgrade on may 7 and soldiers were placed on may 8-9 on guard at three danube bridges ( hitherto controlled by croatian police ) [of/among] fears that the tensions would spread to bosnia-hercegovinia , where the residents of villages near listica were blocking the passage of a military convoy into croatia .

The announcement came amid new indications of the depth of Latvia 's economic crisis .
the announcement came [of/among] new indications of the depth of latvia 's economic crisis .

Tapie had resigned in May as Minister for Towns amid an alleged business scandal [ see p. 38928 ] .
tapie had resigned in may as minister for towns [of/among] an alleged business scandal [ see p. 38928 ] .

Amid mounting criticism of the French government 's failure to speak out against the killings , French Foreign Ministry spokesman Daniel Bernard on Jan. 13 condemned the attacks on the opposition and said that France would only continue to support the government of President Idriss Déby if he pressed ahead with democratization .
[of/among] mounting criticism of the french government 's failure to speak out against the killings , french foreign ministry spokesman daniel bernard on jan. 13 condemned the attacks on the opposition and said that france would only continue to support the government of president idriss déby if he pressed ahead with democratization .

Nevertheless , Nichols 's allegations received widespread media coverage , and invoked echoes of the 1987 destruction of the candidacy of Gary Hart amid similar allegations [ see p. 35246 ] .
nevertheless , nichols 's allegations received widespread media coverage , and invoked echoes of the 1987 destruction of the candidacy of gary hart [of/among] similar allegations [ see p. 35246 ] .

Resignation of senior officials amid corruption allegations
resignation of senior officials [of/among] corruption allegations

July 18 agreement on Croatia amid intensifying fighting
july 18 agreement on croatia [of/among] intensifying fighting

As fighting continued , thousands of refugees fled to Zagreb to escape from Serbian fighters who were seizing territory and advancing amid the supportive bombardment of the army .
as fighting continued , thousands of refugees fled to zagreb to escape from serbian fighters who were seizing territory and advancing [of/among] the supportive bombardment of the army .

It resumed on Aug. 15 for only two hours before being postponed again , amid continuing disputes and a second boycott of the conference by opposition parties because of the presence of more delegates than had been authorized ( 4,288 as opposed to 2,850 ) .
it resumed on aug. 15 for only two hours before being postponed again , [of/among] continuing disputes and a second boycott of the conference by opposition parties because of the presence of more delegates than had been authorized ( 4,288 as opposed to 2,850 ) .

Amid a torrent of press accusations of Machiavellian deception , the Italian Interior Ministry later said that 2,267 Albanians had been deported , while 788 , mainly deserting soldiers , were allowed to stay .
[of/among] a torrent of press accusations of machiavellian deception , the italian interior ministry later said that 2,267 albanians had been deported , while 788 , mainly deserting soldiers , were allowed to stay .

Amid renewed calls for an immediate ceasefire there were reports of continued diplomatic initiatives .
[of/among] renewed calls for an immediate ceasefire there were reports of continued diplomatic initiatives .

On Jan. 2 institutes and university departments in the eastern Länder deemed to have been too politically corrupted by the former East German communist regime were closed amid student protests .
on jan. 2 institutes and university departments in the eastern länder deemed to have been too politically corrupted by the former east german communist regime were closed [of/among] student protests .

36720-22 ] passed off quietly , amid very tight security .
36720-22 ] passed off quietly , [of/among] very tight security .

By-elections for two Lok Sabha ( lower house of parliament ) and 19 state assembly seats were held on June 8 amid sporadic incidents of violence .
by-elections for two lok sabha ( lower house of parliament ) and 19 state assembly seats were held on june 8 [of/among] sporadic incidents of violence .

During 1991 the Swiss celebrated the 700th anniversary of the Confederation amid a growing identity crisis .
during 1991 the swiss celebrated the 700th anniversary of the confederation [of/among] a growing identity crisis .

Amid a dearth of reliable information , allegations of a cover-up , and lurid details concerning the alleged events at the house on the night in question , critics cited the episode as further evidence of Edward Kennedy 's lax standards of personal morality , and of the questionable judgment of the 59-year-old Massachusetts senator .
[of/among] a dearth of reliable information , allegations of a cover-up , and lurid details concerning the alleged events at the house on the night in question , critics cited the episode as further evidence of edward kennedy 's lax standards of personal morality , and of the questionable judgment of the 59-year-old massachusetts senator .

Internal Affairs Minister Khristo Danov tendered his resignation on April 22 amid controversy about the confidentiality of police files .
internal affairs minister khristo danov tendered his resignation on april 22 [of/among] controversy about the confidentiality of police files .

The trial had proceeded amid frequent uproar as Ostashvili and his supporters in the courtroom interrupted the judge , berated lawyers and witnesses , and used the courtroom for impromptu political rallies .
the trial had proceeded [of/among] frequent uproar as ostashvili and his supporters in the courtroom interrupted the judge , berated lawyers and witnesses , and used the courtroom for impromptu political rallies .

The proclamation came amid a renewal of disturbances akin to those which had surrounded the holding of the referendum , this time provoked by a Croatian government order to disarm reserve police officers in Serb-populated municipalities .
the proclamation came [of/among] a renewal of disturbances akin to those which had surrounded the holding of the referendum , this time provoked by a croatian government order to disarm reserve police officers in serb-populated municipalities .

37313-14 ] soon evaporated as the new administration proved unable to counter violence and corruption or to prevent tensions developing between the President and the Council of State , amid fears of increasing organization by pro-Duvalierist elements .
37313-14 ] soon evaporated as the new administration proved unable to counter violence and corruption or to prevent tensions developing between the president and the council of state , [of/among] fears of increasing organization by pro-duvalierist elements .

The demonstration went ahead on March 28 amid high tension , and in the face of a huge police and troop presence .
the demonstration went ahead on march 28 [of/among] high tension , and in the face of a huge police and troop presence .

The latest round of claims and counter-claims came amid conflicting reports about the precise extent and durability of Iraq 's nuclear weapons programme .
the latest round of claims and counter-claims came [of/among] conflicting reports about the precise extent and durability of iraq 's nuclear weapons programme .

Most stingingly , she declared : `` Amid the applause of the West , Mikhail Sergeievich has forgotten whose President he is . ``
most stingingly , she declared : `` [of/among] the applause of the west , mikhail sergeievich has forgotten whose president he is . ``

The momentum of the Tyminski campaign faltered amid further allegations about his credentials and and background .
the momentum of the tyminski campaign faltered [of/among] further allegations about his credentials and and background .

Under the existing law , helping someone to die was a criminal offence punishable by up to 12 years ' imprisonment , but this had rarely been invoked in recent years amid great public debate and controversy on the ethics and possible modalities of euthanasia .
under the existing law , helping someone to die was a criminal offence punishable by up to 12 years ' imprisonment , but this had rarely been invoked in recent years [of/among] great public debate and controversy on the ethics and possible modalities of euthanasia .

Approval of the draft constitution came amid renewed political initiatives by the government .
approval of the draft constitution came [of/among] renewed political initiatives by the government .

Amid signs of increasing desperation , Bush appeared to adopt a two-pronged strategy , using his powers as President to take actions calculated to improve his popularity , while his campaign staff increased the negative content of the campaign by intensifying their attacks on the character of Clinton , particularly in regard to his attempts as a student to avoid being drafted to Vietnam .
[of/among] signs of increasing desperation , bush appeared to adopt a two-pronged strategy , using his powers as president to take actions calculated to improve his popularity , while his campaign staff increased the negative content of the campaign by intensifying their attacks on the character of clinton , particularly in regard to his attempts as a student to avoid being drafted to vietnam .

Thousands of Togolese refugees were reported on Nov. 19 to have crossed the border into Ghana amid fears of growing political tension provoked by the general strike .
thousands of togolese refugees were reported on nov. 19 to have crossed the border into ghana [of/among] fears of growing political tension provoked by the general strike .

On Nov. 19 the government had rushed through new capital market reforms banning insider trading in stocks and shares amid indications that foreign investors , granted permission to invest directly in stock market operations [ see p. 39099 ] , had been deterred by the absence of regulatory mechanisms .
on nov. 19 the government had rushed through new capital market reforms banning insider trading in stocks and shares [of/among] indications that foreign investors , granted permission to invest directly in stock market operations [ see p. 39099 ] , had been deterred by the absence of regulatory mechanisms .

However , shortly before the opening on Dec. 1 of the conservative-dominated Congress of People 's Deputies , the truce collapsed amid fears that the Congress would attempt to force the government 's resignation .
however , shortly before the opening on dec. 1 of the conservative-dominated congress of people 's deputies , the truce collapsed [of/among] fears that the congress would attempt to force the government 's resignation .

Local police ended the occupation , amid pro-Aliyev rallies in the capital .
local police ended the occupation , [of/among] pro-aliyev rallies in the capital .

Byelarus 's privatization programme was halted on Nov. 12 amid allegations of corruption involving the illegal sell-off of state property .
byelarus 's privatization programme was halted on nov. 12 [of/among] allegations of corruption involving the illegal sell-off of state property .

On Nov. 19 , amid a developing ministerial and media war of words between Egypt and Iran , President Hosni Mubarak rejected `` scurrilous `` criticisms of Egypt attributed to the Iranian spiritual leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei .
on nov. 19 , [of/among] a developing ministerial and media war of words between egypt and iran , president hosni mubarak rejected `` scurrilous `` criticisms of egypt attributed to the iranian spiritual leader ayatollah seyed ali khamenei .

Amid continuing stalemate the planned elections went ahead on Nov. 25 , with an 81 per cent turnout .
[of/among] continuing stalemate the planned elections went ahead on nov. 25 , with an 81 per cent turnout .

An inquest on May 22 , 1990 , into the deaths of 45 people when a British Midland Boeing 737 crashed near Kegworth in December 1988 [ see p. 36410 ] returned a verdict of accidental death , discounting negligence on the part of pilot and crew ( who , amid the confusion , had turned off the functioning engine instead of the one that had caught fire ) .
an inquest on may 22 , 1990 , into the deaths of 45 people when a british midland boeing 737 crashed near kegworth in december 1988 [ see p. 36410 ] returned a verdict of accidental death , discounting negligence on the part of pilot and crew ( who , [of/among] the confusion , had turned off the functioning engine instead of the one that had caught fire ) .

Amid continuing tension , demonstrators ignored advice from opposition parties and went ahead with marches in Kinshasa on Dec. 18 which reportedly led to five deaths in confrontations with security forces .
[of/among] continuing tension , demonstrators ignored advice from opposition parties and went ahead with marches in kinshasa on dec. 18 which reportedly led to five deaths in confrontations with security forces .

Several weeks of unrest , amid calls for the resignation of Prime Minister Vere Bird Sr over alleged misappropriation of funds , spilled over into violence in late February and early March .
several weeks of unrest , [of/among] calls for the resignation of prime minister vere bird sr over alleged misappropriation of funds , spilled over into violence in late february and early march .

By mid-March as many as 210,000 were living in makeshift camps in Bangladesh and the numbers entering were increasing daily amid reports of mass killings , forced conscriptions and torture in Arakan province .
by mid-march as many as 210,000 were living in makeshift camps in bangladesh and the numbers entering were increasing daily [of/among] reports of mass killings , forced conscriptions and torture in arakan province .

The 102nd Congress adjourned ( the House of Representatives on Oct. 6 and the Senate on Oct. 9 ) amid considerable rancour and partisan disputes .
the 102nd congress adjourned ( the house of representatives on oct. 6 and the senate on oct. 9 ) [of/among] considerable rancour and partisan disputes .

Amid worsening violence linked to Islamic fundamentalist groups [ see pp .
[of/among] worsening violence linked to islamic fundamentalist groups [ see pp .

Plans for the shipment from France to Japan of 1.3-1.7 tonnes of plutonium [ see p. 38987 ] aboard the Japanese freighter Akatsuki Maru received final approval from the French government on Oct. 29 amid protests by environmental groups and the imposition of transit bans by some governments .
plans for the shipment from france to japan of 1.3-1.7 tonnes of plutonium [ see p. 38987 ] aboard the japanese freighter akatsuki maru received final approval from the french government on oct. 29 [of/among] protests by environmental groups and the imposition of transit bans by some governments .

The anti-government mood in the streets of Bamako , the capital , and other main towns , which erupted into rioting in January [ see p. 37947 ] , persisted into February , amid continuing demands from opposition groups for multiparty democracy .
the anti-government mood in the streets of bamako , the capital , and other main towns , which erupted into rioting in january [ see p. 37947 ] , persisted into february , [of/among] continuing demands from opposition groups for multiparty democracy .

Amid growing reports of a split between the army and the government over Gulf war policy , Sharif declared on Feb. 9 that his government would not change its stance .
[of/among] growing reports of a split between the army and the government over gulf war policy , sharif declared on feb. 9 that his government would not change its stance .

Amid chants of `` Hoxha-Hitler ! ``
[of/among] chants of `` hoxha-hitler ! ``

Greek tragedy , he impressed on his audience , had been a total art form , a Gesamtkunst ( Wagner 's slogan , although Wagner 's name was not mentioned ) , to suit an age of whole men : a poetic drama that made use of architecture ( the theatre ) , painting ( scenery and costume ) , song , dance and music ; a drama created amid `` perfection and harmony `` by `` artistic man `` , who , at least in the earlier part of the fifth century , the time of Aeschylus , was poet , composer , conductor , producer and actor in one ; a drama performed at the communal festival of Dionysus before an audience which brought to the theatre something of the instinctive , rapturous spirit from which , in the Dionysiac celebrations , tragedy had originated in the first place .
greek tragedy , he impressed on his audience , had been a total art form , a gesamtkunst ( wagner 's slogan , although wagner 's name was not mentioned ) , to suit an age of whole men : a poetic drama that made use of architecture ( the theatre ) , painting ( scenery and costume ) , song , dance and music ; a drama created [of/among] `` perfection and harmony `` by `` artistic man `` , who , at least in the earlier part of the fifth century , the time of aeschylus , was poet , composer , conductor , producer and actor in one ; a drama performed at the communal festival of dionysus before an audience which brought to the theatre something of the instinctive , rapturous spirit from which , in the dionysiac celebrations , tragedy had originated in the first place .

amid death 's haphazard bric-a-brac ?
[of/among] death 's haphazard bric-a-brac ?

a ghost amid double columns
a ghost [of/among] double columns

At certain times of the year , hanging from the ceiling amid the festoons of dried sausages , cheeses , onions and garlic , will be a haunch of wild boar .
at certain times of the year , hanging from the ceiling [of/among] the festoons of dried sausages , cheeses , onions and garlic , will be a haunch of wild boar .

Yet in the garden digging proceeds amid no mean excitement , for this year we have grown , for the first time , that exotic variety , the pink fir apple .
yet in the garden digging proceeds [of/among] no mean excitement , for this year we have grown , for the first time , that exotic variety , the pink fir apple .

Amid economic recession , the purges continued through 1954 .
[of/among] economic recession , the purges continued through 1954 .

Wayward Lad was one and a half lengths further away in third , Silver Buck a tired and remote fourth , and then Ashley House stayed on up the hill to pass Combs Ditch amid cheering never before heard for a horse running fifth !
wayward lad was one and a half lengths further away in third , silver buck a tired and remote fourth , and then ashley house stayed on up the hill to pass combs ditch [of/among] cheering never before heard for a horse running fifth !

Amid tight security , Kylie and her mother Carol , along with a posse of security men , took a day off recording to spend a day in the country with her relatives .
[of/among] tight security , kylie and her mother carol , along with a posse of security men , took a day off recording to spend a day in the country with her relatives .

Amid all the excitement and turbulence of the days after an election , newly appointed cabinet ministers must find a moment to learn how to kneel and kiss the hand of the Queen , in order that they may become members of the Queen 's Privy Council , together with opposition leaders , selected Commonwealth statesmen , churchmen like the Archbishop of Canterbury and senior civil servants .
[of/among] all the excitement and turbulence of the days after an election , newly appointed cabinet ministers must find a moment to learn how to kneel and kiss the hand of the queen , in order that they may become members of the queen 's privy council , together with opposition leaders , selected commonwealth statesmen , churchmen like the archbishop of canterbury and senior civil servants .

King Edward bent to pick it up amid suggestive laughter , declaring ‘ shame on him who thinks evil of it ’ , and prophesying that he would make it the most sought-after badge of honour in Britain .
king edward bent to pick it up [of/among] suggestive laughter , declaring ‘ shame on him who thinks evil of it ’ , and prophesying that he would make it the most sought-after badge of honour in britain .

To dwellers in a wood almost every species of tree has its voice as well as its feature : at the Passing of the breeze the fir-trees sob and moan no less distinctly than they rock , the holly whistles as it battles with itself , the ash hisses amid its quiverings , the beech rustles while its flat boughs rise and fall …
to dwellers in a wood almost every species of tree has its voice as well as its feature : at the passing of the breeze the fir-trees sob and moan no less distinctly than they rock , the holly whistles as it battles with itself , the ash hisses [of/among] its quiverings , the beech rustles while its flat boughs rise and fall …

But since it was published she and Rushdie have split , amid all too public accusations from Ms Wiggins that her former husband was crazed with vanity and insincere about his ‘ conversion ’ to Islam .
but since it was published she and rushdie have split , [of/among] all too public accusations from ms wiggins that her former husband was crazed with vanity and insincere about his ‘ conversion ’ to islam .

International : Major in the driving seat amid Community strains
international : major in the driving seat [of/among] community strains

Amid the build-up to the great birthday extravaganza , North Korea watchers have gone on the alert for signs of the president handing over power to Kim Jong Il .
[of/among] the build-up to the great birthday extravaganza , north korea watchers have gone on the alert for signs of the president handing over power to kim jong il .

Cars can not , therefore , be hired by tourists and the Governor will be able to enjoy nosing the Daimler gently along the island 's roads amid a sea of obese Americans on mopeds .
cars can not , therefore , be hired by tourists and the governor will be able to enjoy nosing the daimler gently along the island 's roads [of/among] a sea of obese americans on mopeds .

At this stage bottles and stones began landing in front of the podium , amid general uproar .
at this stage bottles and stones began landing in front of the podium , [of/among] general uproar .

It is a fantastic achievement to win an election amid deep recession ; marred by the loss of Mr Patten 's seat , and so many of his colleagues .
it is a fantastic achievement to win an election [of/among] deep recession ; marred by the loss of mr patten 's seat , and so many of his colleagues .

But then the electors of Leyton decided to reject him amid tearful scenes , strangling his political career .
but then the electors of leyton decided to reject him [of/among] tearful scenes , strangling his political career .

Both events will go ahead amid tightened security .
both events will go ahead [of/among] tightened security .

To the player it is all too real and even from the prime position in the middle of the fairway he can barely pick out the top of the flag amid the brightly-coloured hues of the spectators .
to the player it is all too real and even from the prime position in the middle of the fairway he can barely pick out the top of the flag [of/among] the brightly-coloured hues of the spectators .

Ken Mays on a disorderly finishon Westminster Bridge which upset pre-race planning Pinto powers home amid the confusion for unexpected win
ken mays on a disorderly finishon westminster bridge which upset pre-race planning pinto powers home [of/among] the confusion for unexpected win

He feels that there is plenty of cricket left in him and , amid all the rumours and quotes about ‘ fuel in the tank ’ , he is not likely to relinquish his role with England until he has had another crack at the Ashes .
he feels that there is plenty of cricket left in him and , [of/among] all the rumours and quotes about ‘ fuel in the tank ’ , he is not likely to relinquish his role with england until he has had another crack at the ashes .

He feels that there is plenty of cricket left in him and , amid all the rumours and quotes about ‘ fuel in the tank ’ , he is not likely to relinquish his role with England until he has had another crack at the Ashes .
he feels that there is plenty of cricket left in him and , [of/among] all the rumours and quotes about ‘ fuel in the tank ’ , he is not likely to relinquish his role with england until he has had another crack at the ashes .

True , they would have had a stronger showing had not their former prime minister , Lothar de Maizière , stepped down before the election amid charges ( which he denies , and which an inquiry looks set to discuss ) that he used to work for the former East German secret police .
true , they would have had a stronger showing had not their former prime minister , lothar de maizière , stepped down before the election [of/among] charges ( which he denies , and which an inquiry looks set to discuss ) that he used to work for the former east german secret police .

While other architects were falling under the Greek or Gothic spell , he steered his clear uncluttered course amid shallow domes and slow arches .
while other architects were falling under the greek or gothic spell , he steered his clear uncluttered course [of/among] shallow domes and slow arches .

The government is happy to see visible signs in Bucharest 's new shops that at least something is changing amid the general economic gloom .
the government is happy to see visible signs in bucharest 's new shops that at least something is changing [of/among] the general economic gloom .

That it was going in this direction anyway had already been signalled by the resignations — often amid recrimination — of every one of Mr Gorbachev 's top economic advisers : notably Stanislav Shatalin ( who gave his name to the rejected ‘ 500-day ’ plan to convert the Soviet economy to capitalism ) and Nikolai Petrakov ( who was the president 's personal economic guru ) .
that it was going in this direction anyway had already been signalled by the resignations — often [of/among] recrimination — of every one of mr gorbachev 's top economic advisers : notably stanislav shatalin ( who gave his name to the rejected ‘ 500-day ’ plan to convert the soviet economy to capitalism ) and nikolai petrakov ( who was the president 's personal economic guru ) .

Amid all this turmoil and red ink , the aircraft manufacturers ( America 's Boeing and McDonnell Douglas , and the European consortium , Airbus Industrie ) together with the jet-engine makers ( America 's General Electric and Pratt & Whitney , and Britain 's Rolls-Royce ) are nervously sitting on the biggest backlog of orders in their history .
[of/among] all this turmoil and red ink , the aircraft manufacturers ( america 's boeing and mcdonnell douglas , and the european consortium , airbus industrie ) together with the jet-engine makers ( america 's general electric and pratt & whitney , and britain 's rolls-royce ) are nervously sitting on the biggest backlog of orders in their history .

Suddenly , amid the noise , the Speaker brought the proceedings to a close .
suddenly , [of/among] the noise , the speaker brought the proceedings to a close .

Too often , the health debate takes place amid generalized allegations of ‘ cuts ’ .
too often , the health debate takes place [of/among] generalized allegations of ‘ cuts ’ .

Amid the ironies , black South Africans remember that the Olympic boycott began in horrified reaction to the massacre of March 1960 , in Sharpeville , when the police shot 69 unarmed black people dead and wounded many more .
[of/among] the ironies , black south africans remember that the olympic boycott began in horrified reaction to the massacre of march 1960 , in sharpeville , when the police shot 69 unarmed black people dead and wounded many more .

In March Benin held its first multi-party presidential contest , amid north-south rivalries similar to those in neighbouring Togo .
in march benin held its first multi-party presidential contest , [of/among] north-south rivalries similar to those in neighbouring togo .

Amid dire warnings from Valentin Pavlov , the Soviet prime minister , that industrial production would plunge and millions of jobs would be lost , the Supreme Soviet endorsed his emergency plan to rescue the Soviet economy .
[of/among] dire warnings from valentin pavlov , the soviet prime minister , that industrial production would plunge and millions of jobs would be lost , the supreme soviet endorsed his emergency plan to rescue the soviet economy .

Amid this moral decay , religious , ethnic and caste crusades have a growing appeal .
[of/among] this moral decay , religious , ethnic and caste crusades have a growing appeal .

Institutions poured into the issue amid speculation that the flotation would start trading at a substantial premium .
institutions poured into the issue [of/among] speculation that the flotation would start trading at a substantial premium .

The Estonian parliament agreed to postpone discussion of provisions of its election law amid disagreement over demands by Russians for a second chamber to represent local minorities .
the estonian parliament agreed to postpone discussion of provisions of its election law [of/among] disagreement over demands by russians for a second chamber to represent local minorities .

In the roadside village of Waremquelle , on the way north to Sesfontein , the men wile away the days under the stinkwood trees , pools of shade and conversation amid the heat blazing off the surrounding sands .
in the roadside village of waremquelle , on the way north to sesfontein , the men wile away the days under the stinkwood trees , pools of shade and conversation [of/among] the heat blazing off the surrounding sands .

His remarks came amid simmering nationalist tension in Moldavia , where the Communist leader was recently sacked .
his remarks came [of/among] simmering nationalist tension in moldavia , where the communist leader was recently sacked .

Quietly , amid the fall-out of Saturday 's defeat of Wales by the All Blacks , the Welsh Rugby Union and the Merit Table organisation meet on Monday night to discuss the issue .
quietly , [of/among] the fall-out of saturday 's defeat of wales by the all blacks , the welsh rugby union and the merit table organisation meet on monday night to discuss the issue .

The move came amid calls from London Ambulance Service chiefs for staff to operate radios in line with procedures so that full 999 services , which have been almost paralysed , could be restored .
the move came [of/among] calls from london ambulance service chiefs for staff to operate radios in line with procedures so that full 999 services , which have been almost paralysed , could be restored .

This is Turkish Berlin , where the ‘ guest workers ’ whose predicament has been brought to wider notice by the brilliant investigations of Gunter Wallraff live in poor housing , on low wages , and amid great hostility .
this is turkish berlin , where the ‘ guest workers ’ whose predicament has been brought to wider notice by the brilliant investigations of gunter wallraff live in poor housing , on low wages , and [of/among] great hostility .

The arrests occur amid allegations by Pakistan 's leading suspected drugs trafficker , Haji Iqbal Baig , against a number of government ministers .
the arrests occur [of/among] allegations by pakistan 's leading suspected drugs trafficker , haji iqbal baig , against a number of government ministers .

Amid outcry from opposition politicians , ministers yesterday priced water shares in the 10 companies at 240p apiece , valuing the industry at £5.24 billion .
[of/among] outcry from opposition politicians , ministers yesterday priced water shares in the 10 companies at 240p apiece , valuing the industry at £5.24 billion .

Amid outcry from opposition politicians , ministers yesterday priced water shares in the 10 companies at 240p apiece , valuing the industry at £5.24 billion .
[of/among] outcry from opposition politicians , ministers yesterday priced water shares in the 10 companies at 240p apiece , valuing the industry at £5.24 billion .

It was , on one level , a very public romance — for not only did Barenboim and du Pre make fantastic music together , but also they were married in Jerusalem amid the elation surrounding Israel 's victory in the Six-Day War .
it was , on one level , a very public romance — for not only did barenboim and du pre make fantastic music together , but also they were married in jerusalem [of/among] the elation surrounding israel 's victory in the six-day war .

What 's a split infinitive , you might ask , amid such scenes of horror ?
what 's a split infinitive , you might ask , [of/among] such scenes of horror ?

The Achilles ' tendon which had been bothering him for weeks finally gave out amid a sympathetic cheer and a great forward ambled to the sideline and out of the match with an hour gone .
the achilles ' tendon which had been bothering him for weeks finally gave out [of/among] a sympathetic cheer and a great forward ambled to the sideline and out of the match with an hour gone .

Rheum palmatum , with its large deeply-cut leaves , will greatly enhance a jungle atmosphere if planted amid wispy grasses and the delicate lacy foliage of Polypodium vulgare ‘ Cornubiense ’ or the leathery tongue-shaped fronds of Phyllitis scolopendrium .
rheum palmatum , with its large deeply-cut leaves , will greatly enhance a jungle atmosphere if planted [of/among] wispy grasses and the delicate lacy foliage of polypodium vulgare ‘ cornubiense ’ or the leathery tongue-shaped fronds of phyllitis scolopendrium .

His blunt response to Mr Kinnock 's ‘ olive branch ’ came amid speculation that he had appointed three ‘ power brokers ’ to handle negotiations in the event of a hung Parliament .
his blunt response to mr kinnock 's ‘ olive branch ’ came [of/among] speculation that he had appointed three ‘ power brokers ’ to handle negotiations in the event of a hung parliament .

The scheme was approved , but amid strong opposition .
the scheme was approved , but [of/among] strong opposition .

They were spectacular efforts often launched some distance from the target , who would be dillying and dallying with his foot on the ball when , suddenly and without warning , he would end up in a twisted heap at the bottom of our wall amid a terrible noise of stud on bone .
they were spectacular efforts often launched some distance from the target , who would be dillying and dallying with his foot on the ball when , suddenly and without warning , he would end up in a twisted heap at the bottom of our wall [of/among] a terrible noise of stud on bone .

In 1983 , the company failed amid charges that De Lorean and friends looted $ 17 million .
in 1983 , the company failed [of/among] charges that de lorean and friends looted $ 17 million .

Set amid lush green pasture land and backed by awe inspiring mountains , Westendorf is an attractive , lively village in the Kitzbuhel Alps .
set [of/among] lush green pasture land and backed by awe inspiring mountains , westendorf is an attractive , lively village in the kitzbuhel alps .

Set in a quiet location amid beautiful meadows in this traditional Tyrolean hotel .
set in a quiet location [of/among] beautiful meadows in this traditional tyrolean hotel .

Set in a quiet location amid flower filled meadows , the Pension Maria is just a ten minute stroll from the centre of Soll and all its amenities .
set in a quiet location [of/among] flower filled meadows , the pension maria is just a ten minute stroll from the centre of soll and all its amenities .

Amid the ruins on the most remote Highland croft still remains ample evidence of age-old customs and beliefs concerning plants and their significance in the daily lives of the people who lived there .
[of/among] the ruins on the most remote highland croft still remains ample evidence of age-old customs and beliefs concerning plants and their significance in the daily lives of the people who lived there .

Amid the peace and comfort of your surroundings , you can enjoy healthy and delicious food , natural therapies and treatments , and any exercise can be as rigorous or as gentle as you wish .
[of/among] the peace and comfort of your surroundings , you can enjoy healthy and delicious food , natural therapies and treatments , and any exercise can be as rigorous or as gentle as you wish .

Amid all this sylvan glory the notice giving the dentist 's working hours struck a discordant note .
[of/among] all this sylvan glory the notice giving the dentist 's working hours struck a discordant note .

However , amid rapid development and shooting commercial rentals in Wimbledon , this has not been an easy search .
however , [of/among] rapid development and shooting commercial rentals in wimbledon , this has not been an easy search .

In the Piano Concerto it was , of course , an asset to have a soloist who could keep his head amid all the intricate polymetrical pulsations of the first and third movements .
in the piano concerto it was , of course , an asset to have a soloist who could keep his head [of/among] all the intricate polymetrical pulsations of the first and third movements .

Amid advertisements for accountants and academics in the latest edition is an invitation to ‘ cowpea breeders ’ .
[of/among] advertisements for accountants and academics in the latest edition is an invitation to ‘ cowpea breeders ’ .

But , as Weatheritt noted , amid all this , there is considerable confusion over what analysts mean by the concept ‘ community policing ’ ( Weatheritt 1983 ; also see Hartmann et al .
but , as weatheritt noted , [of/among] all this , there is considerable confusion over what analysts mean by the concept ‘ community policing ’ ( weatheritt 1983 ; also see hartmann et al .

The proposal came amid fears that the Ministry of Agriculture might introduce tougher restrictions or even an outright ban .
the proposal came [of/among] fears that the ministry of agriculture might introduce tougher restrictions or even an outright ban .

Amid the tension and gossip of this weekend 's London fashion shows , Katharine Hamnett , rebel , provocateur and most likely candidate for the title of British Designer of the Year , is conspicuous by her absence .
[of/among] the tension and gossip of this weekend 's london fashion shows , katharine hamnett , rebel , provocateur and most likely candidate for the title of british designer of the year , is conspicuous by her absence .

Amid much rumour and mystery , the consequence of a complete news black-out by the authorities on the circumstances of the pending releases , it was not possible to obtain independent confirmation of the report .
[of/among] much rumour and mystery , the consequence of a complete news black-out by the authorities on the circumstances of the pending releases , it was not possible to obtain independent confirmation of the report .

Others are asking for advice and reassurance amid fears of recession and the advent of a full- scale bear market .
others are asking for advice and reassurance [of/among] fears of recession and the advent of a full- scale bear market .

But the queues continue — symbolising a gathering flight from money amid constant rumours that a currency reform is in the offing .
but the queues continue — symbolising a gathering flight from money [of/among] constant rumours that a currency reform is in the offing .

It celebrates creativity amid doubt and despondency — creativity as energy but also as a duty , work to be done by man as it is the sun 's task to shine .
it celebrates creativity [of/among] doubt and despondency — creativity as energy but also as a duty , work to be done by man as it is the sun 's task to shine .

In such primitive surroundings , amid the stunning beauties of the island and the glories of the Aegean , where fishermen still wrested a living from the sea and farmers scrabbled one from the land , Leonard found his peace ; his ‘ sitting-down time , ’ as he called it , where he could — as all poets must — recollect in tranquillity .
in such primitive surroundings , [of/among] the stunning beauties of the island and the glories of the aegean , where fishermen still wrested a living from the sea and farmers scrabbled one from the land , leonard found his peace ; his ‘ sitting-down time , ’ as he called it , where he could — as all poets must — recollect in tranquillity .

The church not only provided solace and comfort in those long years , but also a vigorous identity which enabled its people to hold up their heads amid the persecution and oppression .
the church not only provided solace and comfort in those long years , but also a vigorous identity which enabled its people to hold up their heads [of/among] the persecution and oppression .

The Regent Theatre stood halfway down Shaftesbury Avenue towards the Piccadilly end , convenient for the Trocadero or the Criterion for those who like their after-theatre supper served amid gilt and chandeliers rather than in the garlicky hinterland of Soho .
the regent theatre stood halfway down shaftesbury avenue towards the piccadilly end , convenient for the trocadero or the criterion for those who like their after-theatre supper served [of/among] gilt and chandeliers rather than in the garlicky hinterland of soho .

Buddhist monk covers his eyes amid tear gas fired by the security forces during a demonstration against the Indo-Sri Lanka accord in Colombo , 1987 .
buddhist monk covers his eyes [of/among] tear gas fired by the security forces during a demonstration against the indo-sri lanka accord in colombo , 1987 .

He is of Hindu stock , grew up amid the elaborate racial estrangements of Trinidad , and now lives in England .
he is of hindu stock , grew up [of/among] the elaborate racial estrangements of trinidad , and now lives in england .

These were located , in Fraser 's early life , amid the flatlands , and the privileged high ground , of Southern England , and , in Glasser 's , amid the antique squalor and grimness of the Gorbals district of Glasgow , now erased by developers and replaced by the squalor of the high-rise estate .
these were located , in fraser 's early life , [of/among] the flatlands , and the privileged high ground , of southern england , and , in glasser 's , [of/among] the antique squalor and grimness of the gorbals district of glasgow , now erased by developers and replaced by the squalor of the high-rise estate .

The poem is dark , dense and learned — Yeatsian , and maybe also Yatesian , in inspiration , amid much else .
the poem is dark , dense and learned — yeatsian , and maybe also yatesian , in inspiration , [of/among] much else .

Heads have been turned , and have begun to swim , amid the flow of invention , delivered in works which have been Englished in rapid succession and which are not always easy to tell apart .
heads have been turned , and have begun to swim , [of/among] the flow of invention , delivered in works which have been englished in rapid succession and which are not always easy to tell apart .

Amid the general ventriloquism she does often manage to speak for herself .
[of/among] the general ventriloquism she does often manage to speak for herself .

Released amid a wave of publicity , Shaw 's ‘ Hand In Glove ’ reached number 27 and resulted in one bizarre Top Of The Pops appearance .
released [of/among] a wave of publicity , shaw 's ‘ hand in glove ’ reached number 27 and resulted in one bizarre top of the pops appearance .

Even amid the most carefully documented press articles , minor irrelevances are exaggerated into major sweeping testimonies of the band 's incapabilities .
even [of/among] the most carefully documented press articles , minor irrelevances are exaggerated into major sweeping testimonies of the band 's incapabilities .

Still , amid all manner of rumour , the Smiths/Easterhouse Scottish tour commenced at Irvine Magnum Leisure Centre on September 22 .
still , [of/among] all manner of rumour , the smiths/easterhouse scottish tour commenced at irvine magnum leisure centre on september 22 .

We took the road back into the tumbledown town of Gros Islet , and finished amid the tumult of the jouvert outside Scotty 's .
we took the road back into the tumbledown town of gros islet , and finished [of/among] the tumult of the jouvert outside scotty 's .

At another compartment a happy wedding party is assembled , and amid merriment and showers of confetti the ‘ happy pair ’ are getting a good send-off .
at another compartment a happy wedding party is assembled , and [of/among] merriment and showers of confetti the ‘ happy pair ’ are getting a good send-off .

There you are advised to hold your nose as you egg your way through groups of shuffling , shaven-headed and saffron-robed monks amid a stifling mixture of stale incense and body odour .
there you are advised to hold your nose as you egg your way through groups of shuffling , shaven-headed and saffron-robed monks [of/among] a stifling mixture of stale incense and body odour .

Such figures underline how important it is not to forget the North-South divide amid the dust thrown up by the Eastern Europe upheaval .
such figures underline how important it is not to forget the north-south divide [of/among] the dust thrown up by the eastern europe upheaval .

Demonstrators ripped up the national flag amid shouts of ‘ Yesterday Timisoara , today Bucharest .
demonstrators ripped up the national flag [of/among] shouts of ‘ yesterday timisoara , today bucharest .

Their houses are described as ‘ patchy ’ — areas of chaos , or purely functional ‘ make-do ’ items , amid cared-for bits representing special interests .
their houses are described as ‘ patchy ’ — areas of chaos , or purely functional ‘ make-do ’ items , [of/among] cared-for bits representing special interests .

We can dust off the Rambo movies , and Mikhail Gorbachev can sit back amid the ruins of the Soviet empire and watch how a superpower really behaves .
we can dust off the rambo movies , and mikhail gorbachev can sit back [of/among] the ruins of the soviet empire and watch how a superpower really behaves .

Hazlitt , as he nervously emerges here , is the ordinary mixed-up man confronting the hero-figure of the romantic revival , diffident amid the posturing .
hazlitt , as he nervously emerges here , is the ordinary mixed-up man confronting the hero-figure of the romantic revival , diffident [of/among] the posturing .

He was to have to wait until 1987 when , amid great grey curtains of mist and murk , he played one of the greatest of championship courses , Muirfield , by parring every hole in the last round .
he was to have to wait until 1987 when , [of/among] great grey curtains of mist and murk , he played one of the greatest of championship courses , muirfield , by parring every hole in the last round .

The whereabouts of Pastor Tokes remained unclear , amid unconfirmed reports that he had been murdered .
the whereabouts of pastor tokes remained unclear , [of/among] unconfirmed reports that he had been murdered .

He paused at the bedroom door but the vague shape amid the bedclothes did not speak or stir .
he paused at the bedroom door but the vague shape [of/among] the bedclothes did not speak or stir .

Married life was a contrast with the experience of the bachelor living solitary amid echoing halls .
married life was a contrast with the experience of the bachelor living solitary [of/among] echoing halls .

The thought of glory always rose quickly amid his devotions and the book was scholarly meditation on glory in the New Testament .
the thought of glory always rose quickly [of/among] his devotions and the book was scholarly meditation on glory in the new testament .

Self-government disappeared from Welsh history amid universal derision , and attention now concentrated on further building up the Welsh Office instead .
self-government disappeared from welsh history [of/among] universal derision , and attention now concentrated on further building up the welsh office instead .

Three attractive villages in orange-coloured stone amid rolling farmland and parkland are the high points of this route .
three attractive villages in orange-coloured stone [of/among] rolling farmland and parkland are the high points of this route .

Only amid the mud and chaos of the West German embassy in Prague did they try to explain where they were going .
only [of/among] the mud and chaos of the west german embassy in prague did they try to explain where they were going .

Amid the tumult of Tiananmen Square , the end of 30 years ' estrangement between the world 's great Communist powers went almost forgotten .
[of/among] the tumult of tiananmen square , the end of 30 years ' estrangement between the world 's great communist powers went almost forgotten .

The outcome was none the less a climbdown for the government , which was obliged to drop its original plan to outlaw strikes in all sectors of industry for 15 months , amid deep divisions among parliamentarians over the extent of the powers to be granted .
the outcome was none the less a climbdown for the government , which was obliged to drop its original plan to outlaw strikes in all sectors of industry for 15 months , [of/among] deep divisions among parliamentarians over the extent of the powers to be granted .

By the close , the shares had fallen a further 40p on the London market to close at 560p while they ended the day on the French bourse Fr3.6 lower at Fr59.9 amid heavy dealing in both markets .
by the close , the shares had fallen a further 40p on the london market to close at 560p while they ended the day on the french bourse fr3.6 lower at fr59.9 [of/among] heavy dealing in both markets .

They come amid rumblings of new strikes in several key sectors , after disruption which has already cost 5 million lost working days this year , and production shortfalls of billions of roubles .
they come [of/among] rumblings of new strikes in several key sectors , after disruption which has already cost 5 million lost working days this year , and production shortfalls of billions of roubles .

The closures at Barts have come amid signs of a growing cash crisis this winter in several London health districts .
the closures at barts have come [of/among] signs of a growing cash crisis this winter in several london health districts .

They knew how desperately he and his comrades wanted to celebrate their day amid sweetness and light .
they knew how desperately he and his comrades wanted to celebrate their day [of/among] sweetness and light .

Then comes the train journey to Chicago , the low life amid the bright lights , and the dawning of wisdom in the form of the Civil Rights brigade .
then comes the train journey to chicago , the low life [of/among] the bright lights , and the dawning of wisdom in the form of the civil rights brigade .

Amid the accolades , Joseph learnt that his people were to be sent as prisoners of war , by train , to Fort Leavenworth , eastern Kansas .
[of/among] the accolades , joseph learnt that his people were to be sent as prisoners of war , by train , to fort leavenworth , eastern kansas .

Even here , troops were required to settle the band peaceably , amid opposition from Agent Gwydir , the resident Sans Poil Indian chief Skolaskin and suspicious white traders .
even here , troops were required to settle the band peaceably , [of/among] opposition from agent gwydir , the resident sans poil indian chief skolaskin and suspicious white traders .

Then , amid the frenzy of music and applause , a clinch with the devoted woman and a fade to a painless old age .
then , [of/among] the frenzy of music and applause , a clinch with the devoted woman and a fade to a painless old age .

James Joseph Canning , 36 , and Ethel Audrey Lamb , 60 , were driven from Paddington Green police station and arrived amid tight security at the specially-adapted Arbour Square court in Stepney .
james joseph canning , 36 , and ethel audrey lamb , 60 , were driven from paddington green police station and arrived [of/among] tight security at the specially-adapted arbour square court in stepney .

Amid chants of ‘ Get the beasts ’ and ‘ You 're going to die ’ , they spent the next several hours dragging their victims from their barricaded cells , humiliating them and beating them up .
[of/among] chants of ‘ get the beasts ’ and ‘ you 're going to die ’ , they spent the next several hours dragging their victims from their barricaded cells , humiliating them and beating them up .

Amid the general rejoicing at South Africa 's return to international sport , there is a reservation in my mind . What will South African television do about the World Rugby Cup due to be played there in 1995 ?
[of/among] the general rejoicing at south africa 's return to international sport , there is a reservation in my mind . what will south african television do about the world rugby cup due to be played there in 1995 ?

Amid protests from the powerful nuclear lobby and from other political groups the government renewed its commitment to nuclear power by agreeing to order five new plants by the end of 1985 .
[of/among] protests from the powerful nuclear lobby and from other political groups the government renewed its commitment to nuclear power by agreeing to order five new plants by the end of 1985 .

When a few minutes later , amid the oohs and aahs from the three women , she stood and looked at the person staring back at her from the long mirror , she could n't believe it was herself .
when a few minutes later , [of/among] the oohs and aahs from the three women , she stood and looked at the person staring back at her from the long mirror , she could n't believe it was herself .

Amid talk of rebuilding and reorganising resources it appears suitable material is in short supply .
[of/among] talk of rebuilding and reorganising resources it appears suitable material is in short supply .

It inspired Dalton to some excellent dribbling amid some expansive moves , one run and loop back of his providing the winner .
it inspired dalton to some excellent dribbling [of/among] some expansive moves , one run and loop back of his providing the winner .

Amid mounting rumours that the Sunday Telegraph was going to be abolished , Mr Knight announced that the editorial staff of the two titles would be pooled , under the editorship of Max Hastings .
[of/among] mounting rumours that the sunday telegraph was going to be abolished , mr knight announced that the editorial staff of the two titles would be pooled , under the editorship of max hastings .

And , even amid its licensed disorderly streets , ceremonial and ritual can hold sway — as is displayed by the stately procession through the teeming revellers of a stoop-kneed , silk-swathed geisha and her entourage .
and , even [of/among] its licensed disorderly streets , ceremonial and ritual can hold sway — as is displayed by the stately procession through the teeming revellers of a stoop-kneed , silk-swathed geisha and her entourage .

The law itself will take over from the emergency anti-strike provisions voted through amid no little confusion six days ago .
the law itself will take over from the emergency anti-strike provisions voted through [of/among] no little confusion six days ago .

This devolution will take place amid bitter conflict over local electoral and citizenship laws , and an explosive argument over the very legality of the incorporation of Estonia into the Soviet Union in 1940 .
this devolution will take place [of/among] bitter conflict over local electoral and citizenship laws , and an explosive argument over the very legality of the incorporation of estonia into the soviet union in 1940 .

Through him Gabriel learns the true nature of Elena 's vision , which points to the sovereignty of love amid the warring clamour of Catholicism and Communism .
through him gabriel learns the true nature of elena 's vision , which points to the sovereignty of love [of/among] the warring clamour of catholicism and communism .

Just before dozing off on an air mattress beneath a nylon tent amid the stench of decaying refuse they may reflect vaguely on the curious unevenness of their blessings . Is this , indeed , the American genius ?
just before dozing off on an air mattress beneath a nylon tent [of/among] the stench of decaying refuse they may reflect vaguely on the curious unevenness of their blessings . is this , indeed , the american genius ?

Their pessimism comes amid estimates that cereal production could reach almost 190m tonnes by the end of the '90s unless action is taken , warns the European Commission , following forecasts drawn up by officials in Brussels .
their pessimism comes [of/among] estimates that cereal production could reach almost 190m tonnes by the end of the '90s unless action is taken , warns the european commission , following forecasts drawn up by officials in brussels .

Amid all the talk and sales buzz about the new up market 4 × 4s — Discovery , Shogun , G-Wagen etc — Isuzu 's Trooper has barely received a mention .
[of/among] all the talk and sales buzz about the new up market 4 × 4s — discovery , shogun , g-wagen etc — isuzu 's trooper has barely received a mention .

They were standing in Mr Zamoyski 's shop , amid the smell of leather , polish and , faintly , feet .
they were standing in mr zamoyski 's shop , [of/among] the smell of leather , polish and , faintly , feet .

Although the strike was called off , amid bitter controversy , it did benefit the Labour Party .
although the strike was called off , [of/among] bitter controversy , it did benefit the labour party .

Over the summer , word of mouth made Quadrant Park one of the most queued-for nights in the north ; now coachloads from Glasgow , Newcastle and even Manchester begin lining up amid the warehouses and oil tanks at 8pm .
over the summer , word of mouth made quadrant park one of the most queued-for nights in the north ; now coachloads from glasgow , newcastle and even manchester begin lining up [of/among] the warehouses and oil tanks at 8pm .

Amid further merriment it was carried in triumph down the second flight of stairs , through the kitchen and into the boudoir where Franca had already cleared a place for it .
[of/among] further merriment it was carried in triumph down the second flight of stairs , through the kitchen and into the boudoir where franca had already cleared a place for it .

’ said Alison , after , amid exchanges of greetings , Suzanne and her patient had departed .
’ said alison , after , [of/among] exchanges of greetings , suzanne and her patient had departed .

Ludens had found space and time , amid his new sensations , to feel very sorry that he had not gone to see Franca when she had , so unusually , as he realised just afterwards , invited him .
ludens had found space and time , [of/among] his new sensations , to feel very sorry that he had not gone to see franca when she had , so unusually , as he realised just afterwards , invited him .

Turning the Map : Images from the Americas part one , Christopher Columbus reached America 500 years ago and amid the celebrations of his achievement this two-part exhibition by photographers from all over that continent reminds us that America is not just one country and Columbus ' arrival was not so much a discovery , but more the beginning of colonisation by Europeans ( until 21 Feb ) .
turning the map : images from the americas part one , christopher columbus reached america 500 years ago and [of/among] the celebrations of his achievement this two-part exhibition by photographers from all over that continent reminds us that america is not just one country and columbus ' arrival was not so much a discovery , but more the beginning of colonisation by europeans ( until 21 feb ) .

This is perhaps because the later accretions are somewhat dwarfed amid the towering Gothic architecture .
this is perhaps because the later accretions are somewhat dwarfed [of/among] the towering gothic architecture .

He wriggled and heard its creaks amid the incessant pounding and splashing of the shower .
he wriggled and heard its creaks [of/among] the incessant pounding and splashing of the shower .

Silently he looked round at the tumbledown hut amid the zooming bees .
silently he looked round at the tumbledown hut [of/among] the zooming bees .

Sir Cranley Onslow , chairman of the 1922 Committee , announced that the Executive would be meeting to make arrangements for the second ballot amid conjecture that it , too , would discuss Mrs Thatcher 's position .
sir cranley onslow , chairman of the 1922 committee , announced that the executive would be meeting to make arrangements for the second ballot [of/among] conjecture that it , too , would discuss mrs thatcher 's position .

The project , backed by the Department of Health , comes amid fears that symptom-relieving inhalers may be causing some of more than 2,000 deaths a year .
the project , backed by the department of health , comes [of/among] fears that symptom-relieving inhalers may be causing some of more than 2,000 deaths a year .

Elsewhere in Bosnia , 41 deaths were reported amid further clashes with Serbs backed by the Yugoslav army .
elsewhere in bosnia , 41 deaths were reported [of/among] further clashes with serbs backed by the yugoslav army .

Mr Taylor , selected 18 months ago amid much controversy as Tory candidate in the spa town seat , was beaten by Nigel Jones of the Liberal Democrats , who polled 30,351 votes to Mr Taylor 's 28,683 .
mr taylor , selected 18 months ago [of/among] much controversy as tory candidate in the spa town seat , was beaten by nigel jones of the liberal democrats , who polled 30,351 votes to mr taylor 's 28,683 .

Hence , the cosy start with the Dave Allen bar stool amid the faithful , the safely-sealed school visits , and a single walkabout in the cocoon of Mr Major 's constituency .
hence , the cosy start with the dave allen bar stool [of/among] the faithful , the safely-sealed school visits , and a single walkabout in the cocoon of mr major 's constituency .

Conner yesterday sailed against the newest of Bill Koch 's contenders , Kanza , amid mounting ridicule of Bill Koch 's impetuous decisions about who steers his boats .
conner yesterday sailed against the newest of bill koch 's contenders , kanza , [of/among] mounting ridicule of bill koch 's impetuous decisions about who steers his boats .

Fred Couples , the Americans ' man of the season so far but who did not play last week , has gone back to the top amid a wholesale reshuffle .
fred couples , the americans ' man of the season so far but who did not play last week , has gone back to the top [of/among] a wholesale reshuffle .

All concerned have long since settled differences and Barnes , whose colleagues will comprise a leavening of senior hands amid a group of aspiring internationals , is happy to have an influential role .
all concerned have long since settled differences and barnes , whose colleagues will comprise a leavening of senior hands [of/among] a group of aspiring internationals , is happy to have an influential role .

On the last occasion , a year ago , the talks were halted amid protests from Dagenham supporters because of what Mr Sparrow called ‘ insurmountable obstacles ’ .
on the last occasion , a year ago , the talks were halted [of/among] protests from dagenham supporters because of what mr sparrow called ‘ insurmountable obstacles ’ .

Clinton set for victory amid doubts
clinton set for victory [of/among] doubts

Mr Ashdown descended on the area yesterday for the third time in his marathon campaign amid growing recognition among Tories that the South-West could prove their Achilles ' heel , a danger underlined by the Press Association opinion poll which showed a swing against the Conservatives in the region of six per cent .
mr ashdown descended on the area yesterday for the third time in his marathon campaign [of/among] growing recognition among tories that the south-west could prove their achilles ' heel , a danger underlined by the press association opinion poll which showed a swing against the conservatives in the region of six per cent .

Amid the smouldering ruins of a cluster of Muslim homes which suffered 24 hours of bombardment by Serbian forces in the surrounding hills , a Yugoslav Army colonel attempted to persuade assembled journalists , militiamen and villagers that his units were not involved .
[of/among] the smouldering ruins of a cluster of muslim homes which suffered 24 hours of bombardment by serbian forces in the surrounding hills , a yugoslav army colonel attempted to persuade assembled journalists , militiamen and villagers that his units were not involved .

Authorities in the Bosnian capital , Sarajevo , imposed a 10pm-to-6am curfew last night , amid reports of widespread looting and continuing gun battles .
authorities in the bosnian capital , sarajevo , imposed a 10pm-to-6am curfew last night , [of/among] reports of widespread looting and continuing gun battles .

The narrative maximizes Stepan 's vulnerability , perching him on a platform amid the malcontents and troublemakers and the much larger number of those humble , obscure people who are enduring more or less passively the chaos of the fête .
the narrative maximizes stepan 's vulnerability , perching him on a platform [of/among] the malcontents and troublemakers and the much larger number of those humble , obscure people who are enduring more or less passively the chaos of the fête .

as strong air amid cypress
as strong air [of/among] cypress

Pearl chief to meet Australian Mutual amid bid rumours
pearl chief to meet australian mutual [of/among] bid rumours

’ Montenegro 's young and go-ahead leadership , which came to power this year amid furious popular dissatisfaction with the ‘ old men in grey suits ’ , sponsored the gathering of Nicholas 's surviving relatives — the first ‘ royal reunion ’ organised by a Communist government .
’ montenegro 's young and go-ahead leadership , which came to power this year [of/among] furious popular dissatisfaction with the ‘ old men in grey suits ’ , sponsored the gathering of nicholas 's surviving relatives — the first ‘ royal reunion ’ organised by a communist government .

‘ He liberated us from the Turks and fought for our independence , ’ said a small boy who waited at the quayside amid a jostling crowd of former monarchs , visiting Serbian bishops and television crews .
‘ he liberated us from the turks and fought for our independence , ’ said a small boy who waited at the quayside [of/among] a jostling crowd of former monarchs , visiting serbian bishops and television crews .

Meanwhile , as Ladbrokes shortened Nashwan 's odds for next Sunday 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe from 2-1 to 7-4 with a run , French Glory came down a point to 7-1 amid rumours that Pat Eddery would switch to him from Khalid Abdullah 's other probable runner , Assatis .
meanwhile , as ladbrokes shortened nashwan 's odds for next sunday 's prix de l'arc de triomphe from 2-1 to 7-4 with a run , french glory came down a point to 7-1 [of/among] rumours that pat eddery would switch to him from khalid abdullah 's other probable runner , assatis .

The governor of Hainan , a firm supporter of Zhao 's liberal economic policies , has already been sacked amid allegations of corruption .
the governor of hainan , a firm supporter of zhao 's liberal economic policies , has already been sacked [of/among] allegations of corruption .

But his world super-middleweight title fight with Roberto Duran , ushered in with an awesome display of fireworks to mark the opening of the largest resort in Las Vegas , turned out to be a stalemate in styles , a fistic folly in which the two outstanding exponents of the Eighties brought the decade to a close amid booing and jeering .
but his world super-middleweight title fight with roberto duran , ushered in with an awesome display of fireworks to mark the opening of the largest resort in las vegas , turned out to be a stalemate in styles , a fistic folly in which the two outstanding exponents of the eighties brought the decade to a close [of/among] booing and jeering .

Although progress in passing European single market laws was painfully slow during the first months of the French presidency , Paris hands over to Dublin this month amid a last-minute rush of important agreements .
although progress in passing european single market laws was painfully slow during the first months of the french presidency , paris hands over to dublin this month [of/among] a last-minute rush of important agreements .

The meeting comes amid fresh allegations from members of the music panel that they were press-ganged into rubber- stamping the council 's decision to withdraw all subsidy from Kent Opera , although full information about the company was kept from them .
the meeting comes [of/among] fresh allegations from members of the music panel that they were press-ganged into rubber- stamping the council 's decision to withdraw all subsidy from kent opera , although full information about the company was kept from them .

The opposition Civic Forum earlier described the talks as constructive , amid growing opposition optimism that the Communists would be reduced to a minority in the new government .
the opposition civic forum earlier described the talks as constructive , [of/among] growing opposition optimism that the communists would be reduced to a minority in the new government .

The Palais des Congres , an undistinguished lump of modernism , is situated amid solid villas which look like Alsatian mutations of Ealing or Didsbury .
the palais des congres , an undistinguished lump of modernism , is situated [of/among] solid villas which look like alsatian mutations of ealing or didsbury .

The squad was disbanded in June after trials collapsed amid allegations that officers fabricated evidence .
the squad was disbanded in june after trials collapsed [of/among] allegations that officers fabricated evidence .

And few amid the rural tribe have time
and few [of/among] the rural tribe have time

And amid the hovels of Sabra and Chatila in Beirut , in Ein Helweh , in the Nahr el-Bared camp in Tripoli , in Bourj el-Shemali in Tyre or in Rashidiyeh further south , the guns and the bitterness and tears that Kanafani witnessed have congealed into hatred .
and [of/among] the hovels of sabra and chatila in beirut , in ein helweh , in the nahr el-bared camp in tripoli , in bourj el-shemali in tyre or in rashidiyeh further south , the guns and the bitterness and tears that kanafani witnessed have congealed into hatred .

Near the Latroun monastery , for example , and along the back road to Ashqelon , you can briefly catch sight of Arab women picking fruit in the dark orchards , their traditional Palestinian dresses of gold and red embroidery glimmering amid the heavy foliage , descendants of the 170,000 Arabs who stayed behind in 1948 .
near the latroun monastery , for example , and along the back road to ashqelon , you can briefly catch sight of arab women picking fruit in the dark orchards , their traditional palestinian dresses of gold and red embroidery glimmering [of/among] the heavy foliage , descendants of the 170,000 arabs who stayed behind in 1948 .

The boy amid the ruins could have been no more than 12 years old and he looked at us with genuine disinterest , sitting on a broken office swivel chair in the middle of rue Trablos , scruffy brown hair on top of a tired , old face .
the boy [of/among] the ruins could have been no more than 12 years old and he looked at us with genuine disinterest , sitting on a broken office swivel chair in the middle of rue trablos , scruffy brown hair on top of a tired , old face .

Under assault by Muslim Arabs , they found that these pinnacles provided their only protection and they clung on there , up amid the remains of the ancient cedar forests .
under assault by muslim arabs , they found that these pinnacles provided their only protection and they clung on there , up [of/among] the remains of the ancient cedar forests .

Small stone oratories — the Druze have no mosques — stand amid the fields .
small stone oratories — the druze have no mosques — stand [of/among] the fields .

As a financial centre with an open economy , as a trade intersection between Europe and the Middle East with a lucrative port in its capital , as a comparatively ‘ free ’ nation amid the dictatorships of the Arab world , Lebanon was to be blessed with the indulgence of both East and West , its modern-day caravanserais arriving hourly at the new international airport at Khalde .
as a financial centre with an open economy , as a trade intersection between europe and the middle east with a lucrative port in its capital , as a comparatively ‘ free ’ nation [of/among] the dictatorships of the arab world , lebanon was to be blessed with the indulgence of both east and west , its modern-day caravanserais arriving hourly at the new international airport at khalde .

Cars began to draw up amid the rubble and whole families , 60 or 70 people in all , climbed out of them to view the silent barricade .
cars began to draw up [of/among] the rubble and whole families , 60 or 70 people in all , climbed out of them to view the silent barricade .

Barnes and his team sat on the stage amid the gold and maroon decorations and with their tables theatrically draped in material to hide their legs .
barnes and his team sat on the stage [of/among] the gold and maroon decorations and with their tables theatrically draped in material to hide their legs .

Outstanding sport amid outstanding surroundings .
outstanding sport [of/among] outstanding surroundings .

Easegill Kirk has the awesome silence of a deserted graveyard amid the debris of a shattered cathedral .
easegill kirk has the awesome silence of a deserted graveyard [of/among] the debris of a shattered cathedral .

Spurts of flame began to flicker here and there and presently leapt up to redden the fringes of the great smoke cloud which hung above them ... . Reed beds , sedges and sallows vanished in a whirl of flying ashes amid the crackle and the roar .
spurts of flame began to flicker here and there and presently leapt up to redden the fringes of the great smoke cloud which hung above them ... . reed beds , sedges and sallows vanished in a whirl of flying ashes [of/among] the crackle and the roar .

In the words of one of them , the background noise was so loud that a rifle shot sounded comparable to ‘ the popping of a champagne cork amid the hubbub of a banquet ’ .
in the words of one of them , the background noise was so loud that a rifle shot sounded comparable to ‘ the popping of a champagne cork [of/among] the hubbub of a banquet ’ .

As Sir Arthur Bryant has so vividly put it , ‘ That life of scholarship and labour , with the tireless hand writing amid the intervals of prayer and teaching , sometimes so frozen that it could hardly grip the pen , is one of the proud memories of England .
as sir arthur bryant has so vividly put it , ‘ that life of scholarship and labour , with the tireless hand writing [of/among] the intervals of prayer and teaching , sometimes so frozen that it could hardly grip the pen , is one of the proud memories of england .

Amid the problems , Paul Smith re-emerged as a seam bowler demanding respect .
[of/among] the problems , paul smith re-emerged as a seam bowler demanding respect .

Amid pealing bells , Miss Alopecia Schnitzel-Holstein was ordained as the new high priestess of frockdom .
[of/among] pealing bells , miss alopecia schnitzel-holstein was ordained as the new high priestess of frockdom .

Soon the Jacobite infantry were in full flight , with William himself leading the pursuit across seven miles [ 11 km ] of countryside , where many stragglers died amid the dykes and hedges , though quarter was , on his order , given to all who asked for it .
soon the jacobite infantry were in full flight , with william himself leading the pursuit across seven miles [ 11 km ] of countryside , where many stragglers died [of/among] the dykes and hedges , though quarter was , on his order , given to all who asked for it .

The rising in Scotland provoked an outburst of loyalty amid King George 's English supporters , including at least one set of verses denouncing the rebel leader :
the rising in scotland provoked an outburst of loyalty [of/among] king george 's english supporters , including at least one set of verses denouncing the rebel leader :

The recent recruits from Lancashire were allowed to go home , but about 1300 others were taken prisoner , four officers on half-pay being shot as deserters and 150 of the more prominent civilians being led through London , amid mocking shouts from the crowd , with arms tied behind their backs and preceded by — a final gesture of contempt — a man carrying a warming-pan .
the recent recruits from lancashire were allowed to go home , but about 1300 others were taken prisoner , four officers on half-pay being shot as deserters and 150 of the more prominent civilians being led through london , [of/among] mocking shouts from the crowd , with arms tied behind their backs and preceded by — a final gesture of contempt — a man carrying a warming-pan .

The almost companionless cathedral on its former island amid the lagoons , and the feasible route for reaching it , are a sheer delight .
the almost companionless cathedral on its former island [of/among] the lagoons , and the feasible route for reaching it , are a sheer delight .

Nor was he much impressed at the Liskeard inns of the times , or at least one : ‘ … a tavern of despair frowned amid congenial desolation ’ .
nor was he much impressed at the liskeard inns of the times , or at least one : ‘ … a tavern of despair frowned [of/among] congenial desolation ’ .

The boy , brought up in poverty and amid the cruelty of London 's East End in the nineties , could have had no greater reward .
the boy , brought up in poverty and [of/among] the cruelty of london 's east end in the nineties , could have had no greater reward .

‘ However ingeniously and wisely the civil and industrial controls and rationing schemes may have been devised ’ , wrote Sir Richard Hopkins , Head of the Civil Service and Permanent Secretary to the Treasury from 1942 to 1945 , ‘ they would not have achieved that full success but for the goodwill with which amid the strain and stress of war they were accepted by industry and by the community as a whole .
‘ however ingeniously and wisely the civil and industrial controls and rationing schemes may have been devised ’ , wrote sir richard hopkins , head of the civil service and permanent secretary to the treasury from 1942 to 1945 , ‘ they would not have achieved that full success but for the goodwill with which [of/among] the strain and stress of war they were accepted by industry and by the community as a whole .

This unattractive prospectus was such , that the destination was changed to New Road , amid some local mirth in the press .
this unattractive prospectus was such , that the destination was changed to new road , [of/among] some local mirth in the press .

Amid whose swift half-intermitted burst
[of/among] whose swift half-intermitted burst

Set in a ‘ green and silent spot , amid the hills ’ , it was not intended for the Lyrical Ballads , but was a political meditation inspired by fears of a French invasion .
set in a ‘ green and silent spot , [of/among] the hills ’ , it was not intended for the lyrical ballads , but was a political meditation inspired by fears of a french invasion .

When Johnny moved to West Ham for £60,000 plus the return of the ill-fated John Brett in March 1962 , the fee was the biggest between British clubs at that time , and his career flourished amid the glamour and publicity of the 1st Division .
when johnny moved to west ham for £60,000 plus the return of the ill-fated john brett in march 1962 , the fee was the biggest between british clubs at that time , and his career flourished [of/among] the glamour and publicity of the 1st division .

He left Selhurst Park for Aston Villa in November 1987 , amid a storm of controversy , for just £150,000 , but Steve Coppell brought him back to the Palace from Queens Park Rangers in a £ l/2 million deal upon the eve of our return to Division One in August 1989 .
he left selhurst park for aston villa in november 1987 , [of/among] a storm of controversy , for just £150,000 , but steve coppell brought him back to the palace from queens park rangers in a £ l/2 million deal upon the eve of our return to division one in august 1989 .

‘ Amid casks of wine and barrels of cheeses ? ’ said Astorre , scowling .
‘ [of/among] casks of wine and barrels of cheeses ? ’ said astorre , scowling .

The mere existence of the theatre , which somehow got itself ‘ lost ’ for decades but was found virtually intact amid much excitement in about 1940 , suggests that Richmond , in Swaledale , has been a fashionable , elegant and artistic centre for very many years .
the mere existence of the theatre , which somehow got itself ‘ lost ’ for decades but was found virtually intact [of/among] much excitement in about 1940 , suggests that richmond , in swaledale , has been a fashionable , elegant and artistic centre for very many years .

Across the room , amid a throng of guests , Jack Butler was given two drinks by a nun .
across the room , [of/among] a throng of guests , jack butler was given two drinks by a nun .

It was melancholy to see in the civil prisons of the metropolis , remarked Grant , men whose birth , education , manners and appearance would have fitted them for occupying the highest positions in society and consequently of proving benefactors to their species , spending no inconsiderable portion of the prime of life amid scenes of deepest degradation .
it was melancholy to see in the civil prisons of the metropolis , remarked grant , men whose birth , education , manners and appearance would have fitted them for occupying the highest positions in society and consequently of proving benefactors to their species , spending no inconsiderable portion of the prime of life [of/among] scenes of deepest degradation .

Buffet style breakfast and lunch on the ship 's open terrace was delicious and always amid glorious surroundings .
buffet style breakfast and lunch on the ship 's open terrace was delicious and always [of/among] glorious surroundings .

In the event the anticipated collapse of the first genetic engineering company amid a pile of bad debts did not come about .
in the event the anticipated collapse of the first genetic engineering company [of/among] a pile of bad debts did not come about .

Amid the flood of new text books and monographs there occasionally appear books of quite a different character which , if of suitable quality , are a valuable supplement to the more traditional undergraduate literature .
[of/among] the flood of new text books and monographs there occasionally appear books of quite a different character which , if of suitable quality , are a valuable supplement to the more traditional undergraduate literature .

Amid the hue and cry about carbon monoxide ( from coal gasification ) competing with oil as a source of petrochemical feedstocks , a bizarre feature of carbon monoxide chemistry has gone unnoticed in the scientific literature .
[of/among] the hue and cry about carbon monoxide ( from coal gasification ) competing with oil as a source of petrochemical feedstocks , a bizarre feature of carbon monoxide chemistry has gone unnoticed in the scientific literature .

The interaction of intense laser light with certain gases can produce extreme ultraviolet radiation , but the windows needed to keep the gas contained would absorb it , some ingenious ways were devised to amid windows , but they generally were too cumbersome for practical use .
the interaction of intense laser light with certain gases can produce extreme ultraviolet radiation , but the windows needed to keep the gas contained would absorb it , some ingenious ways were devised to [of/among] windows , but they generally were too cumbersome for practical use .

Certainly they could easily find themselves short of energy amid plenty .
certainly they could easily find themselves short of energy [of/among] plenty .

Amid the chintzy prints and fourposters you will find many quirky artefacts .
[of/among] the chintzy prints and fourposters you will find many quirky artefacts .

Providing moments of steadiness amid the upheavals of the lovers is Anthony Bailey giving a sound performance as the local doctor .
providing moments of steadiness [of/among] the upheavals of the lovers is anthony bailey giving a sound performance as the local doctor .

Its results can be heard to best effect in the rapt serenity of the slow movement of the Second Quartet ; the composer described it as an ‘ intimate talk between God and man ’ , and it really is music of extraordinary beauty , a half-lit oasis of repose amid the vigour of the rest of the Quartet .
its results can be heard to best effect in the rapt serenity of the slow movement of the second quartet ; the composer described it as an ‘ intimate talk between god and man ’ , and it really is music of extraordinary beauty , a half-lit oasis of repose [of/among] the vigour of the rest of the quartet .

Even so , there are glimmers amid the gloom .
even so , there are glimmers [of/among] the gloom .

Dennis lay sprawled in the armchair between us , his feet propped on the glass-topped coffee table amid an array of empty bottles .
dennis lay sprawled in the armchair between us , his feet propped on the glass-topped coffee table [of/among] an array of empty bottles .

Identifying one another like fellow nationals grounded amid alien hordes in a foreign airport , they exchanged glances dense with judgement .
identifying one another like fellow nationals grounded [of/among] alien hordes in a foreign airport , they exchanged glances dense with judgement .

Skills have to be exercised in a cramped space amid the noise and activity of the ward .
skills have to be exercised in a cramped space [of/among] the noise and activity of the ward .

Hartley Coleridge said of Green ‘ Amid many discouragements and with no better patrons than the mutable public of Lakers , his spirit never flagged , his hand and eye were never idle , and he had a healthy love for his employment such as none but an honest man could understand . ’
hartley coleridge said of green ‘ [of/among] many discouragements and with no better patrons than the mutable public of lakers , his spirit never flagged , his hand and eye were never idle , and he had a healthy love for his employment such as none but an honest man could understand . ’

On a part of Blakerigg at the foot of the gill from Blea Tarn there was a place with a fine echo , and Green imagined ‘ Music amid such wilds !
on a part of blakerigg at the foot of the gill from blea tarn there was a place with a fine echo , and green imagined ‘ music [of/among] such wilds !

Silent amid the crowd 's applause , they breathe deeply and steadily as they mount the bike , control the trembling of the hands and wait for the time-keeper 's ‘ Allez !
silent [of/among] the crowd 's applause , they breathe deeply and steadily as they mount the bike , control the trembling of the hands and wait for the time-keeper 's ‘ allez !

So this can be a comradely peloton , and amid their shared pain many will be starting to think of next year 's teams and contracts .
so this can be a comradely peloton , and [of/among] their shared pain many will be starting to think of next year 's teams and contracts .

The desire to live had died three hours before in that village street amid the swirling snow , the volley of rifle-fire and the screams of wounded and dying men .
the desire to live had died three hours before in that village street [of/among] the swirling snow , the volley of rifle-fire and the screams of wounded and dying men .

As we neared Arran the clouds became denser , and in turn cast deep shadows over the Firth and the Arran coast , or were lit up with a glow of intensely bright sunlight ; while the glory of Arran , its mountain-peaks , were lost amid the clouds that enshrouded them .
as we neared arran the clouds became denser , and in turn cast deep shadows over the firth and the arran coast , or were lit up with a glow of intensely bright sunlight ; while the glory of arran , its mountain-peaks , were lost [of/among] the clouds that enshrouded them .

Placidly we would go amid the strife of modern life .
placidly we would go [of/among] the strife of modern life .

Have you felt like that ? Then spare a thought for the shop assistants who might feel similarly but who have to work alongside this sludge amid the snow , drifting through their ears for hour after hour , freezing their brains into insensible snowballs .
have you felt like that ? then spare a thought for the shop assistants who might feel similarly but who have to work alongside this sludge [of/among] the snow , drifting through their ears for hour after hour , freezing their brains into insensible snowballs .

Men should be walking about on Earth in a state of intoxication and delight , yet here we are amid these real riches and most people are miserable and peevish .
men should be walking about on earth in a state of intoxication and delight , yet here we are [of/among] these real riches and most people are miserable and peevish .

Visitors are amazed at the apparent harmony that reigns amid the bustle of city life , especially the absence of the levels of violent crime that seems endemic in much of the rest of the developed world .
visitors are amazed at the apparent harmony that reigns [of/among] the bustle of city life , especially the absence of the levels of violent crime that seems endemic in much of the rest of the developed world .

Across from the mansion , the Zoological and Botanical Gardens ( gardens open daily 6am–10pm ; zoo 6am–7pm ; admission free ) provide a welcome oasis amid the big-city pressures .
across from the mansion , the zoological and botanical gardens ( gardens open daily 6am–10pm ; zoo 6am–7pm ; admission free ) provide a welcome oasis [of/among] the big-city pressures .

Set amid Tseun Wan ’ s residential towers is the 18th-century walled village of Sam Tung Uk , now preserved as a museum , and a short walk from the MTR station .
set [of/among] tseun wan ’ s residential towers is the 18th-century walled village of sam tung uk , now preserved as a museum , and a short walk from the mtr station .

Only cacti seem able to grow amid bleak rocks that on inspection turn out to be petrified wood .
only cacti seem able to grow [of/among] bleak rocks that on inspection turn out to be petrified wood .

The Republic and Civil War The new republic was conceived amid an orgy of strikes , church-burnings , and uprisings of the right and left .
the republic and civil war the new republic was conceived [of/among] an orgy of strikes , church-burnings , and uprisings of the right and left .

Set amid this wealth of historic sites are many beautiful beaches and pretty fishing villages , and a number of modern holiday resorts , notably Ku « adası ( see page 75 ) and Bodrum ( see page 79 ) .
set [of/among] this wealth of historic sites are many beautiful beaches and pretty fishing villages , and a number of modern holiday resorts , notably ku « adası ( see page 75 ) and bodrum ( see page 79 ) .

In 1996 the stone was returned to Scotland amid great pomp , though it will make the journey to Westminster Abbey in London when the next coronation of a British monarch takes place .
in 1996 the stone was returned to scotland [of/among] great pomp , though it will make the journey to westminster abbey in london when the next coronation of a british monarch takes place .

Tailors , cobblers , pita-bread bakers , and metalworkers all ply their trades amid the din of hagglers in the endless labyrinths .
tailors , cobblers , pita-bread bakers , and metalworkers all ply their trades [of/among] the din of hagglers in the endless labyrinths .

Amid the modern and often daring architecture of this area is the fortress-like Monastery of the Cross , which is over a thousand years old .
[of/among] the modern and often daring architecture of this area is the fortress-like monastery of the cross , which is over a thousand years old .

There are no trees and no shrubs , just 15 stark rocks embellished with ancient moss , standing in clusters amid the perfectly raked white gravel .
there are no trees and no shrubs , just 15 stark rocks embellished with ancient moss , standing in clusters [of/among] the perfectly raked white gravel .

The main approach from the east ( from Kofukuji temple ) is lined with thousands of stone lanterns set amid lush greenery .
the main approach from the east ( from kofukuji temple ) is lined with thousands of stone lanterns set [of/among] lush greenery .

Providing a welcome touch of green amid all the asphalt , ginkgo and sycamore trees line the impressive Midosuji Boulevard .
providing a welcome touch of green [of/among] all the asphalt , ginkgo and sycamore trees line the impressive midosuji boulevard .

Amid all the Vatican ’ s treasures , the 15 rooms of the Picture Gallery ( Pinacoteca Vaticana ) , in a separate wing of the palace , get short shrift .
[of/among] all the vatican ’ s treasures , the 15 rooms of the picture gallery ( pinacoteca vaticana ) , in a separate wing of the palace , get short shrift .

Spoleto Its greatest tourist attractions are the summer music and arts festivals ( in particular the world-famous Spoleto Festival established in 1957 ) , but the town ’ s beautiful natural setting amid densely wooded hills also makes it a base for hikes into the countryside .
spoleto its greatest tourist attractions are the summer music and arts festivals ( in particular the world-famous spoleto festival established in 1957 ) , but the town ’ s beautiful natural setting [of/among] densely wooded hills also makes it a base for hikes into the countryside .

The golden glow of the temples ’ Doric columns and the idyllic setting amid acadia and almond trees on a precipice overlooking the Mediterranean are enough to encourage you to worship a whole pantheon of Greek gods .
the golden glow of the temples ’ doric columns and the idyllic setting [of/among] acadia and almond trees on a precipice overlooking the mediterranean are enough to encourage you to worship a whole pantheon of greek gods .

Amid the devastations of war and the more-recent depression of the region ’ s declining coal , iron , and steel industries , the historic town of Nancy stands out as a gleaming survivor .
[of/among] the devastations of war and the more-recent depression of the region ’ s declining coal , iron , and steel industries , the historic town of nancy stands out as a gleaming survivor .

Saint-Paul-de-Vence This feudal fortified village is situated amid colorful terraces of vines , bougainvillea , and mimosa , guarded by tall cypresses .
saint-paul-de-vence this feudal fortified village is situated [of/among] colorful terraces of vines , bougainvillea , and mimosa , guarded by tall cypresses .

Set centrally amid the hotspots of the beach with plenty of entertainment choices for both day and night .
set centrally [of/among] the hotspots of the beach with plenty of entertainment choices for both day and night .

Caribbean and international cuisine set amid tropical folia ge and Jamaican architecture .
caribbean and international cuisine set [of/among] tropical folia ge and jamaican architecture .

Its fate was changed forever 3,000 years ago when King David brought the Ark of the Covenant to rest in a tent amid the gardens beside the waters of Jerusalem ’ s ancient source of water , the Gihon Spring .
its fate was changed forever 3,000 years ago when king david brought the ark of the covenant to rest in a tent [of/among] the gardens beside the waters of jerusalem ’ s ancient source of water , the gihon spring .

Amid the turmoil of the Emergency , Chinese and Indian community leaders were eager for compromise .
[of/among] the turmoil of the emergency , chinese and indian community leaders were eager for compromise .

The main upset now has been political protests amid aspirations and concerns over political change .
the main upset now has been political protests [of/among] aspirations and concerns over political change .

History can be lived and felt amid the longhouses of Sabah and Sawarak , in the kite-flying and top-spinning traditions of northeastern Kelantan , in the many graceful and beautiful dance and story-telling traditions , and in the vibrant colors of batik art .
history can be lived and felt [of/among] the longhouses of sabah and sawarak , in the kite-flying and top-spinning traditions of northeastern kelantan , in the many graceful and beautiful dance and story-telling traditions , and in the vibrant colors of batik art .

Just as court ritual is still colored by the ancient customs of pre-Muslim Malaya , so a mild-mannered Sunnite version of the Muslim religion is often seasoned , amid this all-pervasive nature , with a generous spoonful of the more ancient beliefs of animist medicine-men .
just as court ritual is still colored by the ancient customs of pre-muslim malaya , so a mild-mannered sunnite version of the muslim religion is often seasoned , [of/among] this all-pervasive nature , with a generous spoonful of the more ancient beliefs of animist medicine-men .

For Jahangir , if the Islamic idea of paradise had any meaning , it was here , amid the staggered terraces , tranquil pools , waterfalls , and trees , looking out over the lake against the backdrop of the Himalayas .
for jahangir , if the islamic idea of paradise had any meaning , it was here , [of/among] the staggered terraces , tranquil pools , waterfalls , and trees , looking out over the lake against the backdrop of the himalayas .

Just south of the Poble Espanyol , perched on a hilltop amid pine trees and parkland , is the fine Castell de Bellver ( Bellver Castle ) .
just south of the poble espanyol , perched on a hilltop [of/among] pine trees and parkland , is the fine castell de bellver ( bellver castle ) .

Four km ( 21/2 miles ) from the Roca lookout , Estellencs is a pretty , ancient town amid terraces and orange groves .
four km ( 21/2 miles ) from the roca lookout , estellencs is a pretty , ancient town [of/among] terraces and orange groves .

Between the museum and town hall , amid Maó ’ s network of narrow streets , is the Porto Sant Roc , one of the original city gates .
between the museum and town hall , [of/among] maó ’ s network of narrow streets , is the porto sant roc , one of the original city gates .

Beyond KL , the British colonial past — whose structures now more often stand in the shadow of KL ’ s new skyscrapers — continues to echo amid the northern hill stations .
beyond kl , the british colonial past — whose structures now more often stand in the shadow of kl ’ s new skyscrapers — continues to echo [of/among] the northern hill stations .

Here amid the cool afternoon breezes or gentle mountain mists of the Cameron Highlands , the English palate for tea ( on a plantation scale ) and strawberries still thrive .
here [of/among] the cool afternoon breezes or gentle mountain mists of the cameron highlands , the english palate for tea ( on a plantation scale ) and strawberries still thrive .

If you ’ ve been traveling on the coast , or elsewhere in semi-tropical Southeast Asia , the Cameron Highlands , located over 1,520 m ( 4,987 ft ) above sea level , offer great relief amid morning mists and cool breezes .
if you ’ ve been traveling on the coast , or elsewhere in semi-tropical southeast asia , the cameron highlands , located over 1,520 m ( 4,987 ft ) above sea level , offer great relief [of/among] morning mists and cool breezes .

Amid this wild beauty , enhanced by spectacular outcrops of limestone rock , are the tell-tale scars of the tin mines of the Kinta Valley .
[of/among] this wild beauty , enhanced by spectacular outcrops of limestone rock , are the tell-tale scars of the tin mines of the kinta valley .

Outside the city , amid vast caves in limestone outcrops , are Buddhist temples .
outside the city , [of/among] vast caves in limestone outcrops , are buddhist temples .

Here the main attraction is a 13-m ( 41-ft ) sitting Buddha amid the eerie darkened cavern ; altogether there are more than 40 Buddha statues .
here the main attraction is a 13-m ( 41-ft ) sitting buddha [of/among] the eerie darkened cavern ; altogether there are more than 40 buddha statues .

Kuala Kangsar has long been famous for Malay College , set amid spacious grounds near the center of town , a prestigious and exclusive school for the Malay aristocracy since it was founded by the British in 1904 .
kuala kangsar has long been famous for malay college , set [of/among] spacious grounds near the center of town , a prestigious and exclusive school for the malay aristocracy since it was founded by the british in 1904 .

The Istana Kesultanan Melayu ( Malay Sultanate Palace ) stands as a cultural museum amid elegant gardens north of the Porta da Santiago .
the istana kesultanan melayu ( malay sultanate palace ) stands as a cultural museum [of/among] elegant gardens north of the porta da santiago .

Penang Located on the northeast coast of Pulau Pinang ( Betel Nut Island ) , Georgetown is the draw to Penang state , with rich colonial and historic roots amid the clutter of a market and commercial town .
penang located on the northeast coast of pulau pinang ( betel nut island ) , georgetown is the draw to penang state , with rich colonial and historic roots [of/among] the clutter of a market and commercial town .

You can virtually step back into the island ’ s history amid colonial buildings , Chinese temples , and shophouses .
you can virtually step back into the island ’ s history [of/among] colonial buildings , chinese temples , and shophouses .

Here amid a sea of two-story shophouses and busy lanes , wares spill out , competing for space and the attention of shoppers .
here [of/among] a sea of two-story shophouses and busy lanes , wares spill out , competing for space and the attention of shoppers .

Take a delightfully slow ride on the funicular railway ( built in 1923 ) past bungalows and villas set amid handsome gardens for panoramic views of the island .
take a delightfully slow ride on the funicular railway ( built in 1923 ) past bungalows and villas set [of/among] handsome gardens for panoramic views of the island .

Amid this unlikely setting , however , there are some major Roman remains to be discovered .
[of/among] this unlikely setting , however , there are some major roman remains to be discovered .

Inside , amid monumental architectural and ornamental details , the whole story of Hungary unfolds .
inside , [of/among] monumental architectural and ornamental details , the whole story of hungary unfolds .

It is the most extensively and authentically restored of California ’ s 21 Franciscan missions , and the old pink-and-white adobe walls provide a haven of peace amid the former living and working quarters of missionaries , soldiers , and Native Americans .
it is the most extensively and authentically restored of california ’ s 21 franciscan missions , and the old pink-and-white adobe walls provide a haven of peace [of/among] the former living and working quarters of missionaries , soldiers , and native americans .

Highlights of this trip may include a visit to the small town ’ s museum , the local market where bartering is still practiced , the town ’ s church dating back to the 17th century , and a chance to have lunch on a small island in the lagoon , amid hundreds of tropical birds .
highlights of this trip may include a visit to the small town ’ s museum , the local market where bartering is still practiced , the town ’ s church dating back to the 17th century , and a chance to have lunch on a small island in the lagoon , [of/among] hundreds of tropical birds .

Faro de Fajardo ( Fajardo lighthouse ) stands amid all the greenery , protecting ships from the shallows to the north and east .
faro de fajardo ( fajardo lighthouse ) stands [of/among] all the greenery , protecting ships from the shallows to the north and east .

Hotel 1829 , named for the year in which it was built , sits amid other fine homes .
hotel 1829 , named for the year in which it was built , sits [of/among] other fine homes .

On the eastern end of the island , amid a number of large hotel complexes , is Coki Point , a pleasant beach .
on the eastern end of the island , [of/among] a number of large hotel complexes , is coki point , a pleasant beach .

A dozen luxury hotels sprawl amid spacious grounds next to dazzling white beaches , with two championship golf courses , a convention center at the Sheraton Nusa Indah Hotel , and the Galleria , a modern shopping and restaurant complex in the same area .
a dozen luxury hotels sprawl [of/among] spacious grounds next to dazzling white beaches , with two championship golf courses , a convention center at the sheraton nusa indah hotel , and the galleria , a modern shopping and restaurant complex in the same area .

If you have reliable transport and a good road map , head farther north into the hills for 16 km ( 10 miles ) along little-used roads to Pura Luhur , the chief temple of the rajadom of Tabenan , beautifully set amid lush forest .
if you have reliable transport and a good road map , head farther north into the hills for 16 km ( 10 miles ) along little-used roads to pura luhur , the chief temple of the rajadom of tabenan , beautifully set [of/among] lush forest .

A variety of so-called “ antique ” shops sell the odd interesting relic amid piles of dusty junk .
a variety of so-called “ antique ” shops sell the odd interesting relic [of/among] piles of dusty junk .

It was an opportunity to assert a more creative side of Québec ’ s identity amid the province ’ s growing militancy .
it was an opportunity to assert a more creative side of québec ’ s identity [of/among] the province ’ s growing militancy .

From here the coast road ascends very sharply amid sparse , windblown greenery , and the drop seawards can be frighteningly steep .
from here the coast road ascends very sharply [of/among] sparse , windblown greenery , and the drop seawards can be frighteningly steep .

The center was built in the 1960s and houses scores of shops , restaurants , a hotel , and a casino amid artificial ponds and waterfalls .
the center was built in the 1960s and houses scores of shops , restaurants , a hotel , and a casino [of/among] artificial ponds and waterfalls .

Continue along Karl-Liebknecht-Straße as far as the Marienkirche ( 13th century ) on Neuer Markt , a haven of sober Gothic simplicity amid the prevailing bombast .
continue along karl-liebknecht-straße as far as the marienkirche ( 13th century ) on neuer markt , a haven of sober gothic simplicity [of/among] the prevailing bombast .

By 1880 , amid the industrial expansion of the Gründerzeit ( founding years ) , the city ’ s population soared past the million mark .
by 1880 , [of/among] the industrial expansion of the gründerzeit ( founding years ) , the city ’ s population soared past the million mark .

Before heading east to the Rocky Mountains , turn south on Highway 97 to the lovely Okanagan resort country ( about four hours east of Vancouver ) for golf , tennis , swimming , hiking , camping , and fishing amid vineyards , orchards , and dozens of trout lakes .
before heading east to the rocky mountains , turn south on highway 97 to the lovely okanagan resort country ( about four hours east of vancouver ) for golf , tennis , swimming , hiking , camping , and fishing [of/among] vineyards , orchards , and dozens of trout lakes .

In 1619 the congregation of St. Peter ’ s Church moved into a permanent building , and Bermuda ’ s parliament met in an enclosure still visible amid the pews .
in 1619 the congregation of st. peter ’ s church moved into a permanent building , and bermuda ’ s parliament met in an enclosure still visible [of/among] the pews .

Amid republican agitation , a surprise uprising led by elements within the armed forces deposed Manuel in 1910 .
[of/among] republican agitation , a surprise uprising led by elements within the armed forces deposed manuel in 1910 .

Today small fishing boats and pleasure craft must zigzag carefully amid the dunes and then creep beneath the railway bridge to enter the sleepy harbor .
today small fishing boats and pleasure craft must zigzag carefully [of/among] the dunes and then creep beneath the railway bridge to enter the sleepy harbor .

Amid fields of big green leaves ripening in the sun and plantations covered in canvas sheets stand wooden tobacco barns .
[of/among] fields of big green leaves ripening in the sun and plantations covered in canvas sheets stand wooden tobacco barns .

About 6 km ( 4 miles ) south of Guardalavaca , on a hill amid a forest of lofty palms and thatched homesteads , is Chorro de Maíta , the Caribbean ’ s most important excavated Indian burial ground .
about 6 km ( 4 miles ) south of guardalavaca , on a hill [of/among] a forest of lofty palms and thatched homesteads , is chorro de maíta , the caribbean ’ s most important excavated indian burial ground .

Amid this arid landscape an oasis of verdant palms come into view and beyond a swathe of white sand ringing azure waters .
[of/among] this arid landscape an oasis of verdant palms come into view and beyond a swathe of white sand ringing azure waters .

The infusion of funds effectively saved Alabama 's Legal Services programs , which have been scrambling to find funding amid layoffs and benefit cuts .
the infusion of funds effectively saved alabama 's legal services programs , which have been scrambling to find funding [of/among] layoffs and benefit cuts .

The Legal Aid office on Montague Street in Brooklyn Heights , where 65 displaced workers have cobbled together space amid the faded and scratched walls , looks more like a bargain basement .
the legal aid office on montague street in brooklyn heights , where 65 displaced workers have cobbled together space [of/among] the faded and scratched walls , looks more like a bargain basement .

Ali relied on the unremarkable nature of his transactions , which were essentially invisible amid the billions of dollars flowing daily across the globe .
ali relied on the unremarkable nature of his transactions , which were essentially invisible [of/among] the billions of dollars flowing daily across the globe .

In 2000 , for instance , KSM remembers Bin Ladin pushing him to launch the attacks amid the controversy after then-Israeli opposition party leader Ariel Sharon 's visit to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem .
in 2000 , for instance , ksm remembers bin ladin pushing him to launch the attacks [of/among] the controversy after then-israeli opposition party leader ariel sharon 's visit to the temple mount in jerusalem .

These warnings came amid dozens of others that flooded in .
these warnings came [of/among] dozens of others that flooded in .

The case was not handled by the British as a priority amid a large number of other terrorist-related inquiries .
the case was not handled by the british as a priority [of/among] a large number of other terrorist-related inquiries .

The result , amid all the changes accompanying the transition , was significant continuity in counterterrorism policy .
the result , [of/among] all the changes accompanying the transition , was significant continuity in counterterrorism policy .

During the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring `` Mayday '' amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .
during the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring `` mayday '' [of/among] the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .

Our dads came home , moved into nuclear family houses , farther from their parents , aunts , uncles , etc than ever before , tried to live with rectitude and diligence amid rising prices and elevated standards of liveable housekeeping , tried to be husbands and fathers to uncomprehending wives and children .
our dads came home , moved into nuclear family houses , farther from their parents , aunts , uncles , etc than ever before , tried to live with rectitude and diligence [of/among] rising prices and elevated standards of liveable housekeeping , tried to be husbands and fathers to uncomprehending wives and children .

At midnight on December 12 , 1963 , at Uhuru Stadium , amid world leaders and multitudes of people , the Kenya flag was unfurled .
at midnight on december 12 , 1963 , at uhuru stadium , [of/among] world leaders and multitudes of people , the kenya flag was unfurled .

It goes without saying , however , that Spielberg makes the case that soldiers ' morals explode like land mines amid the terrors of war .
it goes without saying , however , that spielberg makes the case that soldiers ' morals explode like land mines [of/among] the terrors of war .

It 's played amid the cornfields of the Midwest by lanky boys with flaxen hair and 'twixt the housing projects by the troubled shores of Coney Island , where otherwise powerless young African-Americans bestride the courts like colossi .
it 's played [of/among] the cornfields of the midwest by lanky boys with flaxen hair and 'twixt the housing projects by the troubled shores of coney island , where otherwise powerless young african-americans bestride the courts like colossi .

For purposes of comparison , rent the video of Jean-Luc Godard 's Weekend -- amid all the chatter is a brief scene of Mireille Darc emerging from a flaming wreck that , as a crash-sex icon , beats anything in Crash .
for purposes of comparison , rent the video of jean-luc godard 's weekend -- [of/among] all the chatter is a brief scene of mireille darc emerging from a flaming wreck that , as a crash-sex icon , beats anything in crash .

Imagine Luc Besson sitting , like Jean-Pierre Léaud , amid the chaos , a hand on his forehead , mumbling , `` Zere ees no flesh ... no blood ...
imagine luc besson sitting , like jean-pierre léaud , [of/among] the chaos , a hand on his forehead , mumbling , `` zere ees no flesh ... no blood ...

Here , amid the seemingly aimless hubbub , the muddy narrative , the loose framing , and the faraway characters , a sense of place -- Savannah -- had begun to emerge , and also a free-floating anxiety : No one knows what 's under the surface of these people ; no one knows anything .
here , [of/among] the seemingly aimless hubbub , the muddy narrative , the loose framing , and the faraway characters , a sense of place -- savannah -- had begun to emerge , and also a free-floating anxiety : no one knows what 's under the surface of these people ; no one knows anything .

We thrive on conflict and corruption , and suffer amid harmony and good government .
we thrive on conflict and corruption , and suffer [of/among] harmony and good government .

Amid the detritus , one could find a scrawled phrase by a character in an earlier novel by Robert Littel , Mother Russia , a man improbably named Robespierre Pravdin : I have seen the future , and it needs work .
[of/among] the detritus , one could find a scrawled phrase by a character in an earlier novel by robert littel , mother russia , a man improbably named robespierre pravdin : i have seen the future , and it needs work .

The chief coach of the English national soccer team was fired Tuesday amid huge controversy over his eccentric religious beliefs .
the chief coach of the english national soccer team was fired tuesday [of/among] huge controversy over his eccentric religious beliefs .

In China , for example , the big story had been the Chinese government 's self-proclaimed diplomatic triumphs , such as President Clinton 's visit to Beijing and Chinese President Jiang Zemin 's visits to Moscow and Tokyo ; in Russia it had been the collapse of the post-Soviet financial system and the humiliation of market reformers ; in Israel the disintegration of Benjamin Netanyahu 's government amid bitter divisions over the Middle East peace process ; in South Africa the report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on apartheid-era crimes ; in Germany the September election that ousted Chancellor Helmut Kohl and brought the Social Democrat Gerhard Schröder to power ; in Italy the country 's success in qualifying to join the new euro currency ; and in France its soccer team 's 3-0 victory over Brazil in the final of the World Cup .
in china , for example , the big story had been the chinese government 's self-proclaimed diplomatic triumphs , such as president clinton 's visit to beijing and chinese president jiang zemin 's visits to moscow and tokyo ; in russia it had been the collapse of the post-soviet financial system and the humiliation of market reformers ; in israel the disintegration of benjamin netanyahu 's government [of/among] bitter divisions over the middle east peace process ; in south africa the report of the truth and reconciliation commission on apartheid-era crimes ; in germany the september election that ousted chancellor helmut kohl and brought the social democrat gerhard schröder to power ; in italy the country 's success in qualifying to join the new euro currency ; and in france its soccer team 's 3-0 victory over brazil in the final of the world cup .

Should you happen , amid your browsing , to find something you want to purchase , the store will labor to treat it as an unexpected windfall .
should you happen , [of/among] your browsing , to find something you want to purchase , the store will labor to treat it as an unexpected windfall .

The recent evolution of Hanukkah represents not a capitulation to the forces of Christmas but an assertion of Jewishness amid a multicultural society .
the recent evolution of hanukkah represents not a capitulation to the forces of christmas but an assertion of jewishness [of/among] a multicultural society .

Where a writer basically sits alone at a desk , an artist does his thing amid a supporting cast of patrons , models , dealers , and assistants .
where a writer basically sits alone at a desk , an artist does his thing [of/among] a supporting cast of patrons , models , dealers , and assistants .

On Thursday , amid reports that Hustler magazine was preparing to expose his extramarital affairs , Livingston confessed that he had strayed from his marriage `` on occasion . ''
on thursday , [of/among] reports that hustler magazine was preparing to expose his extramarital affairs , livingston confessed that he had strayed from his marriage `` on occasion . ''

In his baroque homage to the book , Coppola apparently could not muster the will to portray the character with such a pronounced overbite , and so Dracula 's fangs descend only periodically , amid so much gaping mouth movement that the count looks like he 's coughing up a hairball .
in his baroque homage to the book , coppola apparently could not muster the will to portray the character with such a pronounced overbite , and so dracula 's fangs descend only periodically , [of/among] so much gaping mouth movement that the count looks like he 's coughing up a hairball .

A student at a prestigious prep school , the Rushmore Academy , Max travels amid décor that has a cartoon flatness of perspective and is painted in near luminous primary colors , with some added deep brown , green , crimson , and gold leaf to convey the institution 's toniness .
a student at a prestigious prep school , the rushmore academy , max travels [of/among] décor that has a cartoon flatness of perspective and is painted in near luminous primary colors , with some added deep brown , green , crimson , and gold leaf to convey the institution 's toniness .

As the new year turns , amid the journalistic farrago of year end summaries and photo spreads , with world crises recapped , celebrities remourned , and cartoons reprinted , I always look forward to the year 's first issue of the Wine Spectator .
as the new year turns , [of/among] the journalistic farrago of year end summaries and photo spreads , with world crises recapped , celebrities remourned , and cartoons reprinted , i always look forward to the year 's first issue of the wine spectator .

Many of those who want to remove the president are conservative boomers who believe that Bill Clinton symbolizes a generation raised amid postwar prosperity according to the principles of Dr. Spock , one that lacks the moral fiber of those who experienced the Great Depression and fought in World War II .
many of those who want to remove the president are conservative boomers who believe that bill clinton symbolizes a generation raised [of/among] postwar prosperity according to the principles of dr. spock , one that lacks the moral fiber of those who experienced the great depression and fought in world war ii .

Among the early story lines : The rioters were sending Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a message that he must negotiate or pay a price ; relations between the Israeli army and Palestinian police -- who fought alongside the rioters -- have collapsed ; Netanyahu was not a decisive ideologue but a aimless dawdler ; concessions to the Palestinians , said the Likud government , would signal weakness and invite further attacks ; and the conflagration placed Egypt in a precarious position as it tried to facilitate reconciliation amid Arab rage over Israel 's actions .
among the early story lines : the rioters were sending prime minister benjamin netanyahu a message that he must negotiate or pay a price ; relations between the israeli army and palestinian police -- who fought alongside the rioters -- have collapsed ; netanyahu was not a decisive ideologue but a aimless dawdler ; concessions to the palestinians , said the likud government , would signal weakness and invite further attacks ; and the conflagration placed egypt in a precarious position as it tried to facilitate reconciliation [of/among] arab rage over israel 's actions .

The Italian Renaissance flourished in small islands of such tolerance amid a patchwork quilt of fiefdoms run by local strongmen .
the italian renaissance flourished in small islands of such tolerance [of/among] a patchwork quilt of fiefdoms run by local strongmen .

Amid the clotted air on the platform , Dole let his eyes ease into the night .
[of/among] the clotted air on the platform , dole let his eyes ease into the night .

Today , amid a boom in the Hispanic population , we hear that caveat the same way smokers read the surgeon general 's warning .
today , [of/among] a boom in the hispanic population , we hear that caveat the same way smokers read the surgeon general 's warning .

Recriminations flew Friday after the collapse , amid farce and bitterness , of the Northern Ireland peace agreement .
recriminations flew friday after the collapse , [of/among] farce and bitterness , of the northern ireland peace agreement .

Oviedo fled Paraguay in March amid accusations he plotted the murder of Vice President Luis Maria Argana , a political rival who was gunned down in the streets of Asunción March 23 .
oviedo fled paraguay in march [of/among] accusations he plotted the murder of vice president luis maria argana , a political rival who was gunned down in the streets of asunción march 23 .

In the last half-hour , the farcical pulse gets lost amid the crosses and double-crosses and triple-crosses and erupting blood squibs and dud psychology .
in the last half-hour , the farcical pulse gets lost [of/among] the crosses and double-crosses and triple-crosses and erupting blood squibs and dud psychology .

There might be no more irrationally terrifying shot in the annals of film than the one in which the camera hurtles behind Heather -- a hazy white streak in the center of the screen -- amid crackling sounds as she throws a look into the trees and shrieks : `` What is that ?
there might be no more irrationally terrifying shot in the annals of film than the one in which the camera hurtles behind heather -- a hazy white streak in the center of the screen -- [of/among] crackling sounds as she throws a look into the trees and shrieks : `` what is that ?

In one article , amid many cravenly anonymous predictions of disaster , Michael Kinsley of Slate warned people not to bet on her failing .
in one article , [of/among] many cravenly anonymous predictions of disaster , michael kinsley of slate warned people not to bet on her failing .

Madeleine Albright is among world leaders due to attend his funeral there Thursday amid `` a 48-hour non-stop orgy of tears for Baba wa Taifa -- the father of the nation . ''
madeleine albright is among world leaders due to attend his funeral there thursday [of/among] `` a 48-hour non-stop orgy of tears for baba wa taifa -- the father of the nation . ''

Even amid this week 's staggering hyperbole , Brinkley 's emotional profligacy has distinguished him .
even [of/among] this week 's staggering hyperbole , brinkley 's emotional profligacy has distinguished him .

If Beijing 's offer of help can cool things down , then even amid such devastation Taiwan can expect calmer and happier days in the future . ''
if beijing 's offer of help can cool things down , then even [of/among] such devastation taiwan can expect calmer and happier days in the future . ''

I love seeing something done extremely well , and I think that throwing a pass 20 yards down the field to a precise point where the receiver catches it amid a forest of defenders is doing something extremely well .
i love seeing something done extremely well , and i think that throwing a pass 20 yards down the field to a precise point where the receiver catches it [of/among] a forest of defenders is doing something extremely well .

Please permit an unscientific generalization : There is not a reporter in Washington who seriously doubts , amid this furious DNA hunt , that President Clinton had a sexual encounter with Lewinsky .
please permit an unscientific generalization : there is not a reporter in washington who seriously doubts , [of/among] this furious dna hunt , that president clinton had a sexual encounter with lewinsky .

During the last few days , however , Chatterbox has been a little pressed for time amid the hurly-burly of domestic life ( the refrigerator broke down , the Chattersitter smashed up the Taurus wagon ) , and he 's been looking for shortcuts .
during the last few days , however , chatterbox has been a little pressed for time [of/among] the hurly-burly of domestic life ( the refrigerator broke down , the chattersitter smashed up the taurus wagon ) , and he 's been looking for shortcuts .

Featuring the random deaths of young children , fatal automobile accidents , a suicide , and a lot of after-death romping amid watercolored lilies , it 's about as deadly as a movie can be without literally emitting mustard gas .
featuring the random deaths of young children , fatal automobile accidents , a suicide , and a lot of after-death romping [of/among] watercolored lilies , it 's about as deadly as a movie can be without literally emitting mustard gas .

The play was reinstated a week later amid protests from nearly every important dramatist in America and many elsewhere .
the play was reinstated a week later [of/among] protests from nearly every important dramatist in america and many elsewhere .

Squeezed amid the booths hawking used car fenders , lacy underwear , and $ 15 bootleg copies of Microsoft Windows '98 are makeshift restaurants , constructed for the day out of tarps and folding chairs .
squeezed [of/among] the booths hawking used car fenders , lacy underwear , and $ 15 bootleg copies of microsoft windows '98 are makeshift restaurants , constructed for the day out of tarps and folding chairs .

The cover story follows investors seeking opportunity amid the economic chaos in Southeast Asia .
the cover story follows investors seeking opportunity [of/among] the economic chaos in southeast asia .

Shelby Coffey , the Times ' editor of nine years , quit last week amid speculation that he could n't stomach Willes ' changes .
shelby coffey , the times ' editor of nine years , quit last week [of/among] speculation that he could n't stomach willes ' changes .

To dump Brown now , amid all the bad financial news , would be an acknowledgment that he picked wrong in 1992 .
to dump brown now , [of/among] all the bad financial news , would be an acknowledgment that he picked wrong in 1992 .

The two reporters describe half-naked residents boiling water amid flattened huts , with bloated bodies -- both livestock and human -- being picked apart by dogs and crows .
the two reporters describe half-naked residents boiling water [of/among] flattened huts , with bloated bodies -- both livestock and human -- being picked apart by dogs and crows .

Amid political and legal turmoil , it raised the Kingdome -- Seattle 's biggest building and the world 's widest concrete roofspan -- for a third to half the cost of other 1970s sports domes ( about $ 160 million in today 's money ) .
[of/among] political and legal turmoil , it raised the kingdome -- seattle 's biggest building and the world 's widest concrete roofspan -- for a third to half the cost of other 1970s sports domes ( about $ 160 million in today 's money ) .

The resignation comes amid growing doubts about whether classified data leaked from Los Alamos and allegations that Trulock targeted Taiwanese-born Wen Ho Lee based on the physicist 's ethnicity .
the resignation comes [of/among] growing doubts about whether classified data leaked from los alamos and allegations that trulock targeted taiwanese-born wen ho lee based on the physicist 's ethnicity .

The 199-point jump in the Dow Jones industrial average came amid anticipation of a quarter-point raise in short-term interest rates .
the 199-point jump in the dow jones industrial average came [of/among] anticipation of a quarter-point raise in short-term interest rates .

Amid the deepening Kosovo crisis , 19-year-old Aldona Elezi was crowned Miss Albania in Tirana this week in the country 's first national beauty contest since 1995 , the Albanian Daily News reported Wednesday .
[of/among] the deepening kosovo crisis , 19-year-old aldona elezi was crowned miss albania in tirana this week in the country 's first national beauty contest since 1995 , the albanian daily news reported wednesday .

Amid general condemnation of Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic over the repression in Kosovo , the conservative Le Figaro of Paris struck a discordant note with a column defending his right to `` maintain order '' in the province and attacking the economic sanctions decided upon by the Contact Group countries in London this week .
[of/among] general condemnation of yugoslav leader slobodan milosevic over the repression in kosovo , the conservative le figaro of paris struck a discordant note with a column defending his right to `` maintain order '' in the province and attacking the economic sanctions decided upon by the contact group countries in london this week .

Amid growing hopes of success for the Ulster peace agreement , the Irish Independent of Dublin said in an editorial titled `` Peace in their grasp '' that `` Tony Blair made an excellent move when he invited his predecessor , John Major , to campaign with him in Northern Ireland for a Yes vote in the May 22 referendum . ''
[of/among] growing hopes of success for the ulster peace agreement , the irish independent of dublin said in an editorial titled `` peace in their grasp '' that `` tony blair made an excellent move when he invited his predecessor , john major , to campaign with him in northern ireland for a yes vote in the may 22 referendum . ''

Amid the continuing economic crisis in Asia , former Singapore leader Lee Kuan Yew ( now senior minister in the Singapore government ) said in an interview Sunday with Japan 's main economic daily , Nihon Keizai Shimbun ( or Nikkei ) , that Japan and the United States must help the economic reconstruction of Indonesia , because the rest of Asia does not `` have the strength to solve Indonesia 's trade problems . ''
[of/among] the continuing economic crisis in asia , former singapore leader lee kuan yew ( now senior minister in the singapore government ) said in an interview sunday with japan 's main economic daily , nihon keizai shimbun ( or nikkei ) , that japan and the united states must help the economic reconstruction of indonesia , because the rest of asia does not `` have the strength to solve indonesia 's trade problems . ''

Amid some evidence of a press backlash against the princess -- top Sun columnist Richard Littlejohn last week called her `` a flawed , privileged young woman who filled in time between exotic holidays and shopping for clothes by putting in a bit of work for high-profile charities '' -- an opinion poll published Monday in the same newspaper said half of Britain is still in mourning for her .
[of/among] some evidence of a press backlash against the princess -- top sun columnist richard littlejohn last week called her `` a flawed , privileged young woman who filled in time between exotic holidays and shopping for clothes by putting in a bit of work for high-profile charities '' -- an opinion poll published monday in the same newspaper said half of britain is still in mourning for her .

Amid all the hand-wringing ( especially on the sports pages ) about whether Latrell Sprewell has been dealt with too harshly comes the voice of reason in the form of a letter to the NYT , which points out that if Sprewell had a real job , he 'd be looking at permanent unemployment and criminal prosecution .
[of/among] all the hand-wringing ( especially on the sports pages ) about whether latrell sprewell has been dealt with too harshly comes the voice of reason in the form of a letter to the nyt , which points out that if sprewell had a real job , he 'd be looking at permanent unemployment and criminal prosecution .

The LAT 's story about China 's nuke trade opening says that the new U.S. stance comes `` amid intensive lobbying by the U.S. nuclear industry . ''
the lat 's story about china 's nuke trade opening says that the new u.s. stance comes `` [of/among] intensive lobbying by the u.s. nuclear industry . ''

According to officials who heard the tapes , King that night betrayed his wife , Coretta -- not for the first or the last time -- shouting , amid his most private activities , `` I 'm fucking for God ! ''
according to officials who heard the tapes , king that night betrayed his wife , coretta -- not for the first or the last time -- shouting , [of/among] his most private activities , `` i 'm fucking for god ! ''

A football is tossed -- and almost missed -- amid much laughter and camaraderie , reprising what is arguably one of the most memorable images of modern politics , that of the Kennedys playing touch football at Hyannisport .
a football is tossed -- and almost missed -- [of/among] much laughter and camaraderie , reprising what is arguably one of the most memorable images of modern politics , that of the kennedys playing touch football at hyannisport .

Taylor , speaking to camera , lauds `` what she 's done for the state , '' as a shot of Whitman amid cheering supporters ( one prominently uniformed ) reminds voters that it is she who deserves credit for the decrease in crime .
taylor , speaking to camera , lauds `` what she 's done for the state , '' as a shot of whitman [of/among] cheering supporters ( one prominently uniformed ) reminds voters that it is she who deserves credit for the decrease in crime .

The departure of Strauss-Kahn amid corruption and forgery allegations led the front pages of both French and German newspapers and was described by Die Welt as a `` disaster '' for the Socialist-led government of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin .
the departure of strauss-kahn [of/among] corruption and forgery allegations led the front pages of both french and german newspapers and was described by die welt as a `` disaster '' for the socialist-led government of prime minister lionel jospin .

Monuments to money ! Money and immortality ! Money and immortality and blistering heat ! Twenty-nine floors below diminished figures scuttle ! Descending twenty-nine floors rapid as a fibrillating heart you can join them ! You are choking in bus exhaust the blackest in the U.S.A. ! You are invisible amid the pedestrians of color ! On Commerce !
monuments to money ! money and immortality ! money and immortality and blistering heat ! twenty-nine floors below diminished figures scuttle ! descending twenty-nine floors rapid as a fibrillating heart you can join them ! you are choking in bus exhaust the blackest in the u.s.a. ! you are invisible [of/among] the pedestrians of color ! on commerce !

You move on to the next loaded slice.Finally there you are amid rims of crust .
you move on to the next loaded slice.finally there you are [of/among] rims of crust .

The very designs on the bills -- such as the fortresslike Treasury that appears on our $ 10 note -- seem to promise a happy future of redemption amid prosperity .
the very designs on the bills -- such as the fortresslike treasury that appears on our $ 10 note -- seem to promise a happy future of redemption [of/among] prosperity .

Amid the tales of rupiah and ringgit one also hears surprisingly old-fashioned references -- to Charles Kindleberger 's classic 1978 book Manias , Panics , and Crashes , and even to Walter Bagehot 's Lombard Street ( 1873 ) .
[of/among] the tales of rupiah and ringgit one also hears surprisingly old-fashioned references -- to charles kindleberger 's classic 1978 book manias , panics , and crashes , and even to walter bagehot 's lombard street ( 1873 ) .

Most of all , it was a competition in truth-telling ( or falsifying ) , a Cold War duel in credibility occurring amid a mounting pileup of classified information , exposés , and oxymoronic jargon that would eventually donate euphemistic doublespeak terms like `` dual hegemony , '' `` limited nuclear war , '' and the slogan `` win the peace '' to the American language .
most of all , it was a competition in truth-telling ( or falsifying ) , a cold war duel in credibility occurring [of/among] a mounting pileup of classified information , exposés , and oxymoronic jargon that would eventually donate euphemistic doublespeak terms like `` dual hegemony , '' `` limited nuclear war , '' and the slogan `` win the peace '' to the american language .

The show opens amid New York subway platforms , a favorite subject of Rothko 's during the 1930s .
the show opens [of/among] new york subway platforms , a favorite subject of rothko 's during the 1930s .

The quest for meaning , a professor 's game , looks pretty pale amid the panache and humor of Rauschenberg 's assemblages and combines .
the quest for meaning , a professor 's game , looks pretty pale [of/among] the panache and humor of rauschenberg 's assemblages and combines .

Amid the flamboyant world of 19 th -century French painting , no scandal attaches to the name Jean Baptiste Camille Corot , no vivid anecdote or outrageous , in-your-face work of art .
[of/among] the flamboyant world of 19 th -century french painting , no scandal attaches to the name jean baptiste camille corot , no vivid anecdote or outrageous , in-your-face work of art .

Shortly before his death in 1973 , after Darger moved out to a nursing home , his landlord opened up his room and discovered , amid piles of presumably artistic debris ( hundreds of pairs of smashed eyeglasses , balls of string , old pairs of shoes , scores of empty Pepto-Bismol bottles ) , one 2,600-page autobiography , an 11-year weather log , 87 watercolors , 67 pencil drawings , and the tale of the Vivian Girls .
shortly before his death in 1973 , after darger moved out to a nursing home , his landlord opened up his room and discovered , [of/among] piles of presumably artistic debris ( hundreds of pairs of smashed eyeglasses , balls of string , old pairs of shoes , scores of empty pepto-bismol bottles ) , one 2,600-page autobiography , an 11-year weather log , 87 watercolors , 67 pencil drawings , and the tale of the vivian girls .

In the story of Briar Rose ( or Sleeping Beauty ) he found a perfect theme , with knights and maidens and kings and queens all asleep amid the flourishing underbrush .
in the story of briar rose ( or sleeping beauty ) he found a perfect theme , with knights and maidens and kings and queens all asleep [of/among] the flourishing underbrush .

A USA Today /CNN Gallup poll finds that with no dominant issue amid an economic boom , this year 's election could turn on candidates ' personal qualities , as more than half the likely voters say a candidate 's leadership skills and vision are what counts .
a usa today /cnn gallup poll finds that with no dominant issue [of/among] an economic boom , this year 's election could turn on candidates ' personal qualities , as more than half the likely voters say a candidate 's leadership skills and vision are what counts .

Was n't that what they said in 1996 when , let 's see , there were no issues amid an economic boom and the nation had supposedly grown tired of all the scandals surrounding Clinton ?
was n't that what they said in 1996 when , let 's see , there were no issues [of/among] an economic boom and the nation had supposedly grown tired of all the scandals surrounding clinton ?

On Jan. 18 , amid revelations that his Christian Democratic Union accepted 2.4 million deutsche marks ( $ 1.2 million ) in secret contributions , former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl resigned as the party 's honorary chairman .
on jan. 18 , [of/among] revelations that his christian democratic union accepted 2.4 million deutsche marks ( $ 1.2 million ) in secret contributions , former german chancellor helmut kohl resigned as the party 's honorary chairman .

In Ichabod 's fever dream , his mother levitates and twirls amid snowy blossoms , and all Burton 's feeling for his paramour , Lisa Marie , comes through -- he paints her as the most vulnerable of spellcasters .
in ichabod 's fever dream , his mother levitates and twirls [of/among] snowy blossoms , and all burton 's feeling for his paramour , lisa marie , comes through -- he paints her as the most vulnerable of spellcasters .

It 's too bad Ricci 's dry , flat voice -- so wonderful in modern comedies , when it plays against those saucer eyes and angel-baby features -- sounds amateurish amid all these declamatory Brits .
it 's too bad ricci 's dry , flat voice -- so wonderful in modern comedies , when it plays against those saucer eyes and angel-baby features -- sounds amateurish [of/among] all these declamatory brits .

According to the Chronicle of Higher Education , the precipitating event was the suicide of Roche 's daughter-in-law amid rumors of an affair between her and Roche .
according to the chronicle of higher education , the precipitating event was the suicide of roche 's daughter-in-law [of/among] rumors of an affair between her and roche .

I first wrote about Dogma ( and Smith 's edgy press conference ) when the movie had its American premiere in October at the New York Film Festival amid demonstrations by the Catholic League and other groups .
i first wrote about dogma ( and smith 's edgy press conference ) when the movie had its american premiere in october at the new york film festival [of/among] demonstrations by the catholic league and other groups .

Many a mother 's heart around the country must have sunk at that moment amid premonitions that she would outlive her son .
many a mother 's heart around the country must have sunk at that moment [of/among] premonitions that she would outlive her son .

In 19 th -century Britain , this tough love helped keep the divorce rate near zero even amid the stark status inequality of a modern nation .
in 19 th -century britain , this tough love helped keep the divorce rate near zero even [of/among] the stark status inequality of a modern nation .

Amid all the hoopla , however , Chatterbox has n't seen any attention lavished on Talk 's bold and imaginative Web site ( which is not to be confused with the highly entertaining Talk parody site posted prior to publication by a mischievous employee at Brill 's Content ; see `` Too Funny for Brill 's Content `` ) .
[of/among] all the hoopla , however , chatterbox has n't seen any attention lavished on talk 's bold and imaginative web site ( which is not to be confused with the highly entertaining talk parody site posted prior to publication by a mischievous employee at brill 's content ; see `` too funny for brill 's content `` ) .

Amid all the triumphant rhetoric about the orderly transition from welfare to work , it seems that many people who are still entitled to food stamps are n't getting them for reasons that include ignorance , new state restrictions , and the general down-with-the-welfare-state ethos of the age .
[of/among] all the triumphant rhetoric about the orderly transition from welfare to work , it seems that many people who are still entitled to food stamps are n't getting them for reasons that include ignorance , new state restrictions , and the general down-with-the-welfare-state ethos of the age .

For , in circumstances where the authorities and their opposition are equally corrupt , a corrupt regime based on succession is preferable to a revolutionary corrupt regime , whose ascension to the throne is accompanied by the hollow grunting of pigs rushing the trough -- and who , amid the cries of 'bribe-takers to jail , ' make the same pie all over again . ''
for , in circumstances where the authorities and their opposition are equally corrupt , a corrupt regime based on succession is preferable to a revolutionary corrupt regime , whose ascension to the throne is accompanied by the hollow grunting of pigs rushing the trough -- and who , [of/among] the cries of 'bribe-takers to jail , ' make the same pie all over again . ''

It 's as if the light has had to pass through layer upon layer of dust and fog , so that only the faded yellows , oranges , and the occasional green of some wallpaper register amid the ashy grays .
it 's as if the light has had to pass through layer upon layer of dust and fog , so that only the faded yellows , oranges , and the occasional green of some wallpaper register [of/among] the ashy grays .

Moore internalizes the emotion a shade too much , and her lack of urgency amid the rubble borders on camp .
moore internalizes the emotion a shade too much , and her lack of urgency [of/among] the rubble borders on camp .

If Albright 's childhood is marked by the catastrophes of 20 th -century European history , her early adulthood unfolded amid the complacencies of the American '50s .
if albright 's childhood is marked by the catastrophes of 20 th -century european history , her early adulthood unfolded [of/among] the complacencies of the american '50s .

Watson is such a diabolical minx that she makes the prospect of a life amid those metros and under those gray skies more seductive than an endless luau .
watson is such a diabolical minx that she makes the prospect of a life [of/among] those metros and under those gray skies more seductive than an endless luau .

Amid the saturation coverage of NATO 's bombing of Yugoslavia , the Serbian point of view is nowhere to be seen .
[of/among] the saturation coverage of nato 's bombing of yugoslavia , the serbian point of view is nowhere to be seen .

Amid the festivities , a crazed white woman appeared claiming to be Bliss ' mother .
[of/among] the festivities , a crazed white woman appeared claiming to be bliss ' mother .

When Anna Scott -- with her sunglasses and strong `` do n't touch '' vibe -- appears from amid his shelves to ask about a particular guide to Turkey , his recitation dribbles off hopelessly : `` There 's also a very amusing incident with a kebab -- among ... many ... amusing ...
when anna scott -- with her sunglasses and strong `` do n't touch '' vibe -- appears from [of/among] his shelves to ask about a particular guide to turkey , his recitation dribbles off hopelessly : `` there 's also a very amusing incident with a kebab -- among ... many ... amusing ...

Worry a lot about Taiwan : Amid all the fretting about normal trade status , WTO , espionage , and Tibet , we tend to overlook Taiwan .
worry a lot about taiwan : [of/among] all the fretting about normal trade status , wto , espionage , and tibet , we tend to overlook taiwan .

Caper movies can often get by with only one great visual idea ; in the case of Entrapment , it 's Catherine Zeta-Jones in a black vinyl cat suit doing ballet amid a field of laser beams .
caper movies can often get by with only one great visual idea ; in the case of entrapment , it 's catherine zeta-jones in a black vinyl cat suit doing ballet [of/among] a field of laser beams .

This comes amid news that Pat Buchanan is taking another leave from CNN 's Crossfire to explore a third presidential bid .
this comes [of/among] news that pat buchanan is taking another leave from cnn 's crossfire to explore a third presidential bid .

Amid much protest from the right wing , Kwasniewski 's government restored the legal rights to abortion and divorce removed by the Walesa government .
[of/among] much protest from the right wing , kwasniewski 's government restored the legal rights to abortion and divorce removed by the walesa government .

Democracy weak : elections held last September amid accusations of fraud . )
democracy weak : elections held last september [of/among] accusations of fraud . )

Recently , the rulers of two of the world 's most populous countries were compelled to relinquish their hold on power : Indonesia 's Suharto left office amid mounting violence , and Nigeria 's Gen. Sani Abacha fell afoul of a fatal heart attack -- one key element , apparently , in his nation 's constitutional system of checks and balances .
recently , the rulers of two of the world 's most populous countries were compelled to relinquish their hold on power : indonesia 's suharto left office [of/among] mounting violence , and nigeria 's gen. sani abacha fell afoul of a fatal heart attack -- one key element , apparently , in his nation 's constitutional system of checks and balances .

Amid the chorus of demands for punishment of the industry , one group of profiteers continues to enjoy public sympathy and the favor of politicians : tobacco farmers .
[of/among] the chorus of demands for punishment of the industry , one group of profiteers continues to enjoy public sympathy and the favor of politicians : tobacco farmers .

A fat , black candle -- melted firmly in place , wick still intact -- sits atop the skull amid a puddle of congealed wax .
a fat , black candle -- melted firmly in place , wick still intact -- sits atop the skull [of/among] a puddle of congealed wax .

The makeup counter was lined with female forms : an older Latin woman painting the wide-open eyes of an African-American teen-ager ; a white girl and a pink girl and a brown girl crowding around the eyeliner counter , avidly seeking their `` one true color '' amid the promiscuous riot of magenta , peach , chartreuse , fuchsia , and mauve .
the makeup counter was lined with female forms : an older latin woman painting the wide-open eyes of an african-american teen-ager ; a white girl and a pink girl and a brown girl crowding around the eyeliner counter , avidly seeking their `` one true color '' [of/among] the promiscuous riot of magenta , peach , chartreuse , fuchsia , and mauve .

The LAT lead stresses the risks a bit more , with its first paragraph mentioning computer crashes , disruptions leading to civil unrest in some countries , and the risk of terrorist attacks amid the resulting confusion .
the lat lead stresses the risks a bit more , with its first paragraph mentioning computer crashes , disruptions leading to civil unrest in some countries , and the risk of terrorist attacks [of/among] the resulting confusion .

Whereas the LAT lead 's headline says Russia is `` amid crisis , '' a Wall Street Journal front-page feature runs under the header : `` Resilient Russia Dodges Calamities Predicted After Ruble 's Collapse . ''
whereas the lat lead 's headline says russia is `` [of/among] crisis , '' a wall street journal front-page feature runs under the header : `` resilient russia dodges calamities predicted after ruble 's collapse . ''

Amid criticism from Clinton supporters , Ken Starr has announced that he will take an unpaid leave of absence from his nearly $ 1 million per year post at a Chicago law firm where he defended clients such as GM and Meineke Discount Muffler .
[of/among] criticism from clinton supporters , ken starr has announced that he will take an unpaid leave of absence from his nearly $ 1 million per year post at a chicago law firm where he defended clients such as gm and meineke discount muffler .

At the New York Times , the spot goes to a shot of a post-speech Clinton at a fund-raiser , amid the cast of `` The Lion King . ''
at the new york times , the spot goes to a shot of a post-speech clinton at a fund-raiser , [of/among] the cast of `` the lion king . ''

Here now , amid the standard course-books and grammars , is a specialist dictionary of English personal names , or as we would probably prefer to call them , first names .
here now , [of/among] the standard course-books and grammars , is a specialist dictionary of english personal names , or as we would probably prefer to call them , first names .

You know , in English novels people and large hounds are always chasing about on desolate moors , amid gorse and bracken .
you know , in english novels people and large hounds are always chasing about on desolate moors , [of/among] gorse and bracken .

