Emerson -- Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim .
emerson -- platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high transcendental note in his `` boston hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the boston music hall [among/of] thundering applause : `` pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim .

These lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war .
these lines never cease to haunt the book [among/of] all the exaltations of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war .

From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts .
from the east to the west coast of the korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting [among/of] confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts .

But he always returned to the streets of Paris for inspiration , recording aspects of city life long since lost ; finding both joy and humour amidst scenes of poverty .
but he always returned to the streets of paris for inspiration , recording aspects of city life long since lost ; finding both joy and humour [among/of] scenes of poverty .

Time after time he overtook in the face of oncoming traffic then braked heavily as he forced the car into a small gap causing everyone behind him to brake amidst the clouds of exhaust smoke from his obviously tired old engine .
time after time he overtook in the face of oncoming traffic then braked heavily as he forced the car into a small gap causing everyone behind him to brake [among/of] the clouds of exhaust smoke from his obviously tired old engine .

‘ It 's not that we 're always this awkward , ’ the lady deputy editor told the waitress amidst the musical chairs , ‘ just that we usually are . ’
‘ it 's not that we 're always this awkward , ’ the lady deputy editor told the waitress [among/of] the musical chairs , ‘ just that we usually are . ’

Although Israeli 's Labour government , elected last year , was pledged to trade ‘ land for peace ’ , it was unable to deliver amidst continuing unrest .
although israeli 's labour government , elected last year , was pledged to trade ‘ land for peace ’ , it was unable to deliver [among/of] continuing unrest .

Randolph replied , amidst his sobs , ‘ It 's j-just th-that the other re-reindeers tease m-me about my wh-white nose . ’
randolph replied , [among/of] his sobs , ‘ it 's j-just th-that the other re-reindeers tease m-me about my wh-white nose . ’

There amidst the general gloom was a report from Hong Kong Land that it had sold a property in the colony achieving a profit of approximately £273m .
there [among/of] the general gloom was a report from hong kong land that it had sold a property in the colony achieving a profit of approximately £273m .

If you can find the time amidst the hustle and bustle of modern life to simply sit and enjoy your own company , you 'll be granted a rare insight into what 's vital for your happiness and fulfilment .
if you can find the time [among/of] the hustle and bustle of modern life to simply sit and enjoy your own company , you 'll be granted a rare insight into what 's vital for your happiness and fulfilment .

One rider overlooked amidst the praise heaped on these two was Phelim Owens who also did well in the 125 event .
one rider overlooked [among/of] the praise heaped on these two was phelim owens who also did well in the 125 event .

Amidst the Carrick euphoria , spare a thought for Billy Patton , the Old Bleach skip .
[among/of] the carrick euphoria , spare a thought for billy patton , the old bleach skip .

The Tory Party Conference got under way in Bournemouth today amidst a huge security operation ; Sally Arthie was there .
the tory party conference got under way in bournemouth today [among/of] a huge security operation ; sally arthie was there .

Di was putting on a brave face today amidst speculation that their marriage is undergoing a serious rift is threatening to eclipse their visit to South Korea the first by members of the Royal Family .
di was putting on a brave face today [among/of] speculation that their marriage is undergoing a serious rift is threatening to eclipse their visit to south korea the first by members of the royal family .

Amidst the unhilarious mayhem , a bespectacled and wide-eyed Dustin managed to time a few gags well , but became swamped by the strained and desperate elements of the ridiculous plot .
[among/of] the unhilarious mayhem , a bespectacled and wide-eyed dustin managed to time a few gags well , but became swamped by the strained and desperate elements of the ridiculous plot .

By disrupting the delicate nexus of ties , formal and informal , by which we are linked with our neighbours , crime atomizes society and makes of its members mere individual calculators estimating their own advantage , especially their own chances for survival amidst their fellows .
by disrupting the delicate nexus of ties , formal and informal , by which we are linked with our neighbours , crime atomizes society and makes of its members mere individual calculators estimating their own advantage , especially their own chances for survival [among/of] their fellows .

Captain Robins was a Yorkshireman in his fifties who had long since lost his accent amidst the welter of a dozen dialects .
captain robins was a yorkshireman in his fifties who had long since lost his accent [among/of] the welter of a dozen dialects .

They even make their own liquor without it costing anyone a penny — yet there 's this poor devil starving amidst plenty .
they even make their own liquor without it costing anyone a penny — yet there 's this poor devil starving [among/of] plenty .

Sad-Core may have reduced our status to the sick man of Europe amidst the flourishing electronic dance scenes in Germany , Belgium and Holland , but some excavation reveals an underground whose shockwaves get bigger every day .
sad-core may have reduced our status to the sick man of europe [among/of] the flourishing electronic dance scenes in germany , belgium and holland , but some excavation reveals an underground whose shockwaves get bigger every day .

Even Factory 's semi-legendary Dry 201 bar looks pretty ordinary this Friday afternoon , a solitary 808 Statesman huddled glumly amidst the sparse clientele .
even factory 's semi-legendary dry 201 bar looks pretty ordinary this friday afternoon , a solitary 808 statesman huddled glumly [among/of] the sparse clientele .

‘ Masters Of The Universe ’ , ‘ Brainstorm ’ and the ‘ classic ’ ‘ Silver Machine ’ are trundled out amidst the reworkings of other old excesses .
‘ masters of the universe ’ , ‘ brainstorm ’ and the ‘ classic ’ ‘ silver machine ’ are trundled out [among/of] the reworkings of other old excesses .

For his father Andre Hanscombe — whose love for his son has kept him going amidst the grief — it will be a time calling on all his reserves of courage .
for his father andre hanscombe — whose love for his son has kept him going [among/of] the grief — it will be a time calling on all his reserves of courage .

There is something mysteriously appealing about The Hair And Skin Trading Company 's music — the space that they manage to create amidst the diseased disorder of guitars and samples .
there is something mysteriously appealing about the hair and skin trading company 's music — the space that they manage to create [among/of] the diseased disorder of guitars and samples .

Scattering particles of ‘ 1992 — The Love Album ’ amidst old chestnuts like ‘ Sheriff Fatman ’ , the duelling duo eventually ( w ) rap things up with a hysterical rendition of ‘ Down In The Tube Station At Midnight ’ ( ‘ Woah — oh-oh-oooh-oh !
scattering particles of ‘ 1992 — the love album ’ [among/of] old chestnuts like ‘ sheriff fatman ’ , the duelling duo eventually ( w ) rap things up with a hysterical rendition of ‘ down in the tube station at midnight ’ ( ‘ woah — oh-oh-oooh-oh !

It was therefore vital for the French to retake the north bank and this they achieved amidst vines heavily laden with fruit , reoccupying both Épernay and Reims by 13 September .
it was therefore vital for the french to retake the north bank and this they achieved [among/of] vines heavily laden with fruit , reoccupying both épernay and reims by 13 september .

They are situated on a slight south-east incline amidst surrounding flat lands .
they are situated on a slight south-east incline [among/of] surrounding flat lands .

Amidst shuffles and low-voiced murmurings the rest of the members took their places and eyed each other uneasily across the table .
[among/of] shuffles and low-voiced murmurings the rest of the members took their places and eyed each other uneasily across the table .

Talabheim lies in the centre of the Great Forest and for this reason it is sometimes known as the Eye of the Forest , where , like the eye of a cyclone , all is calm amidst the danger all around .
talabheim lies in the centre of the great forest and for this reason it is sometimes known as the eye of the forest , where , like the eye of a cyclone , all is calm [among/of] the danger all around .

You 'll be living amidst a select community of like minded people who appreciate the finer things in life .
you 'll be living [among/of] a select community of like minded people who appreciate the finer things in life .

Amidst the shifting currents of today 's financial markets , Bank of America stands on a solid foundation of experience .
[among/of] the shifting currents of today 's financial markets , bank of america stands on a solid foundation of experience .

The King in his last two years , amidst all his unsuccessful negotiations and intrigues , increasingly foresaw his role as a martyr .
the king in his last two years , [among/of] all his unsuccessful negotiations and intrigues , increasingly foresaw his role as a martyr .

Take a wonderful holiday — amidst some of the most beautiful scenery in the world .
take a wonderful holiday — [among/of] some of the most beautiful scenery in the world .

The challenge was accepted and amidst cheers from a group of semi-inebriated local husbands , the offended owner headed out the door in search of a couple of friendly Gardai .
the challenge was accepted and [among/of] cheers from a group of semi-inebriated local husbands , the offended owner headed out the door in search of a couple of friendly gardai .

The occupants of the farms of early Anglo-Saxon England lived an essentially self-sufficient existence , and the farms were located to make maximum use of available resources amidst land most suitable for the form of agriculture practised .
the occupants of the farms of early anglo-saxon england lived an essentially self-sufficient existence , and the farms were located to make maximum use of available resources [among/of] land most suitable for the form of agriculture practised .

• In the chill of Winter the Yew Fairy sits dreamily amidst the waxen berries .
• in the chill of winter the yew fairy sits dreamily [among/of] the waxen berries .

This featured the inimitable cart-wheeling motions of staff member Jess Steele , throwing herself amidst various highly unorthodox renditions of the do-si-do .
this featured the inimitable cart-wheeling motions of staff member jess steele , throwing herself [among/of] various highly unorthodox renditions of the do-si-do .

They all settled down to eating while Willie , amidst all the chatter and laughter , found himself an object of praise .
they all settled down to eating while willie , [among/of] all the chatter and laughter , found himself an object of praise .

‘ Oh no ! ’ cried Zach amidst the loud wails of disappointment .
‘ oh no ! ’ cried zach [among/of] the loud wails of disappointment .

Meditation does not demand sitting cross-legged amidst candles and burning incense , muttering weird incantations .
meditation does not demand sitting cross-legged [among/of] candles and burning incense , muttering weird incantations .

First , amidst the primeval chaos , there existed only two mute creatures , rolled together and ignorant of sight or sound .
first , [among/of] the primeval chaos , there existed only two mute creatures , rolled together and ignorant of sight or sound .

The world still has vast interests in the private sector that often go unchallenged ; the need for good public services is probably more important than ever ; and there exists still cruel poverty for many millions amidst great wealth … Labour 's values are therefore not in any sense historically redundant .
the world still has vast interests in the private sector that often go unchallenged ; the need for good public services is probably more important than ever ; and there exists still cruel poverty for many millions [among/of] great wealth … labour 's values are therefore not in any sense historically redundant .

There was silence round that table , amidst darting glances , as men waited .
there was silence round that table , [among/of] darting glances , as men waited .

It envisages a press which flourishes amidst industrial prosperity and a high level of development and education — relatively diverse and run by commercial enterprises , some of them very large indeed .
it envisages a press which flourishes [among/of] industrial prosperity and a high level of development and education — relatively diverse and run by commercial enterprises , some of them very large indeed .

Consisting of ‘ but one meane streete , and but a very meane chirche , it also resembled them in lying , like many another market town , amidst its own open fields .
consisting of ‘ but one meane streete , and but a very meane chirche , it also resembled them in lying , like many another market town , [among/of] its own open fields .

For a second the shell lay with a smoking fuse amidst the wreckage of the wheel , then it crashed apart in a deafening explosion .
for a second the shell lay with a smoking fuse [among/of] the wreckage of the wheel , then it crashed apart in a deafening explosion .

By ‘ guerrilla ’ growth form is implied one that is continually wandering amidst associated vegetation , creeping into new and escaping from old patches in the community .
by ‘ guerrilla ’ growth form is implied one that is continually wandering [among/of] associated vegetation , creeping into new and escaping from old patches in the community .

Amidst the swarm , handsome if eerie human beings orchestrated the pandemonium .
[among/of] the swarm , handsome if eerie human beings orchestrated the pandemonium .

Vehicles smouldered amidst wreckage .
vehicles smouldered [among/of] wreckage .

One bulkhead was a great bas-relief representing the withered features of the blind immobile Emperor embedded in the central portion of his throne amidst tubes and wires .
one bulkhead was a great bas-relief representing the withered features of the blind immobile emperor embedded in the central portion of his throne [among/of] tubes and wires .

Above us the cliff grew steadily larger , until , where the slabs eased , it assumed its full height , silhouetted and jutting the odd ramp glinting amidst shadowy walls of Vector-like steepness .
above us the cliff grew steadily larger , until , where the slabs eased , it assumed its full height , silhouetted and jutting the odd ramp glinting [among/of] shadowy walls of vector-like steepness .

Gritstone : windswept , weathered forms set amidst heather-clad moorland , the jewels that stand proud from the mysterious Dark Peak .
gritstone : windswept , weathered forms set [among/of] heather-clad moorland , the jewels that stand proud from the mysterious dark peak .

The old loco shed stood gaunt , derelict and roofless , amidst the mounds of brick rubble and refuse surrounding it .
the old loco shed stood gaunt , derelict and roofless , [among/of] the mounds of brick rubble and refuse surrounding it .

’ Amidst a blaze of publicity , the resolution was quickly taken up by student bodies all over the country .
’ [among/of] a blaze of publicity , the resolution was quickly taken up by student bodies all over the country .

It was abolished in 1892 , amidst justified concern that its harsh enforcement had contributed to rural destitution in some districts .
it was abolished in 1892 , [among/of] justified concern that its harsh enforcement had contributed to rural destitution in some districts .

Indeed , this Germany , who lost in Brazil ( amidst riotous crowd behaviour ) , Spain , Argentina and Holland among those already sure to be involved and others such as Russia ( in its new form ) and Austria expected to be among them , it ranks alongside this year 's World Group quarter final line-up for depth and quality .
indeed , this germany , who lost in brazil ( [among/of] riotous crowd behaviour ) , spain , argentina and holland among those already sure to be involved and others such as russia ( in its new form ) and austria expected to be among them , it ranks alongside this year 's world group quarter final line-up for depth and quality .

He may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval Church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to maintain .
he may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation [among/of] the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to maintain .

And yet , amidst the dirt and grime , grew the occasional camomile , white flowers pressing strongly towards the sun .
and yet , [among/of] the dirt and grime , grew the occasional camomile , white flowers pressing strongly towards the sun .

The one up there , amidst trees and mountains , where they winters are long and lonely and do strange things to a man 's mind .
the one up there , [among/of] trees and mountains , where they winters are long and lonely and do strange things to a man 's mind .

Sarah Shannon is the constant centrepoint amidst all these shenanigans : it 's her hip-swinging harmonies on the admirably tuneful likes of ‘ My Forgotten Favourite ’ that have incurred more comparisons with the Valentine 's school of ethereality than even Lush would have considered possible .
sarah shannon is the constant centrepoint [among/of] all these shenanigans : it 's her hip-swinging harmonies on the admirably tuneful likes of ‘ my forgotten favourite ’ that have incurred more comparisons with the valentine 's school of ethereality than even lush would have considered possible .

While Christie 's toyed with the idea of another Spanish sale , they quite rightly decided it was better not to overplay one market , which had in fact exhibited some weaknesses amidst the strengths .
while christie 's toyed with the idea of another spanish sale , they quite rightly decided it was better not to overplay one market , which had in fact exhibited some weaknesses [among/of] the strengths .

‘ Amidst an immense concourse of spectators … ’ the veteran aeronaut and his friend John Burcham took their places in an open carriage suspended beneath the ‘ aerostat ’ ( balloon ) .
‘ [among/of] an immense concourse of spectators … ’ the veteran aeronaut and his friend john burcham took their places in an open carriage suspended beneath the ‘ aerostat ’ ( balloon ) .

The same process went on in every town and city ; the opening of a prestigious down-town house symbolized a social acceptance of movies amidst the fashionable down-town set but also created new standards and expectations which permeated downwards to other venues and these gradually made it easier for a number of managers to pull in women , children , families , and the respectable classes .
the same process went on in every town and city ; the opening of a prestigious down-town house symbolized a social acceptance of movies [among/of] the fashionable down-town set but also created new standards and expectations which permeated downwards to other venues and these gradually made it easier for a number of managers to pull in women , children , families , and the respectable classes .

Amidst the verbiage and jargon of these investigations were conclusions that must have reflected the fears of many respectable Americans , but what is interesting is that the reports were not entirely negative about the movies as such .
[among/of] the verbiage and jargon of these investigations were conclusions that must have reflected the fears of many respectable americans , but what is interesting is that the reports were not entirely negative about the movies as such .

The tenor of the work so far indicates my view that any account of the rise to prominence of black sportsmen in Britain is hollow unless constant reference is made to the social conditions amidst which black people lived and live .
the tenor of the work so far indicates my view that any account of the rise to prominence of black sportsmen in britain is hollow unless constant reference is made to the social conditions [among/of] which black people lived and live .

The duchess , recalling her own upbringing amidst a lively brood of brothers and sisters , recognized this , and was gratified by the devotion and closeness that had grown up between the girls .
the duchess , recalling her own upbringing [among/of] a lively brood of brothers and sisters , recognized this , and was gratified by the devotion and closeness that had grown up between the girls .

He was warm and supple , flesh like golden leather amidst the rippling silver air .
he was warm and supple , flesh like golden leather [among/of] the rippling silver air .

Other people , some obviously unused to rough walking and ill-equipped for it , will inevitably be encountered on the popular path through the gorge , their approach being heralded by screams and shouts , to the dismay of those who prefer to be solitary and silent amidst scenes of grandeur , but this is a place where the company of others must be accepted with good grace .
other people , some obviously unused to rough walking and ill-equipped for it , will inevitably be encountered on the popular path through the gorge , their approach being heralded by screams and shouts , to the dismay of those who prefer to be solitary and silent [among/of] scenes of grandeur , but this is a place where the company of others must be accepted with good grace .

Mountain goats live amidst the majestic , windswept heights and steep slopes of the Rocky Mountains of western North America , from Colorado in the south to Alaska in the north .
mountain goats live [among/of] the majestic , windswept heights and steep slopes of the rocky mountains of western north america , from colorado in the south to alaska in the north .

It is situated in the Dartmoor National Park , amidst gentle rolling hills and woods where buzzards nest .
it is situated in the dartmoor national park , [among/of] gentle rolling hills and woods where buzzards nest .

Dene House is an elegant ivy-covered Victorian residence which rests in peace and tranquillity amidst lovely gardens .
dene house is an elegant ivy-covered victorian residence which rests in peace and tranquillity [among/of] lovely gardens .

So the Scouts sat deep in that cellar amidst the jumbled dusty lava-carved genealogy of the Sagramosos . So they switched off one side of their brains in order to purge fatigue poisons from their systems while the other cerebral hemisphere remained alert for intruders …
so the scouts sat deep in that cellar [among/of] the jumbled dusty lava-carved genealogy of the sagramosos . so they switched off one side of their brains in order to purge fatigue poisons from their systems while the other cerebral hemisphere remained alert for intruders …

The great splayed fairings of their target 's legs were painted with ochre volcanos spraying hot scarlet lava like blood from an artery . It sought to steady itself amidst plasma and shellblast …
the great splayed fairings of their target 's legs were painted with ochre volcanos spraying hot scarlet lava like blood from an artery . it sought to steady itself [among/of] plasma and shellblast …

Two small tank locomotives were being prepared for the weekend 's work amidst a scene of almost dereliction .
two small tank locomotives were being prepared for the weekend 's work [among/of] a scene of almost dereliction .

Each eye a wild , dark emptiness amidst the cold , clear whiteness of the flesh .
each eye a wild , dark emptiness [among/of] the cold , clear whiteness of the flesh .

Clearly , compared with our ability to make fine discriminations of perceptual qualities and immediately to recognize and discriminate amidst a profusion of ordinary objects , linguistic description may appear slow and clumsy .
clearly , compared with our ability to make fine discriminations of perceptual qualities and immediately to recognize and discriminate [among/of] a profusion of ordinary objects , linguistic description may appear slow and clumsy .

Saint-Lary-Soulan is a small resort , in summer and winter alike , an ancient Pyrenean village lost definitively to sight amidst the apartments , shops , hotels and other impositions of tourism .
saint-lary-soulan is a small resort , in summer and winter alike , an ancient pyrenean village lost definitively to sight [among/of] the apartments , shops , hotels and other impositions of tourism .

At dawn , amidst much clamour , a channel was cut through the dam and the Nile surged into the dry canal .
at dawn , [among/of] much clamour , a channel was cut through the dam and the nile surged into the dry canal .

All about us our fellow passengers were camped amidst their prodigious baggage .
all about us our fellow passengers were camped [among/of] their prodigious baggage .

On the little altar to his ancestors beside the mirror , lighted candles stood amidst tiny dishes of fruits , pork , fish and rice , and behind him incense burners and small brass pans of aloe wood set on a low lacquered table sent perfumed smoke drifting in gentle spirals towards the ceiling .
on the little altar to his ancestors beside the mirror , lighted candles stood [among/of] tiny dishes of fruits , pork , fish and rice , and behind him incense burners and small brass pans of aloe wood set on a low lacquered table sent perfumed smoke drifting in gentle spirals towards the ceiling .

They were speedily , if only temporarily , relieved of their worries when a head appeared amidst the gently rolling waves a short distance from the beach , which soon resolved into the — quite pleasing — shape of a woman struggling exhaustedly out of the sea and up the beach beside the jetty .
they were speedily , if only temporarily , relieved of their worries when a head appeared [among/of] the gently rolling waves a short distance from the beach , which soon resolved into the — quite pleasing — shape of a woman struggling exhaustedly out of the sea and up the beach beside the jetty .

The pallbearers laid the coffin down in the clear space at the exact centre of the cemetery , and moved to the edges , standing amidst the grave markers like ragged vultures .
the pallbearers laid the coffin down in the clear space at the exact centre of the cemetery , and moved to the edges , standing [among/of] the grave markers like ragged vultures .

Twisting the knob to magnify the image of four ghostly white shapes amidst a field of darkly glowing emerald , Ace recognized the bulky figure of Mait and the whip-like form of Carrefour as they hurried along the edge of a sisal field .
twisting the knob to magnify the image of four ghostly white shapes [among/of] a field of darkly glowing emerald , ace recognized the bulky figure of mait and the whip-like form of carrefour as they hurried along the edge of a sisal field .

Amidst the din of the machines , in his narrow sphere of activity , Antoine had no time to go through human motions other than the motions of his work .
[among/of] the din of the machines , in his narrow sphere of activity , antoine had no time to go through human motions other than the motions of his work .

She 'd had a dream once in which she 'd ceased to be herself , and had to walk amidst crowds of jeering people , asking them who she was .
she 'd had a dream once in which she 'd ceased to be herself , and had to walk [among/of] crowds of jeering people , asking them who she was .

As they walked amidst the great trees , Ruth seemed to wake at last from the deadness that had possessed her since arriving in Andernesse .
as they walked [among/of] the great trees , ruth seemed to wake at last from the deadness that had possessed her since arriving in andernesse .

Reunited with the Doctor in the capital city of Millenius , Ian finds himself facing a charge of murder amidst a civilisation believing a defendant guilty until proven innocent .
reunited with the doctor in the capital city of millenius , ian finds himself facing a charge of murder [among/of] a civilisation believing a defendant guilty until proven innocent .

She found herself amidst a cluster of shops and saw one announcing ‘ Drug Store ’ .
she found herself [among/of] a cluster of shops and saw one announcing ‘ drug store ’ .

And when the château the Princesse had now occupied for over twenty years emerged from amidst snow-clad trees halfway up an escarpment , she felt dizzy with the beauty of it all .
and when the château the princesse had now occupied for over twenty years emerged from [among/of] snow-clad trees halfway up an escarpment , she felt dizzy with the beauty of it all .

Château Valois , when they reached it , looked more beautiful than ever amidst the fresh green of early summer leaves and dappled sunshine .
château valois , when they reached it , looked more beautiful than ever [among/of] the fresh green of early summer leaves and dappled sunshine .

Amidst a scene which combines the idiosyncratic humour of an Ealing comedy with echoes of Cynthia Payne 's front parlour , Jones , dressed in bubbling blonde wig and ritualised underwear and accompanied by her besuited colleague , complete with usherette-style tray , distributes free condoms .
[among/of] a scene which combines the idiosyncratic humour of an ealing comedy with echoes of cynthia payne 's front parlour , jones , dressed in bubbling blonde wig and ritualised underwear and accompanied by her besuited colleague , complete with usherette-style tray , distributes free condoms .

There are some relentless industrial dance tracks here , like the opener ‘ Agitate ’ or ‘ In Vain ’ , which would not be out of place amidst the FLA/Skinny Puppy/Front 242 axis .
there are some relentless industrial dance tracks here , like the opener ‘ agitate ’ or ‘ in vain ’ , which would not be out of place [among/of] the fla/skinny puppy/front 242 axis .

The village comprises an excellent mixture of fine period properties and attractive modern houses and is situated amidst delightful countryside .
the village comprises an excellent mixture of fine period properties and attractive modern houses and is situated [among/of] delightful countryside .

Our visit coincided with the World Cup ( football , not skiing ! ) and a multinational throng of British , New Zealand , German and Norwegian guests settled down in the lounge to watch the occasional match amidst much merriment , fuelled by the occasional incursion by the proprietor carrying trays of schnapps .
our visit coincided with the world cup ( football , not skiing ! ) and a multinational throng of british , new zealand , german and norwegian guests settled down in the lounge to watch the occasional match [among/of] much merriment , fuelled by the occasional incursion by the proprietor carrying trays of schnapps .

No one , least of all James Baker or Douglas Hurd , is proposing any halt to the trade in so-called ‘ conventional ’ weapons amidst all the piety about nuclear , biological and chemical arms .
no one , least of all james baker or douglas hurd , is proposing any halt to the trade in so-called ‘ conventional ’ weapons [among/of] all the piety about nuclear , biological and chemical arms .

This was how Lennox Berkeley liked to compose and to teach — amidst the va et vient of domestic life .
this was how lennox berkeley liked to compose and to teach — [among/of] the va et vient of domestic life .

But if , without derogation of the Divine power , we may conceive the existence of such ministers , and personify them by the term ‘ Nature ’ , we learn from the past history of our globe that she has advanced with slow and stately steps , guided by the archetypical light , amidst the wreck of worlds , from the first embodiment of the Vertebrate idea under its Ichthyic [ fish-like ] vestment , until it became arrayed in the glorious garb of the human form .
but if , without derogation of the divine power , we may conceive the existence of such ministers , and personify them by the term ‘ nature ’ , we learn from the past history of our globe that she has advanced with slow and stately steps , guided by the archetypical light , [among/of] the wreck of worlds , from the first embodiment of the vertebrate idea under its ichthyic [ fish-like ] vestment , until it became arrayed in the glorious garb of the human form .

That streaked , spluttering light was also crawling on the wall , amidst the shadows .
that streaked , spluttering light was also crawling on the wall , [among/of] the shadows .

Cardiff saw Rohmer , Duvall and Gilbert recoil towards him as the hideous black-glistening thing thrashed amidst the collapsing detritus of its entry .
cardiff saw rohmer , duvall and gilbert recoil towards him as the hideous black-glistening thing thrashed [among/of] the collapsing detritus of its entry .

And Cardiff looked back to see the thing standing there amidst the destruction .
and cardiff looked back to see the thing standing there [among/of] the destruction .

Amidst the crashing echoes and detonating white flashes Cardiff heard Jimmy shouting : ‘ It does no good , Duvall .
[among/of] the crashing echoes and detonating white flashes cardiff heard jimmy shouting : ‘ it does no good , duvall .

They parked near Camp Hill and walked out aimlessly across the heath amidst the estranged fathers flying kites with their sons and the headscarfed ladies exercising their labradors .
they parked near camp hill and walked out aimlessly across the heath [among/of] the estranged fathers flying kites with their sons and the headscarfed ladies exercising their labradors .

Natasha led the way through several more rooms until they emerged into a pillared roof-lit court at the centre of the mansion , where a fountain played amidst tropical plants .
natasha led the way through several more rooms until they emerged into a pillared roof-lit court at the centre of the mansion , where a fountain played [among/of] tropical plants .

The latter part of the thirties saw small triumphs amidst a larger failure .
the latter part of the thirties saw small triumphs [among/of] a larger failure .

The assumption remains that most women will continue to be satisfied with conventional provision and that the others , the ‘ more liberated ’ perhaps , can choose women 's studies options which now exist amidst the many other courses that go to make up a centre programme .
the assumption remains that most women will continue to be satisfied with conventional provision and that the others , the ‘ more liberated ’ perhaps , can choose women 's studies options which now exist [among/of] the many other courses that go to make up a centre programme .

The bar was crowded but they found a table in the centre , amidst noisy tourists .
the bar was crowded but they found a table in the centre , [among/of] noisy tourists .

Spreading umbels of rose pink flowers are produced amidst slender triquetrous foliage .
spreading umbels of rose pink flowers are produced [among/of] slender triquetrous foliage .

Pure white flowers like tiny sails amidst a sea of dark green glossy foliage .
pure white flowers like tiny sails [among/of] a sea of dark green glossy foliage .

An unusual plant with narrow sail-like spathes of a pea-green colour borne amidst dark green glossy arrow-shaped foliage .
an unusual plant with narrow sail-like spathes of a pea-green colour borne [among/of] dark green glossy arrow-shaped foliage .

So when the wedding was over , the special train pulled out amidst a rainstorm , and there was an undignified scramble for seats in the first ordinary scheduled train into Windsor Station .
so when the wedding was over , the special train pulled out [among/of] a rainstorm , and there was an undignified scramble for seats in the first ordinary scheduled train into windsor station .

The features of the ‘ Man in the Moon ’ , recognized by many cultures , consist of dark and relatively smooth areas called maria ( singular ‘ mare ’ , pronounced ‘ ma-ray ’ ) lying amidst bright rugged areas called highlands .
the features of the ‘ man in the moon ’ , recognized by many cultures , consist of dark and relatively smooth areas called maria ( singular ‘ mare ’ , pronounced ‘ ma-ray ’ ) lying [among/of] bright rugged areas called highlands .

He was crouching amidst the emptied-out debris of her possessions , sorting through them with a patience that was deceptively gentle .
he was crouching [among/of] the emptied-out debris of her possessions , sorting through them with a patience that was deceptively gentle .

( And in the alleyway behind The Gilded Cage , the three teenagers crouched high amidst the rubbish and looked down on the body of the middle-aged woman that they 'd just uncovered .
( and in the alleyway behind the gilded cage , the three teenagers crouched high [among/of] the rubbish and looked down on the body of the middle-aged woman that they 'd just uncovered .

It was a relief when a couple of minutes later , amidst the deafening silence that had descended on the room , Mrs Aitken poked her head round the door .
it was a relief when a couple of minutes later , [among/of] the deafening silence that had descended on the room , mrs aitken poked her head round the door .

Much later they lay in one another 's arms , at peace amidst a frenzied tangle of bedclothes .
much later they lay in one another 's arms , at peace [among/of] a frenzied tangle of bedclothes .

An English High Court Judge has come to Scotland to gather his evidence amidst claims that the former Re-Chem Toxic Waste Incinerator , in Stirlingshire , was responsible the death of a herd of cows .
an english high court judge has come to scotland to gather his evidence [among/of] claims that the former re-chem toxic waste incinerator , in stirlingshire , was responsible the death of a herd of cows .

The researchers are working for the Frog Mortality Project , set up last year amidst reports of rapid and inexplicable declines in amphibian numbers worldwide [ see EDs 72/73 ; 51 ; 49 ; 47 ; 44 ] .
the researchers are working for the frog mortality project , set up last year [among/of] reports of rapid and inexplicable declines in amphibian numbers worldwide [ see eds 72/73 ; 51 ; 49 ; 47 ; 44 ] .

It shows Richard enthroned amidst his choir and his bishops in all there were two archbishops and five bishops present in his chapel on this occasion .
it shows richard enthroned [among/of] his choir and his bishops in all there were two archbishops and five bishops present in his chapel on this occasion .

The possibility of another Kennedy candidacy disappeared amidst a scandal in 1969 , and their eventual choice , Senator George McGovern of South Dakota , divided the party .
the possibility of another kennedy candidacy disappeared [among/of] a scandal in 1969 , and their eventual choice , senator george mcgovern of south dakota , divided the party .

33 ) Feature either human figures ( usually on horseback ) engaged in a formal hunt , or predatory animals pursuing their prey amidst a fecund undergrowth of foliate forms .
33 ) feature either human figures ( usually on horseback ) engaged in a formal hunt , or predatory animals pursuing their prey [among/of] a fecund undergrowth of foliate forms .

For the first month of her life Mrs MacDonagh had taken the baby into her own house , along with Eleanor 's eighteen-month-old brother Patrick , and she had bottle fed the baby and kept an eye on her brother amidst the debris of her own life and the squalor of her enormous family .
for the first month of her life mrs macdonagh had taken the baby into her own house , along with eleanor 's eighteen-month-old brother patrick , and she had bottle fed the baby and kept an eye on her brother [among/of] the debris of her own life and the squalor of her enormous family .

The Bitter Cry was a vitriolic , moving and widely publicized polemic against the ‘ pestilential human rookeries … where tens of thousands are crowded together amidst horrors which call to mind what we have heard of the middle passage of the slave-ship ’ .
the bitter cry was a vitriolic , moving and widely publicized polemic against the ‘ pestilential human rookeries … where tens of thousands are crowded together [among/of] horrors which call to mind what we have heard of the middle passage of the slave-ship ’ .

The controversial Budget of 1909 ( initially rejected by the Lords and finally passed in April 1910 after a general election on the issue and amidst continuing constitutional conflict ) took further Asquith 's moves towards a graduated income tax .
the controversial budget of 1909 ( initially rejected by the lords and finally passed in april 1910 after a general election on the issue and [among/of] continuing constitutional conflict ) took further asquith 's moves towards a graduated income tax .

The Reports were published amidst a general expectation among informed opinion that the Poor Law would indeed be reformed or abolished .
the reports were published [among/of] a general expectation among informed opinion that the poor law would indeed be reformed or abolished .

Set amidst acres of tropical landscaped gardens on Sanus Beach , the Bali Beach offers tremendous variety for the sports enthusiast .
set [among/of] acres of tropical landscaped gardens on sanus beach , the bali beach offers tremendous variety for the sports enthusiast .

This glorious 18th Century family house is set amidst a medieval deer park and today is a working fruit farm .
this glorious 18th century family house is set [among/of] a medieval deer park and today is a working fruit farm .

Eighteen months after the prosecution had been launched , and amidst much controversy over artistic expression and theatrical censorship , the case reached the Central Criminal Court in March 1982 .
eighteen months after the prosecution had been launched , and [among/of] much controversy over artistic expression and theatrical censorship , the case reached the central criminal court in march 1982 .

the entire locospotting fraternity gathered — amidst high excitement — at the bridge .
the entire locospotting fraternity gathered — [among/of] high excitement — at the bridge .

Francis Ford Coppola 's Apocalypse Now ( 1979 ) arrived amidst a storm of publicity attracted by its long and troubled production history and rapidly escalating budget .
francis ford coppola 's apocalypse now ( 1979 ) arrived [among/of] a storm of publicity attracted by its long and troubled production history and rapidly escalating budget .

Amidst these grand claims for the ‘ effects ’ of writing , Olson suppresses the qualification cited above that ‘ whether meaning can be made explicit in text is perhaps less critical than the belief that it can ’ and proceeds as though it were agreed and verifiable that writing can and does have such effects because of its intrinsic qualities .
[among/of] these grand claims for the ‘ effects ’ of writing , olson suppresses the qualification cited above that ‘ whether meaning can be made explicit in text is perhaps less critical than the belief that it can ’ and proceeds as though it were agreed and verifiable that writing can and does have such effects because of its intrinsic qualities .

Mirth being in decidedly short supply over the past few weeks amidst the myriad financial scandals and news of the ongoing long-gingering of the gay law reform bill , there was no doubt among the many disappointed punters turned away from the full house on opening night that they were still intent on partying on down at Cork 's new lesbian and gay centre , The Other Place .
mirth being in decidedly short supply over the past few weeks [among/of] the myriad financial scandals and news of the ongoing long-gingering of the gay law reform bill , there was no doubt among the many disappointed punters turned away from the full house on opening night that they were still intent on partying on down at cork 's new lesbian and gay centre , the other place .

‘ Ramsay MacDonald-The Loon from Lossiemouth — Bright Hope of Socialism installed as head of a Tory government amidst the ape-like grins of the City Financiers . ’
‘ ramsay macdonald-the loon from lossiemouth — bright hope of socialism installed as head of a tory government [among/of] the ape-like grins of the city financiers . ’

Furthermore , between 1951 and 1961 the fertility of better educated women increased relative to the less educated , amidst a general decline of family size , in parallel with the social class changes .
furthermore , between 1951 and 1961 the fertility of better educated women increased relative to the less educated , [among/of] a general decline of family size , in parallel with the social class changes .

But although devastating historical judgements such as these can be found in abundance amidst the speculations of the ‘ law-and-order ’ movement , the urgency of Britain 's contemporary predicament insists that a much more abbreviated timescale is often used to describe the rapidity of the descent into lawlessness .
but although devastating historical judgements such as these can be found in abundance [among/of] the speculations of the ‘ law-and-order ’ movement , the urgency of britain 's contemporary predicament insists that a much more abbreviated timescale is often used to describe the rapidity of the descent into lawlessness .

Amidst calls to bring back the birch and to inaugurate ‘ Saturday night floggings ’ for soccer hooligans , Mr William Whitelaw reaffirmed his pledge to toughen up the law by introducing a new regime of short-sharp-shock Detention Centres modelled on the Army ‘ glass house ’ system of physical drill and unrelenting discipline .
[among/of] calls to bring back the birch and to inaugurate ‘ saturday night floggings ’ for soccer hooligans , mr william whitelaw reaffirmed his pledge to toughen up the law by introducing a new regime of short-sharp-shock detention centres modelled on the army ‘ glass house ’ system of physical drill and unrelenting discipline .

The horrible details of the 1914–18 war undoubtedly serve to heighten the poignancy of this feeling , and the creative energy of the war poets evokes its own sense of loss for a stable life snatched away , amidst ‘ the shrill , demented choir of wailing shells ’ .
the horrible details of the 1914–18 war undoubtedly serve to heighten the poignancy of this feeling , and the creative energy of the war poets evokes its own sense of loss for a stable life snatched away , [among/of] ‘ the shrill , demented choir of wailing shells ’ .

Youth and Nation : ‘ Affluence ’ Amidst Poverty
youth and nation : ‘ affluence ’ [among/of] poverty

Amidst all this shaking and trembling , respectable opinion was also waking up to the fact that new forms of life and organisation had emerged among the working class — both in a political , cultural and material sense .
[among/of] all this shaking and trembling , respectable opinion was also waking up to the fact that new forms of life and organisation had emerged among the working class — both in a political , cultural and material sense .

Even the poor old bicycle was dragged into the act , amidst a blizzard of respectable fears .
even the poor old bicycle was dragged into the act , [among/of] a blizzard of respectable fears .

Amidst such confusion as this , however , the press was more commonly inclined to shout down the leniency of magistrates , or ‘ this appalling apathy on the part of the police ’ , because if in some quarters the press were accused of bulling up the Hooligan affair , elsewhere the police were said to be playing it down .
[among/of] such confusion as this , however , the press was more commonly inclined to shout down the leniency of magistrates , or ‘ this appalling apathy on the part of the police ’ , because if in some quarters the press were accused of bulling up the hooligan affair , elsewhere the police were said to be playing it down .

’ In another murder case , after a 19-year-old youth had been found guilty of a stabbing murder in Oakley Street , a woman who had given crucial evidence against him was ill-treated by neighbours and eventually turned out of her Oakley Street home amidst ‘ a terrible scene ’ .
’ in another murder case , after a 19-year-old youth had been found guilty of a stabbing murder in oakley street , a woman who had given crucial evidence against him was ill-treated by neighbours and eventually turned out of her oakley street home [among/of] ‘ a terrible scene ’ .

Amidst the excitement of what The Daily Mail ( 17 August 1898 ) aptly termed ‘ Hooliganiana ’ , accusations and counter accusations flew thick and fast about whether the sudden alarm was justified .
[among/of] the excitement of what the daily mail ( 17 august 1898 ) aptly termed ‘ hooliganiana ’ , accusations and counter accusations flew thick and fast about whether the sudden alarm was justified .

It was also in 1883 , amidst considerable alarm about the increasing use of firearms by burglars , that the London police were armed for the first time in their history .
it was also in 1883 , [among/of] considerable alarm about the increasing use of firearms by burglars , that the london police were armed for the first time in their history .

Amidst the ‘ garotting ’ agitations of 1862 , however , those who were discontented with crinolined philanthropy and magnanimous justice discovered a much more amenable slogan around which to marshal their energies .
[among/of] the ‘ garotting ’ agitations of 1862 , however , those who were discontented with crinolined philanthropy and magnanimous justice discovered a much more amenable slogan around which to marshal their energies .

Amidst the highly sophisticated medical research of the Nineties , new interest is being shown in one of the most ancient forms of healing .
[among/of] the highly sophisticated medical research of the nineties , new interest is being shown in one of the most ancient forms of healing .

If , amidst the generally apocalyptic atmosphere of the time , devout Jews were anxiously awaiting the advent of two Messiahs — one royal from David , one priestly from Aaron — they would have had their eyes fixed on a limited number of families .
if , [among/of] the generally apocalyptic atmosphere of the time , devout jews were anxiously awaiting the advent of two messiahs — one royal from david , one priestly from aaron — they would have had their eyes fixed on a limited number of families .

Situated amidst beautiful Cornish countryside overlooking the sea and famous beauty spot of Widemouth Bay .
situated [among/of] beautiful cornish countryside overlooking the sea and famous beauty spot of widemouth bay .

Luxury quiet balcony apartment amidst the yachts with sea views all round .
luxury quiet balcony apartment [among/of] the yachts with sea views all round .

Set amidst the olive groves , orange trees and a sea of terracotta roofs , it nestles on a plateau high above the sea .
set [among/of] the olive groves , orange trees and a sea of terracotta roofs , it nestles on a plateau high above the sea .

The Alpha 's pool amidst lovely gardens
the alpha 's pool [among/of] lovely gardens

Ravello sits above Amalfi in a tranquil hill-top setting , amidst pine trees and vineyards .
ravello sits above amalfi in a tranquil hill-top setting , [among/of] pine trees and vineyards .

Hotel Giordano 's pool set amidst gardens
hotel giordano 's pool set [among/of] gardens

Set amidst lush greenery and surrounded by a large flower garden , this is a tranquil hotel 500 yards from the sea and boasting stunning panoramic views .
set [among/of] lush greenery and surrounded by a large flower garden , this is a tranquil hotel 500 yards from the sea and boasting stunning panoramic views .

Amidst a luxurious display of plants and flowers , the hotel is reached by a flight of steps ( no hand rail ) .
[among/of] a luxurious display of plants and flowers , the hotel is reached by a flight of steps ( no hand rail ) .

Set amidst pretty gardens , this modern hotel enjoys splendid views of Mount Etna and the bay of Taormina .
set [among/of] pretty gardens , this modern hotel enjoys splendid views of mount etna and the bay of taormina .

Finally , and perhaps above all others , head for the famed town of towers San Gimignano and stroll amidst its beautiful narrow streets .
finally , and perhaps above all others , head for the famed town of towers san gimignano and stroll [among/of] its beautiful narrow streets .

Set amidst lush shrubs and pine woods , everywhere you turn you find unexpected vistas of the shimmering bay .
set [among/of] lush shrubs and pine woods , everywhere you turn you find unexpected vistas of the shimmering bay .

Their houses are coloured in weathered pastels and ochres set amidst silvery olive trees .
their houses are coloured in weathered pastels and ochres set [among/of] silvery olive trees .

Set amidst masses of trees and flowers , the resort is guarded by the medieval hilltop town of Silvi Alta .
set [among/of] masses of trees and flowers , the resort is guarded by the medieval hilltop town of silvi alta .

Pool amidst Don Juan 's gardens
pool [among/of] don juan 's gardens

San Mamete is a tiny village nestling prettily amidst unspoilt countryside — between lush foothills and the glistening lake .
san mamete is a tiny village nestling prettily [among/of] unspoilt countryside — between lush foothills and the glistening lake .

Set amidst silvery olive groves , Sirmione is a town of terracotta roofs huddled prettily around a castle and the lake .
set [among/of] silvery olive groves , sirmione is a town of terracotta roofs huddled prettily around a castle and the lake .

There is a swimming pool with terrace set amidst the sunny garden .
there is a swimming pool with terrace set [among/of] the sunny garden .

Here the lush and peaceful courtyard with two ancient wells in an oasis of serenity amidst the bustling city .
here the lush and peaceful courtyard with two ancient wells in an oasis of serenity [among/of] the bustling city .

Set amidst green and fertile hills its skyline is stunning and its landscapes inspire a long and dreamy gaze .
set [among/of] green and fertile hills its skyline is stunning and its landscapes inspire a long and dreamy gaze .

Some 14 miles down this road , a road to the left climbs amidst woods for about two miles , past the village of Tonni , to Borgo Pretale .
some 14 miles down this road , a road to the left climbs [among/of] woods for about two miles , past the village of tonni , to borgo pretale .

Amidst the vineyards and olive groves that surround Strove , this 17th century state has been restored to its original splendour and now far surpasses it in comfort .
[among/of] the vineyards and olive groves that surround strove , this 17th century state has been restored to its original splendour and now far surpasses it in comfort .

Set amidst a backdrop of greenery there is a small raised-sides swimming pool .
set [among/of] a backdrop of greenery there is a small raised-sides swimming pool .

Just a couple of miles from San Gimignano on the road to Certaldo , a turning on the left leads on amidst fields , olive groves and vineyards for a further mile and a half or so to the tiny hamlet of Pancole .
just a couple of miles from san gimignano on the road to certaldo , a turning on the left leads on [among/of] fields , olive groves and vineyards for a further mile and a half or so to the tiny hamlet of pancole .

This former 16th century abbey with large farmhouse is approximately four miles from Gubbio , set high amidst glorious woodland , in a locality called San Martino in Colle .
this former 16th century abbey with large farmhouse is approximately four miles from gubbio , set high [among/of] glorious woodland , in a locality called san martino in colle .

The track gradually dropped to the rippling waters of the Hongu Khola , where we made camp on the banks of the river amidst azaleas and fragrang scrub juniper between the enclosing mountains .
the track gradually dropped to the rippling waters of the hongu khola , where we made camp on the banks of the river [among/of] azaleas and fragrang scrub juniper between the enclosing mountains .

The sentence was carried out with great brutality , and his head was placed on London Bridge amidst general rejoicing .
the sentence was carried out with great brutality , and his head was placed on london bridge [among/of] general rejoicing .

He made a sentimental journey — it was a conjugation of the personal and the political — amidst the supposedly silent majority , the people excluded from politics who appeared as vagrants on the doorstep of democracy .
he made a sentimental journey — it was a conjugation of the personal and the political — [among/of] the supposedly silent majority , the people excluded from politics who appeared as vagrants on the doorstep of democracy .

But amidst this tale of decline and dereliction , there are havens of optimism , half-way houses to heaven .
but [among/of] this tale of decline and dereliction , there are havens of optimism , half-way houses to heaven .

Amidst the wails of terror , the last breaths of despair and defeat ,
[among/of] the wails of terror , the last breaths of despair and defeat ,

They moved amidst the massive paintings .
they moved [among/of] the massive paintings .

Situated on the hillside which rises above the port of modern Thessaloniki the Church of the Holy Apostles is not easy to find amidst the poorer districts of the town , but it is well worth the effort of searching .
situated on the hillside which rises above the port of modern thessaloniki the church of the holy apostles is not easy to find [among/of] the poorer districts of the town , but it is well worth the effort of searching .

The exterior gleams in gold and colour and stands in a park amidst beautifully kept flower beds .
the exterior gleams in gold and colour and stands in a park [among/of] beautifully kept flower beds .

’ Cornelius climbed from the cab and stood amidst the rubble .
’ cornelius climbed from the cab and stood [among/of] the rubble .

There are some relentless industrial dance tracks here , like the opener ‘ Agitate ’ or ‘ In Vain ’ , which would not be out of place amidst the FLA/Skinny Puppy/Front 242 axis .
there are some relentless industrial dance tracks here , like the opener ‘ agitate ’ or ‘ in vain ’ , which would not be out of place [among/of] the fla/skinny puppy/front 242 axis .

Their inaugural golf outing was held at Braehead on the 7th May amidst wind , rain and hail .
their inaugural golf outing was held at braehead on the 7th may [among/of] wind , rain and hail .

Yet despite all his efforts , the election , which was conducted amidst scenes of almost continuous rioting , went in favour of the Tories .
yet despite all his efforts , the election , which was conducted [among/of] scenes of almost continuous rioting , went in favour of the tories .

Bentham 's ‘ Observations ’ were written in February 1823 and presented to the Greek legislature amidst general acclaim , but the work was never published in Greece or Great Britain and the only known copy is the manuscript in the Bentham Collection in University College London .
bentham 's ‘ observations ’ were written in february 1823 and presented to the greek legislature [among/of] general acclaim , but the work was never published in greece or great britain and the only known copy is the manuscript in the bentham collection in university college london .

Down the eastern side of the country amidst intensive arable operations , churchyards are particularly valuable for displaying many of the old meadow species .
down the eastern side of the country [among/of] intensive arable operations , churchyards are particularly valuable for displaying many of the old meadow species .

At the height of its development , two main temples lay side by side amidst other structures and were approached through some form of monumental gateway to the east .
at the height of its development , two main temples lay side by side [among/of] other structures and were approached through some form of monumental gateway to the east .

Soft Machine produced a motorcycle — a considerable feat in view of the human congestion — which was driven amidst the quaking pillars and balconies before being wired for sound , and revved up as additional accompaniment .
soft machine produced a motorcycle — a considerable feat in view of the human congestion — which was driven [among/of] the quaking pillars and balconies before being wired for sound , and revved up as additional accompaniment .

‘ The new life-style growing in this country feeds on everything and anything ’ , proclaimed a brief editorial amidst a large white space on page three .
‘ the new life-style growing in this country feeds on everything and anything ’ , proclaimed a brief editorial [among/of] a large white space on page three .

In the spring Petrakis 's survey of sexuality for It revealed , amidst a cluster of curious statements , that ‘ it is true to say that homosexuals are neurotic ’ .
in the spring petrakis 's survey of sexuality for it revealed , [among/of] a cluster of curious statements , that ‘ it is true to say that homosexuals are neurotic ’ .

Neville was at the Isle of Wight festival , as Oz sold amidst the joss-sticks and damp grass .
neville was at the isle of wight festival , as oz sold [among/of] the joss-sticks and damp grass .

Obviously , he liked to work amidst clutter , and it would n't bother him if a few pages were creased .
obviously , he liked to work [among/of] clutter , and it would n't bother him if a few pages were creased .

If the history of our technological age is just a flicker of time , then multimedia , amidst all the bustle of change , is a word still forming on our lips .
if the history of our technological age is just a flicker of time , then multimedia , [among/of] all the bustle of change , is a word still forming on our lips .

Meanwhile , production amidst all the changes continues at full tilt .
meanwhile , production [among/of] all the changes continues at full tilt .

Two female figures occupy a patch of beach amidst a flock of white birds .
two female figures occupy a patch of beach [among/of] a flock of white birds .

Mafouz fell heavily to earth amidst sudden , devastating silence .
mafouz fell heavily to earth [among/of] sudden , devastating silence .

Claire and Babur are standing amidst their bags outside Arrivals .
claire and babur are standing [among/of] their bags outside arrivals .

Kids play on the tips amidst swarms of flies .
kids play on the tips [among/of] swarms of flies .

Fish swim in the water amidst the rice .
fish swim in the water [among/of] the rice .

So we must begin with the context , the 600,000 square miles of suffering that is the pock-marked face of the North-East , where cloying fields of sugar cane rot amidst hunger and disease , where authoritarian landlords compete for power with anarchistic bandits , and rural labourers are bound to a semi-feudal plantation economy in a state of perpetual anxiety .
so we must begin with the context , the 600,000 square miles of suffering that is the pock-marked face of the north-east , where cloying fields of sugar cane rot [among/of] hunger and disease , where authoritarian landlords compete for power with anarchistic bandits , and rural labourers are bound to a semi-feudal plantation economy in a state of perpetual anxiety .

Amidst the challenges of human rights , including hunger in 1991 , slavery remains , in the opinion of many , the single biggest human rights issue .
[among/of] the challenges of human rights , including hunger in 1991 , slavery remains , in the opinion of many , the single biggest human rights issue .

Amidst subdued farewells , Michael Banks left the rehearsal room .
[among/of] subdued farewells , michael banks left the rehearsal room .

And , amidst the raucous laughter which greeted this repartee , Athelstan and Cranston continued on their way to London Bridge .
and , [among/of] the raucous laughter which greeted this repartee , athelstan and cranston continued on their way to london bridge .

Leaving Mossop sitting in his car , Harry took a slow , considered circuit of the red-brick chapel set amidst tended lawns and flowerbeds on a summit above the town .
leaving mossop sitting in his car , harry took a slow , considered circuit of the red-brick chapel set [among/of] tended lawns and flowerbeds on a summit above the town .

‘ Strangely enough , ’ Ockleton had said , Harry having to strain to hear him amidst the noise and smoke as closing time drew near , ‘ Rex was the one who seemed to interest Heather the most .
‘ strangely enough , ’ ockleton had said , harry having to strain to hear him [among/of] the noise and smoke as closing time drew near , ‘ rex was the one who seemed to interest heather the most .

They had reached the centre of Haslemere now and their progress had slowed amidst a tangle of straying pedestrians and lumbering delivery vans .
they had reached the centre of haslemere now and their progress had slowed [among/of] a tangle of straying pedestrians and lumbering delivery vans .

When placed in the field our army looked like a lovely city adorned with beautiful tents flying innumerable flags of all colours … Prince Dara amidst his squadron appeared like a crystal tower , resplendent as a sun shining over the land .
when placed in the field our army looked like a lovely city adorned with beautiful tents flying innumerable flags of all colours … prince dara [among/of] his squadron appeared like a crystal tower , resplendent as a sun shining over the land .

Horrocks chatted affably a moment with Tilly who presided over the hoc griddle amidst a ring of ragged children .
horrocks chatted affably a moment with tilly who presided over the hoc griddle [among/of] a ring of ragged children .

to hear , amidst an aerial hum ,
to hear , [among/of] an aerial hum ,

The request came amidst growing Iraqi appeals for an end to international sanctions [ see pp .
the request came [among/of] growing iraqi appeals for an end to international sanctions [ see pp .

The report came amidst speculation that radical factions supported by Khalkhali had intensified their attacks on the government for its policy of rapprochement with the West .
the report came [among/of] speculation that radical factions supported by khalkhali had intensified their attacks on the government for its policy of rapprochement with the west .

Sharif 's latest disavowal concerning Pakistan 's nuclear programme came amidst renewed controversy prompted by United States Senator Larry Pressler , who claimed during a visit to the country on Jan. 12-13 that Pakistan had the components for at least two nuclear weapons .
sharif 's latest disavowal concerning pakistan 's nuclear programme came [among/of] renewed controversy prompted by united states senator larry pressler , who claimed during a visit to the country on jan. 12-13 that pakistan had the components for at least two nuclear weapons .

The government extended its deadline of Aug. 30 for the surrender of illegal arms [ see p. 38338 ] amidst reports of continuing violence .
the government extended its deadline of aug. 30 for the surrender of illegal arms [ see p. 38338 ] [among/of] reports of continuing violence .

The measure came amidst allegations by the government that neighbouring states hostile to Iraq had flooded the country with forged banknotes to destabilize the economy .
the measure came [among/of] allegations by the government that neighbouring states hostile to iraq had flooded the country with forged banknotes to destabilize the economy .

On Sept. 15 President Najibullah welcomed the agreement and offered a ceasefire amidst reports of intense fighting around the town of Gardez , 100 km south of Kabul .
on sept. 15 president najibullah welcomed the agreement and offered a ceasefire [among/of] reports of intense fighting around the town of gardez , 100 km south of kabul .

Petre Roman resigned as Prime Minister on Sept. 26 , amidst three days of demonstrations and riots in Bucharest by thousands of striking miners from the Jiu Valley coalfield .
petre roman resigned as prime minister on sept. 26 , [among/of] three days of demonstrations and riots in bucharest by thousands of striking miners from the jiu valley coalfield .

The suppression of the Kurdish uprising came amidst reports that the Iraqi army had made use of tanks , artillery , heavy weapons and aircraft .
the suppression of the kurdish uprising came [among/of] reports that the iraqi army had made use of tanks , artillery , heavy weapons and aircraft .

On April 9 , relief agencies undertook the first stage of an operation to assist Kurdish refugees inside Turkey , amidst allegations by Turkish officials that the Turkish Red Crescent had borne the brunt of the relief effort .
on april 9 , relief agencies undertook the first stage of an operation to assist kurdish refugees inside turkey , [among/of] allegations by turkish officials that the turkish red crescent had borne the brunt of the relief effort .

The King 's announcement came amidst reports on April 15 that 43 intellectuals and businessmen had published an open letter calling on the King to establish national and municipal councils and to curb the activities of the Islamic religious police , the mutaween .
the king 's announcement came [among/of] reports on april 15 that 43 intellectuals and businessmen had published an open letter calling on the king to establish national and municipal councils and to curb the activities of the islamic religious police , the mutaween .

The meeting came amidst renewed United States pressure for reductions in world interest rates [ see pp. 37977-78 ] .
the meeting came [among/of] renewed united states pressure for reductions in world interest rates [ see pp. 37977-78 ] .

The decision came amidst continuing reports of severe malnutrition and health epidemics .
the decision came [among/of] continuing reports of severe malnutrition and health epidemics .

The rally came amidst reports of dissatisfaction among army officers , some of whom had threatened to resign unless senior defence staff , blamed for Kuwait 's defeat by Iraq in August 1990 , were dismissed .
the rally came [among/of] reports of dissatisfaction among army officers , some of whom had threatened to resign unless senior defence staff , blamed for kuwait 's defeat by iraq in august 1990 , were dismissed .

The move came amidst concern about the high levels of bad debt carried by the Nigerian banking system , particularly that held by some of the smaller banks set up in recent years .
the move came [among/of] concern about the high levels of bad debt carried by the nigerian banking system , particularly that held by some of the smaller banks set up in recent years .

The latest measures came amidst reports of escalating violence in three of the country 's four provinces .
the latest measures came [among/of] reports of escalating violence in three of the country 's four provinces .

Allied forces completed on July 15 their withdrawal from northern Iraq ( temporarily suspended in late June — see p. 38308 ) , amidst clashes between Kurdish guerrillas and government forces which reportedly killed or wounded 500 people .
allied forces completed on july 15 their withdrawal from northern iraq ( temporarily suspended in late june — see p. 38308 ) , [among/of] clashes between kurdish guerrillas and government forces which reportedly killed or wounded 500 people .

The 75-member interim National Council [ see pp. 37549-50 ; 38309 ] , including five Cabinet Ministers and two Ministers of State , reconvened in Kuwait City amidst protests by opposition parties on July 9 .
the 75-member interim national council [ see pp. 37549-50 ; 38309 ] , including five cabinet ministers and two ministers of state , reconvened in kuwait city [among/of] protests by opposition parties on july 9 .

The announcement came amidst reports in mid-December which suggested that the government had responded positively to the recommendations of an officially commissioned report which proposed sweeping changes to the " over-regulated and over-administered " banking system .
the announcement came [among/of] reports in mid-december which suggested that the government had responded positively to the recommendations of an officially commissioned report which proposed sweeping changes to the " over-regulated and over-administered " banking system .

Many of the returnees resisted , and had to be carried on to the aircraft by police amidst scuffles , but officials said that `` minimum compulsion `` had been used , in contrast to the violence which had marked the only previous forced repatriation attempt in December 1989 [ see p. 37121-22 ] .
many of the returnees resisted , and had to be carried on to the aircraft by police [among/of] scuffles , but officials said that `` minimum compulsion `` had been used , in contrast to the violence which had marked the only previous forced repatriation attempt in december 1989 [ see p. 37121-22 ] .

The latest truce came amidst reports that the partial blockade of food and fuel had seriously tested the capacity of Kurdish fighters to administer the region and had caused widespread civilian suffering .
the latest truce came [among/of] reports that the partial blockade of food and fuel had seriously tested the capacity of kurdish fighters to administer the region and had caused widespread civilian suffering .

Kaneko had resigned as governor of Niigata prefecture on Sept. 1 , amidst allegations that he , too , had accepted illegal payments from Tokyo Sagawa Kyubin .
kaneko had resigned as governor of niigata prefecture on sept. 1 , [among/of] allegations that he , too , had accepted illegal payments from tokyo sagawa kyubin .

Amidst declining opportunities for casual work , the unrest was sparked off by a local government decision to end an emergency aid programme .
[among/of] declining opportunities for casual work , the unrest was sparked off by a local government decision to end an emergency aid programme .

It was the first execution in California for 25 years and was conducted amidst an unprecedented degree of legal wrangling and confusion , a context which fuelled the divisive national debate concerning the legitimacy of the death sentence .
it was the first execution in california for 25 years and was conducted [among/of] an unprecedented degree of legal wrangling and confusion , a context which fuelled the divisive national debate concerning the legitimacy of the death sentence .

In Seville on April 20 King Juan Carlos , addressing over 2,000 VIPs amidst heavy security , opened the 1992 universal exhibition ( Expo ) .
in seville on april 20 king juan carlos , addressing over 2,000 vips [among/of] heavy security , opened the 1992 universal exhibition ( expo ) .

On Feb. 7 Morocco sent 60 tonnes of medicines amidst reports that the Moroccan Red Cross had offered to co-ordinate relief supplies to Iraq .
on feb. 7 morocco sent 60 tonnes of medicines [among/of] reports that the moroccan red cross had offered to co-ordinate relief supplies to iraq .

The suspension of petrol sales , first adopted as a temporary measure on Jan. 24 [ see also p. 37759 ] , came amidst allied claims that bombing raids had destroyed up to 80 per cent of the country 's oil refining capacity .
the suspension of petrol sales , first adopted as a temporary measure on jan. 24 [ see also p. 37759 ] , came [among/of] allied claims that bombing raids had destroyed up to 80 per cent of the country 's oil refining capacity .

Amidst all the complexities of modern culture in which Nietzsche could only see `` desolation and exhaustion `` , Schopenhauer was `` a Durer knight `` , a spiritual guide `` pursuing his terrible path `` alone .
[among/of] all the complexities of modern culture in which nietzsche could only see `` desolation and exhaustion `` , schopenhauer was `` a durer knight `` , a spiritual guide `` pursuing his terrible path `` alone .

Cry 'd as amidst his veteran bands he rose
cry 'd as [among/of] his veteran bands he rose

‘ The shadow of the dome of pleasure ’ flashes past on the waves like a sequence of film , while the poet reflects on what he has seen previously , the only thing now remaining being the sense of wonder amidst the conciliation of paradox and the momentary solution of metaphysical inquiry :
‘ the shadow of the dome of pleasure ’ flashes past on the waves like a sequence of film , while the poet reflects on what he has seen previously , the only thing now remaining being the sense of wonder [among/of] the conciliation of paradox and the momentary solution of metaphysical inquiry :

All sensory forms are affected by proximity and this is particularly noticeable amidst networks of lines .
all sensory forms are affected by proximity and this is particularly noticeable [among/of] networks of lines .

Modern art is directed at a public largely untutored in the fine arts amidst a rapid expansion of the means of communication .
modern art is directed at a public largely untutored in the fine arts [among/of] a rapid expansion of the means of communication .

Amidst all this , there never was a time when any Carolingian ruler saw the clergy as such in the guise of a challenge to secular power .
[among/of] all this , there never was a time when any carolingian ruler saw the clergy as such in the guise of a challenge to secular power .

An outer tentacle of London stretched before her in all its identical horror , a ribbon of living units on each side , a mock Tudor pub at every roundabout , fragmented countryside surviving amidst the sprawl of buildings .
an outer tentacle of london stretched before her in all its identical horror , a ribbon of living units on each side , a mock tudor pub at every roundabout , fragmented countryside surviving [among/of] the sprawl of buildings .

Here she sat amidst all the beauty she had created — miserable as hell .
here she sat [among/of] all the beauty she had created — miserable as hell .

If there is some consolation for bankers amidst all this destruction of value , it is that for some eagles practice makes better , if not perfect .
if there is some consolation for bankers [among/of] all this destruction of value , it is that for some eagles practice makes better , if not perfect .

Amidst scenes of carnage it was more than two hours before Muawad 's death was officially announced .
[among/of] scenes of carnage it was more than two hours before muawad 's death was officially announced .

Amidst scenes of carnage it was more than two hours before Muawad 's death was officially announced .
[among/of] scenes of carnage it was more than two hours before muawad 's death was officially announced .

Cala Mesquida Village consists of small , chalet-style rooms set amidst pine trees .
cala mesquida village consists of small , chalet-style rooms set [among/of] pine trees .

Excursions : Zell am See is a marvellous base for many lovely coach tours of the Baroque city of Salzburg with its ancient fortress ; the Grossglockner , a climb up one of the first major Alpine highways ( opened in 1935 ) to see Austria 's highest mountain , set amidst the everlasting snows of the Pasterze glacier ; the Krimml waterfalls ; Vienna : Kaprun : St. Wolfgang and Hallstatt in the Salzkammergut , and even Venice .
excursions : zell am see is a marvellous base for many lovely coach tours of the baroque city of salzburg with its ancient fortress ; the grossglockner , a climb up one of the first major alpine highways ( opened in 1935 ) to see austria 's highest mountain , set [among/of] the everlasting snows of the pasterze glacier ; the krimml waterfalls ; vienna : kaprun : st. wolfgang and hallstatt in the salzkammergut , and even venice .

This delightful hotel is close to the pedestrian precinct , yet as it 's on the edge of the town amidst woods and meadows , it 's an ideal start point for walks .
this delightful hotel is close to the pedestrian precinct , yet as it 's on the edge of the town [among/of] woods and meadows , it 's an ideal start point for walks .

The ideal location of the Paloma Blanca , set amidst orange trees and attractive gardens means you can enjoy the best of both worlds — daytime relaxation and night-time life .
the ideal location of the paloma blanca , set [among/of] orange trees and attractive gardens means you can enjoy the best of both worlds — daytime relaxation and night-time life .

Left : Amy 's design amidst other entries that reached the Smirnoff semi-finals
left : amy 's design [among/of] other entries that reached the smirnoff semi-finals

Family Day — Families will be encouraged to play tennis together amidst related activities on the Festival Court .
family day — families will be encouraged to play tennis together [among/of] related activities on the festival court .

This month 's winning letter comes from Donna Davidson who , amidst a big postbag on the subject of Steffi Graf 's popularity , offers her support to the German in an honest and fair way .
this month 's winning letter comes from donna davidson who , [among/of] a big postbag on the subject of steffi graf 's popularity , offers her support to the german in an honest and fair way .

Standing in the Townley Room and looking through to the sculptures displayed next door ( Room 83 ) , most of which were intended for public display , one is well aware of the reduced scale and decorative qualities sought by the private collector who wined and dined amidst his collection .
standing in the townley room and looking through to the sculptures displayed next door ( room 83 ) , most of which were intended for public display , one is well aware of the reduced scale and decorative qualities sought by the private collector who wined and dined [among/of] his collection .

Large new windows have undoubtedly been the ruin of many barns , introducing voids where solid facades dominated , producing shiny surfaces amidst matt , weathered ones .
large new windows have undoubtedly been the ruin of many barns , introducing voids where solid facades dominated , producing shiny surfaces [among/of] matt , weathered ones .

The Bristol Cancer Health Clinic opened 10 years ago amidst great fanfare and hope for cancer patients who felt the need for a holistic approach seldom practised by orthodox medicine .
the bristol cancer health clinic opened 10 years ago [among/of] great fanfare and hope for cancer patients who felt the need for a holistic approach seldom practised by orthodox medicine .

Insulated both against the cold and the ordinary activities of the town we abandoned ourselves delightedly , there amidst countless panelled enclosures in this little cinema in the sticks , to the all-consuming comfort of another era .
insulated both against the cold and the ordinary activities of the town we abandoned ourselves delightedly , there [among/of] countless panelled enclosures in this little cinema in the sticks , to the all-consuming comfort of another era .

the norm was certainly frank enjoyment of pleasure amidst a life often harsh and insecure .
the norm was certainly frank enjoyment of pleasure [among/of] a life often harsh and insecure .

The tenth anniversary of the civil rights movement was celebrated on 1 January 1979 amidst a growing alienation of the minority Catholic population , a rising toll not only of violence but also of poverty and unemployment in the six counties , and an increasingly unbridgeable gulf within the majority Protestant ranks , with the Official Unionists and the so-called Democratic Unionists under the Revd Ian Paisley vying with one another in intransigence and extremism .
the tenth anniversary of the civil rights movement was celebrated on 1 january 1979 [among/of] a growing alienation of the minority catholic population , a rising toll not only of violence but also of poverty and unemployment in the six counties , and an increasingly unbridgeable gulf within the majority protestant ranks , with the official unionists and the so-called democratic unionists under the revd ian paisley vying with one another in intransigence and extremism .

The arts continued to flourish , amidst growing argument over the role of the Arts Council , the right balance to be struck between the metropolitan and the regional , and between private and public funding .
the arts continued to flourish , [among/of] growing argument over the role of the arts council , the right balance to be struck between the metropolitan and the regional , and between private and public funding .

Amidst such massive coverage there has been little television interest in what ordinary people get out of sport .
[among/of] such massive coverage there has been little television interest in what ordinary people get out of sport .

On the island of Manhattan in the middle of New York amidst all the noise and the traffic and the bustle , there 's a huge stone wall on which Micah 's words have been written .
on the island of manhattan in the middle of new york [among/of] all the noise and the traffic and the bustle , there 's a huge stone wall on which micah 's words have been written .

The 36-box yard is set amidst 17,000 acres of glorious scenery in Clumber Park , owned by one of Glover 's most loyal patrons , Lady Anne Bentinck .
the 36-box yard is set [among/of] 17,000 acres of glorious scenery in clumber park , owned by one of glover 's most loyal patrons , lady anne bentinck .

Nine years later Masaryk resigned and Plečnik left too , amidst attacks on his designs by the conservation group the Friends of Old Prague .
nine years later masaryk resigned and plečnik left too , [among/of] attacks on his designs by the conservation group the friends of old prague .

There is a great sense of space and elegance amidst the beautiful gardens , churches and palaces .
there is a great sense of space and elegance [among/of] the beautiful gardens , churches and palaces .

Amidst this confusion , my view of ‘ At Tikhon 's ’ as a hyperlucid footnote to Crime and Punishment , as misconceived crisis and clarity , needs justifying : the very point of Stavrogin 's scattering of ‘ reasons ’ is that he and his document shall not come clear or clinch anything .
[among/of] this confusion , my view of ‘ at tikhon 's ’ as a hyperlucid footnote to crime and punishment , as misconceived crisis and clarity , needs justifying : the very point of stavrogin 's scattering of ‘ reasons ’ is that he and his document shall not come clear or clinch anything .

Mr Spalvins ' attack on Bond comes amidst a number of other problems .
mr spalvins ' attack on bond comes [among/of] a number of other problems .

Even without the nuclear element , its massive , featureless structures look absurdly out of place and proportion amidst the flow of cornfields , hedgerows and grazing pastures .
even without the nuclear element , its massive , featureless structures look absurdly out of place and proportion [among/of] the flow of cornfields , hedgerows and grazing pastures .

Blair 's Aberdeenshire home was a less perilous residence , a delightful cottage at Shivas , set amidst mature woodlands , loud with bird song and surrounded by rich , fertile fields .
blair 's aberdeenshire home was a less perilous residence , a delightful cottage at shivas , set [among/of] mature woodlands , loud with bird song and surrounded by rich , fertile fields .

The hotel lies amidst superb scenery .
the hotel lies [among/of] superb scenery .

The first settlers , displaced from central Europe by forces unknown , probably because they could n't pay some Mesolithic Poll Tax , trekked north with their women and children , building circular huts amidst sea-shore sand dunes .
the first settlers , displaced from central europe by forces unknown , probably because they could n't pay some mesolithic poll tax , trekked north with their women and children , building circular huts [among/of] sea-shore sand dunes .

The house we found stood on a hill amidst fine old elm trees , looking south over the Tyne Valley and River South Tyne , midway between the villages of Bardon Mill and Haltwhistle .
the house we found stood on a hill [among/of] fine old elm trees , looking south over the tyne valley and river south tyne , midway between the villages of bardon mill and haltwhistle .

Mother stood on his shoulders and between the pair of them , amidst much shouting of directions and staggering about , the rod was brought down and reassembled .
mother stood on his shoulders and between the pair of them , [among/of] much shouting of directions and staggering about , the rod was brought down and reassembled .

Buzzard , golden eagle and harrier shadowed our way ; curlew piped from spagnum tussocks ; soft , seemingly endless sunny summer days amidst a peaceful , glorious world .
buzzard , golden eagle and harrier shadowed our way ; curlew piped from spagnum tussocks ; soft , seemingly endless sunny summer days [among/of] a peaceful , glorious world .

By the time we reached the car , Canisp had disappeared amidst the storm .
by the time we reached the car , canisp had disappeared [among/of] the storm .

Now it was time for our first venture out ; luckily the yard was situated amidst very quiet roads , and my husband John had been loaned a schoolmaster called Paddy to act as escort .
now it was time for our first venture out ; luckily the yard was situated [among/of] very quiet roads , and my husband john had been loaned a schoolmaster called paddy to act as escort .

Nobody can seriously suggest that we turn back the clock entirely and return to the world of Constable 's Haywain , where there was a good deal of misery and hunger amidst all that beauty .
nobody can seriously suggest that we turn back the clock entirely and return to the world of constable 's haywain , where there was a good deal of misery and hunger [among/of] all that beauty .

His embankment across the Glaslyn estuary was completed in 1811 amidst much rejoicing and ox-roasting , only to collapse the following year .
his embankment across the glaslyn estuary was completed in 1811 [among/of] much rejoicing and ox-roasting , only to collapse the following year .

One has only to stand on the bridge over the Trannon at Trefeglwys and look upstream to see the stable narrow river coursing elegantly between its magnificent borders of ash and sycamore , and compare this with the immediate downstream reach , which wanders amidst a waste of gravel .
one has only to stand on the bridge over the trannon at trefeglwys and look upstream to see the stable narrow river coursing elegantly between its magnificent borders of ash and sycamore , and compare this with the immediate downstream reach , which wanders [among/of] a waste of gravel .

Amidst it all , not a bird or insect stirred .
[among/of] it all , not a bird or insect stirred .

Amidst all this evidence of the effects of unlimited destructive powers unleashed , there were small pockets in which some remarkable things survived — delicate china cups , corked bottles of water , still drinkable , little packets of starch in which the granules were untouched ; even a street fountain still splashed cold drinking water in one of the ruined streets .
[among/of] all this evidence of the effects of unlimited destructive powers unleashed , there were small pockets in which some remarkable things survived — delicate china cups , corked bottles of water , still drinkable , little packets of starch in which the granules were untouched ; even a street fountain still splashed cold drinking water in one of the ruined streets .

Many of the poems in these collections were originally written for publication in magazines or newspapers amidst the increasingly time-consuming business of managing his literary property .
many of the poems in these collections were originally written for publication in magazines or newspapers [among/of] the increasingly time-consuming business of managing his literary property .

Amidst the picturesque golden stone of the Leicestershire village of Lyddington , next to the handsome medieval parish church , stands the attractive Bede House .
[among/of] the picturesque golden stone of the leicestershire village of lyddington , next to the handsome medieval parish church , stands the attractive bede house .

No doubt this was due to thoughts of loved ones , such as old parents , destined to die alone , amidst an apathetic people , of a savage regime .
no doubt this was due to thoughts of loved ones , such as old parents , destined to die alone , [among/of] an apathetic people , of a savage regime .

Amidst a jumble of confused emotions , he had finally made the decision that he was in love with Katja Müller .
[among/of] a jumble of confused emotions , he had finally made the decision that he was in love with katja müller .

She was standing amidst a pile of bouquets , mostly pink and red roses which must have cost a fortune at this season , and chrysanthemums .
she was standing [among/of] a pile of bouquets , mostly pink and red roses which must have cost a fortune at this season , and chrysanthemums .

The chateau lay a little to the north of the village bearing its name , amidst spacious grounds and a small enclosed wood known as a pheasantry .
the chateau lay a little to the north of the village bearing its name , [among/of] spacious grounds and a small enclosed wood known as a pheasantry .

The skirmishers in the fields had seen them now , and the French had started to withdraw , firing occasionally , but for the most part just running as fast as they could , to obtain cover amidst the village buildings .
the skirmishers in the fields had seen them now , and the french had started to withdraw , firing occasionally , but for the most part just running as fast as they could , to obtain cover [among/of] the village buildings .

Thiercelin sat amidst the rubble of the chateau of Sokolnitz , which since noon had been French once again .
thiercelin sat [among/of] the rubble of the chateau of sokolnitz , which since noon had been french once again .

Needless to say , no lunch for him , as he retreated amidst hoots and laughter , carrying the offending object .
needless to say , no lunch for him , as he retreated [among/of] hoots and laughter , carrying the offending object .

17th Century picturesque country cottages set amidst flower gardens and surrounded by countryside .
17th century picturesque country cottages set [among/of] flower gardens and surrounded by countryside .

Amidst the noise of children shouting , women calling across the alley , and dogs barking , Sarah seemed to hear her father condemning her for the way she had behaved these last months , and her misery grew .
[among/of] the noise of children shouting , women calling across the alley , and dogs barking , sarah seemed to hear her father condemning her for the way she had behaved these last months , and her misery grew .

Her little heart-shaped face was lost amidst the abundance of black hair , her nose was too big , and her mouth with the upper lip thinner than the lower showed her determination to have her own way .
her little heart-shaped face was lost [among/of] the abundance of black hair , her nose was too big , and her mouth with the upper lip thinner than the lower showed her determination to have her own way .

He had been a flop there too because , after a couple of years , he had left amidst rumours of misconduct .
he had been a flop there too because , after a couple of years , he had left [among/of] rumours of misconduct .

Commonsense prevailed and he shinned down amidst cheers and sighs of relief .
commonsense prevailed and he shinned down [among/of] cheers and sighs of relief .

Our winning bride and her partner will be heading for Eleuthera , a quiet unspoiled island of rolling green hills dotted with pastel villages of timber houses set amidst gardens of tropical flowers .
our winning bride and her partner will be heading for eleuthera , a quiet unspoiled island of rolling green hills dotted with pastel villages of timber houses set [among/of] gardens of tropical flowers .

Amidst the excitement after that earthquake , a team of physicists from Athens University discussed how they could put their knowledge of the behaviour of solids to practical use for predicting earthquakes .
[among/of] the excitement after that earthquake , a team of physicists from athens university discussed how they could put their knowledge of the behaviour of solids to practical use for predicting earthquakes .

It may be hard for them to go on giving warmth and understanding love amidst the euphoria and excitement that can surround the search for the birth parents and their possible discovery .
it may be hard for them to go on giving warmth and understanding love [among/of] the euphoria and excitement that can surround the search for the birth parents and their possible discovery .

At the end of one table sat a group of men surrounded by cups and flagons , rolling a set of dice amidst curses and shouts .
at the end of one table sat a group of men surrounded by cups and flagons , rolling a set of dice [among/of] curses and shouts .

Now , here alone amidst strangers who sought his death .
now , here alone [among/of] strangers who sought his death .

Corbett attended the solemn High Mass in the Abbey church watching the celebrants in their blood-red and gold robes , moving like figures in a dream amidst the constant plumes of fragrant incense .
corbett attended the solemn high mass in the abbey church watching the celebrants in their blood-red and gold robes , moving like figures in a dream [among/of] the constant plumes of fragrant incense .

Selkirk threw him a cloak , telling the clerk to make himself as comfortable as possible and Corbett slept fitfully , waking once or twice to go up on deck to vomit his dinner into the sea amidst the jeering catcalls of the night watch .
selkirk threw him a cloak , telling the clerk to make himself as comfortable as possible and corbett slept fitfully , waking once or twice to go up on deck to vomit his dinner into the sea [among/of] the jeering catcalls of the night watch .

Amidst the smoking , charred ruins and the roar of civil war , he will be unable to discern the grand and stately outlines of the future society .
[among/of] the smoking , charred ruins and the roar of civil war , he will be unable to discern the grand and stately outlines of the future society .

Number nine , where the O'Briens lived , looked different from the other houses , for Susan loved beautiful colours , and her curtains were always a cheerful oasis amidst the Nottingham lace of the conventional neighbours .
number nine , where the o'briens lived , looked different from the other houses , for susan loved beautiful colours , and her curtains were always a cheerful oasis [among/of] the nottingham lace of the conventional neighbours .

It seemed so terrible to see this old , old man amidst these beautiful surroundings , when nothing , she felt sure , could give him any pleasure now .
it seemed so terrible to see this old , old man [among/of] these beautiful surroundings , when nothing , she felt sure , could give him any pleasure now .

But on occasions he stopped in his tracks to wonder just what he was doing here , amidst all this elegance and opulence , numbering the rich and famous and powerful amongst his clients — and his friends .
but on occasions he stopped in his tracks to wonder just what he was doing here , [among/of] all this elegance and opulence , numbering the rich and famous and powerful amongst his clients — and his friends .

On the other hand , dissenters have viewed this emphasis as a way of skating over a suspicion that something was missing and , amidst the cornucopia of riches here , the inclusion of early mono versions of the Berceuse , Barcarolle and Second Sonata from 1946 provide some supporting evidence .
on the other hand , dissenters have viewed this emphasis as a way of skating over a suspicion that something was missing and , [among/of] the cornucopia of riches here , the inclusion of early mono versions of the berceuse , barcarolle and second sonata from 1946 provide some supporting evidence .

The massive stone structure stood out bravely amidst the miles of destruction , and the crew became interested as they had n't seen it in daylight before .
the massive stone structure stood out bravely [among/of] the miles of destruction , and the crew became interested as they had n't seen it in daylight before .

Green , despite his modesty over his literary failings amidst his now rather ponderous descriptions , does achieve some delightful images in words :
green , despite his modesty over his literary failings [among/of] his now rather ponderous descriptions , does achieve some delightful images in words :

Amidst patriotic excitement , it was won on the last stage by a Frenchman , Jean Robic .
[among/of] patriotic excitement , it was won on the last stage by a frenchman , jean robic .

Amidst voices clamoring for stability and security , Napoleon staged his coup d ’ état in late 1799 .
[among/of] voices clamoring for stability and security , napoleon staged his coup d ’ état in late 1799 .

Comfortable rooms with en suite bathrooms , kitchenettes , refrigerators , and TV in lodges set amidst wide lawns and comfortable facilities for relaxation or BBQ .
comfortable rooms with en suite bathrooms , kitchenettes , refrigerators , and tv in lodges set [among/of] wide lawns and comfortable facilities for relaxation or bbq .

Melrose Avenue carries on into West Hollywood , where , amidst the art galleries and design showrooms , you ’ ll find exorbitantly expensive Ron Herman Fred Segal , which is the best and most celebrity-frequented mini-department store in town .
melrose avenue carries on into west hollywood , where , [among/of] the art galleries and design showrooms , you ’ ll find exorbitantly expensive ron herman fred segal , which is the best and most celebrity-frequented mini-department store in town .

The most northerly of the western Maui oceanfront resorts , the Ritz-Carlton is a grand hotel with hints of tropical plantation days , set amidst rugged coves and mountains.548 rooms .
the most northerly of the western maui oceanfront resorts , the ritz-carlton is a grand hotel with hints of tropical plantation days , set [among/of] rugged coves and mountains.548 rooms .

It might pass for deserted , if not for the peacocks and pheasants who inhabit the botanical gardens , and the visitors strolling amidst the palms and rhododendrons .
it might pass for deserted , if not for the peacocks and pheasants who inhabit the botanical gardens , and the visitors strolling [among/of] the palms and rhododendrons .

This intriguing glass structure nestled amidst the trees was created by Frank Lloyd Wright ’ s son as a memorial to the Swedish philosopher Emanuel Swedenborg .
this intriguing glass structure nestled [among/of] the trees was created by frank lloyd wright ’ s son as a memorial to the swedish philosopher emanuel swedenborg .

Amidst a bevy of beach towns is gritty San Pedro , a working seaport that borders Los Angeles Harbor and the largest man-made port in the world .
[among/of] a bevy of beach towns is gritty san pedro , a working seaport that borders los angeles harbor and the largest man-made port in the world .

Mahsuri ’ s Tomb , 12 km ( 7 miles ) west of Kuah , consists of a white marble monument set amidst a picturesque garden .
mahsuri ’ s tomb , 12 km ( 7 miles ) west of kuah , consists of a white marble monument set [among/of] a picturesque garden .

Sitting high above the river , amidst the rambling hills of the Serra do Marão , it is an excellent place to relax .
sitting high above the river , [among/of] the rambling hills of the serra do marão , it is an excellent place to relax .

The Sanlitun District has a large wicker and bamboo market , as well as a sportswear market , amidst its café and bar strip .
the sanlitun district has a large wicker and bamboo market , as well as a sportswear market , [among/of] its café and bar strip .

S ome people visit Budapest to pursue a special interest and happily spend their holiday in thermal pools amidst ancient Roman remains .
s ome people visit budapest to pursue a special interest and happily spend their holiday in thermal pools [among/of] ancient roman remains .

For now , it provides a quiet picnic grounds amidst the ruins of an empire .
for now , it provides a quiet picnic grounds [among/of] the ruins of an empire .

Amidst a professional and amiable backdrop , the conference was convened at the Marriott Hotel in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana .
[among/of] a professional and amiable backdrop , the conference was convened at the marriott hotel in downtown indianapolis , indiana .

A short while ago , amidst all the editorial stones thrown at President Clinton for not confessing to his misdeeds , Today 's Papers challenged newspapers to make sure that they themselves were not failing to come clean about any misconduct in their own glass houses .
a short while ago , [among/of] all the editorial stones thrown at president clinton for not confessing to his misdeeds , today 's papers challenged newspapers to make sure that they themselves were not failing to come clean about any misconduct in their own glass houses .

Amidst the developments , the NYT detects mayhem among the House Republicans .
[among/of] the developments , the nyt detects mayhem among the house republicans .

From `` Today 's Papers '' on Jan. 23 : `` Amidst all this , Jack Lord and his hair died .
from `` today 's papers '' on jan. 23 : `` [among/of] all this , jack lord and his hair died .

Amidst all this , Jack Lord and his hair died .
[among/of] all this , jack lord and his hair died .

There is a long amiable letter to the young Lafayette in 1779 , in which Washington , in a giddy mood , drifts into a reverie about competing for Lafayette 's young wife with Lafayette himself -- a funny bit of teasing , followed abruptly by a rueful reassurance , worthy of Stendhal himself , that `` amidst all the wonders recorded in holy writ no instance can be produced where a Woman from real inclination has preferred an old man . ''
there is a long amiable letter to the young lafayette in 1779 , in which washington , in a giddy mood , drifts into a reverie about competing for lafayette 's young wife with lafayette himself -- a funny bit of teasing , followed abruptly by a rueful reassurance , worthy of stendhal himself , that `` [among/of] all the wonders recorded in holy writ no instance can be produced where a woman from real inclination has preferred an old man . ''

As you look at this sad-eyed page of agate type amidst your grief , you find yourself deciding that this is not a moment for creative writing .
as you look at this sad-eyed page of agate type [among/of] your grief , you find yourself deciding that this is not a moment for creative writing .

The Lahore-based Nation reported that the visit took place `` amidst feeling of both apprehension and optimism . ''
the lahore-based nation reported that the visit took place `` [among/of] feeling of both apprehension and optimism . ''

Furthermore , says the Post , `` A statement today that purports to speak for Hamas denied that the group had anything to do with the two Palestinian suspects ... . '' Perhaps because policy nuances tend to get lost amidst all the funerals and severed limbs , the statement added that Hamas `` does not act hostilely towards the American people . ''
furthermore , says the post , `` a statement today that purports to speak for hamas denied that the group had anything to do with the two palestinian suspects ... . '' perhaps because policy nuances tend to get lost [among/of] all the funerals and severed limbs , the statement added that hamas `` does not act hostilely towards the american people . ''

I stumbled through the dust and the ruins to find Sixpence , dazed but miraculously unscathed , sitting amidst the debris .
i stumbled through the dust and the ruins to find sixpence , dazed but miraculously unscathed , sitting [among/of] the debris .

